- How MrBeast Made YouTube’s Greatest Video (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en mr beast might just have made his greatest ever video his 100 million subscribers special is closing in on 40 million views in just two days but here's the really interesting thing this video manages to combine all of mr beast's best youtube tactics into 15 minutes if there's ever a video we need to closely study it's this one you see it all revolves around the three-part mystery beast equation an equation that led to the greatest youtube growth story of all time and it starts with part one aiming for perfect retention we all know that mr beast is a master at keeping people watching from beginning to end he constantly talks about his obsession with video retention if i'm talking to this camera and you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention but if i talk and you cut to that angle i'm talking and cut back and you know it helps it but people often make the mistake of thinking that this is just about having lots of cuts and talking really fast there's a lot more to it than that let me show you why this is the perfect video intro we just hit 100 million subscribers and from the bottom of my heart thank you everyone that subscribed and to celebrate i bought this ginormous private island and i'm giving it to one of you in this video so i brought 100 of my subscribers to compete in four extreme challenges last one standing wins this island the first challenge is simple first 50 people to start a fire and like their torch move on begin now sure of course it is relentlessly fast in fact in these opening 20 seconds there was a visual change every 1.1 seconds mr beast knows that by front loading the video with this much stimulus it's very hard to feel bored and get distracted but a very smart thing he does in his intros is establish scale for example in this shot he starts with the camera zoomed in on him and then zooms back to reveal the entire island a few seconds later he shows the scale of all 100 contestants in a line these are called establishing shots and mr beast uses them for two purposes to set the scene for the video but also to wow the audience with the size of the production he wants this to feel big because it is if you look at a typical retention curve people usually start to hold attention when the first challenge or storyline begins so mr beast starts the first challenge after 17 seconds he could have shown more of the island or given more explanation but he always prioritizes retention he actually puts a tour of the island after the first challenge has finished nearly every video mr beast has uploaded has an intro formula like this open fast establish scale and transition to first challenge however after the intro is where a lot of youtubers encounter a problem the rest of their video just can't match the energy we can visualize a lot of youtube videos with this energy graph the video starts high with tension and energy but then drops off and only starts to peak again towards the end if you go through the island video it looks more like this every few minutes mr beast creates tension in the storyline with his challenges this makes it hard to skip forward or leave the video constant tension is always built in he also uses the contestants to help reinforce his storylines pay close attention to this scene because it's really smart assume you saw the first squid game video okay well this one's a little different only the first 20 to step on the red line or cross it move on okay the red line that's all we're thinking about 20 people this guy was used to emphasize the challenge he basically repeated what jimmy said to make sure you know what's happening however the magic of mr beast is there is a clear strategy behind his videos but they never feel too polished sometimes that's just about leaving in an organic moment like this i need a snack wait wait you're definitely eliminated you did say red light green light at the end red light the red light let me review the footage and see if he's correct when you were explaining the rules you said like green light if there's no time limit yeah we have our first finisher by technicality he has even said he deliberately limits his videos to 1080p so they don't feel too high production i don't like the way high quality footage look i don't ever want things to feel too produced trust me this guy could afford a few 4k cameras if you wanted them it always has to feel like a youtube video when i showed this graph earlier you might have noticed this green spike at the end well i'm using that to represent another key to his retention every mr beast video finishes with a high point whether it's dramatic or just wholesome this is integral to retention strategy on youtube it's what leaves the lasting impression in the viewer's mind but we need to talk about the genius behind this thumbnail which takes us on to part two of the equation the clickbait master i believe this is mr beast's best ever thumbnail and just like the video it uses all the tactics mr beast has learned over the years there are 5 things that make it great starting with jimmy himself he takes up 33 percent of this thumbnail mr beast is arguably the most recognizable brand on youtube so it's really important to leverage that also the facial expression of an excited open mouth smile is by far the most commonly used expression on his channel in fact 76 of his videos in the last year utilize it why it instantly gives emotion and hypes up what he is showing in the image he's excited the viewer is excited if you focus closely on the editing on the face you'll see jimmy's eyes have been brightened the eyes are the first thing we focus on when we see human faces so from a psychology point of view it makes sense to pronounce them second of all the entire thumbnail has a really good balance of colors mr beast and his team are masters of using good contrast even note the red headphones they perfectly contrast against the light blue and green of the island also this image is perfectly saturated without being over the top a lot of youtubers would edit this thumbnail like this and while it may be even brighter and more vibrant it suddenly makes the island feel less realistic it's important for mr beast to show something that doesn't look overly fake the third point is using things in the image to show scale this boat for example and the volcano just like in the actual content mrbeast wants to show off how big this video is the micro details are where things get really interesting the roller coaster the beast burger building and the giant gold statue make the island feel even more luxurious but they are also a subtle way of adding more brand my favorite part of the thumbnail is the figure parachuting down to the islands it's very smart because it both reaffirms the scale but also adds a bit of extra intrigue you're left wondering who is that and will he or she land the fifth thing that makes all mister mysteries thumbnails great is simplicity if we zoom out on this image it's still very easy to work out what's happening thumbnails should be instantly understandable at any size so now we have part one and part two of the equation but none of this would work if it wasn't for part three video financing and this isn't as simple as you might think you see often mr beast is portrayed as this crazy kid who's on the brink of going broke but here's two things that make these expensive videos possible firstly mr beast is actually a very effective salesman watch his merch plug in this video this is our first and maybe only merch drop of the entire year we filmed a mr beast video that will never be uploaded to the public just by either item and we will email you a link to watch the video if you have seven days let's go see who wins the island he basically has a sales formula he mentions the merch is exclusive gives the free video as an additional incentive and makes the drop time specific this is textbook sales now just before we mention the second and possibly most important factor behind this business model there's something else we need to mention when it comes to financing creators like mr beast have actually begun selling some of their older videos this is often called back catalog licensing and the company making this possible is today's sponsor spotter here's how it works spotter gives you upfront cash now in exchange for future ad revenue on your back catalog of videos you can use the money however you want whether it's hiring an editor and growing your team or even just saving it yourself for peace of mind on their website mr b said he used the money to help fund his spanish channel you maintain full ownership of your channel and all your future revenue it's a simple trade for your old videos with nothing to pay back ever spotter have already deployed over 550 million dollars to hundreds of creators including the likes of mr beast dude perfect and many more so if you're a youtuber who's interested in how much your old videos could be worth visit spotter.com paddy linked down below so what is the second thing that ties everything together mr beast's business is mission driven in terms of content jimmy obsesses over making the perfect video in terms of money jimmy has a deep-rooted desire to help those in need these two missions make every video mean more than your average creator and speaking of this i'm going to donate 5 cents to mysteries philanthropy for every subscribe this video gets so you can do your good deed for the day by scrolling down and hitting that red button thanks for watching and shout out to mrbeast for changing the youtube game

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [266 likes]: Can we hit 5,000 likes? It would break my record for the first 24 hours! 🥲 If you are a youtuber make sure to check out: http://spotter.com/paddy
  2. @Emmanuelputunoi [2 likes]: Where is he ?
  3. @MasterRantBlox [2 likes]: You Faded Where are you now 😢
  4. @BBWFan1776 [2 likes]: Bro fell off
  5. @KAZEEMJIMOH-dm7zm [1 likes]: Where is this dude at?
  6. @ReySelibio [1 likes]: i hope you can, comeback brother 🔥🙏
  7. @3510_FOREX [1 likes]: COME BACK MAN !!! Where are you 😢!
  8. @spartangamingofficial1240 [1 likes]: 2 freaking years 🙂
  9. @APEX_HUNTER4: bro u have not uploaded since 3 years that's not normal
  10. @JiHAM67: AMAZING VIDEOS 0:31
  11. @danielrivasrc: Your videos are fantastic! I'd love to collaborate with your channel, and that way I can continue growing as a content creator and pursuing my dreams. If you're open to it, I'll add you as a collaborator on my next video. Best wishes for continued success!
  12. @Sylantrix: Your detailed breakdowns of viral content provide so much technical knowledge that helps creators understand how to grow their audience effectively. 🎥💡
  13. @sharma23shivamyt: II also decoded how mr beast makes amazing videos - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CkI5s9sRZo
  14. @ItsAmaniStuff: Dunkin donuts
  15. @MemeFlowAi: 2025 any one
  16. @Guyofthewoods: can you make new videos there so good
  17. @ViewsVillain: You're my inspiration Paddy Galloway 😊🎉
  18. @SpiritualTurned: Im Watching your Videos shout me out @spiritualTurned 1:53
  19. @PTE: Nice 😊
  20. @kjsunny1998: Sir I want to ask you a small question, before that let me tell you something about myself. Me and my elder brother and with family support we started a business and that business started doing very well and it has settled well. Now I want that with my contribution I should have a face value and I want to do something big, so can I start a YouTube channel from this year 2025, will this be the best idea? By the way, I have it in my mind to make a real life success story like a documentary. I hope that you will give the right advice.

- MrBeast Shares His Best YouTube Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - If you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million subscribers within six months. Your first video is not gonna get views. Subscribers don't matter, views don't matter. I mean, they do. So stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Everything you... (beeping) Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. - [Narrator] MrBeast shares his best YouTube advice all the way from title and thumbnail secrets to growing a channel on YouTube. - It's much easier to get five million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. - [Narrator] He also reveals how he's able to hook in viewers in his videos and what he would do if he started over from scratch. - What advice would you give yourself when you were starting out? - Your videos suck. You think your videos are good, but they suck. They just do. And the sooner you learn how to make good, great videos that people actually wanna watch, the sooner you'll get views I think it's the biggest takeaway 'cause like when I was 14, I thought my videos were the best in the world. They weren't, they were terrible. Many people are making way better videos than me, but I didn't think that. And I think, you know, to be successful, you kind of have to have a little bit of that ego where you're like, you know, my content's great. You gotta believe in it, but also like if you have sub 1,000 subscribers, like there's a good probability your videos just suck. They just do, and you need to make hundreds of videos or 100 videos, I don't know. It depends on the difficulty of videos. Improve something every time and just like get to the point where they don't. When you make good content, you'll blow up. It's not the algorithm, it's not anything, it's just like most, me and most people who are in my position, you just make terrible videos and that's okay because you've gotta make a bunch of videos and improve over time to be great. Like you don't just pick up a baseball and become an MLB level athlete within a year. It takes many, many, many years and YouTube's kind of the same way. A lot of people get analysis paralysis and they'll just sit there and they'll plan their first video for three months. Any of you listening, especially if you have zero videos on your channel, your first video is not gonna give views, period. It's not, your first 10 are not gonna get views. I can very confidently say that. for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Like all you need to do, and this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber, is make 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that, and then on your 101st video, we'll start talking, like maybe you can get some views, but, you know, your first 100 are gonna suck. There are very freak cases like (MrBeast mumbling) or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them some, as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making in the NBA. Like yes, there are freak cases you can find, but for the average person like us, you know, who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know, backgrounds in filmmaking, just make 100 videos. Improve something each time. And then talk to me on your 101st video. - How do you improve something each time? - The second one just, I don't know, put more effort into the script. The third one, try to learn a new editing trick. The fourth one, try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice. The fifth one, try to, you know, study a new thumbnail tip and implement it. The sixth one, try to figure out a new title. There's infinite ways. That's the beauty of content creation online. There's literally infinite ways from the coloring, to the frame rate, to the editing, to the filming, to the production, to the jokes, to the pacing to, every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved. There's no, there's literally no such thing as a perfect video. What YouTube wants is they want people to click on a video and they wanna watch it. Like at its core that's what it is. Now you can like draw little lines and go as deep as you want and to how to get people to click and how to get people to watch. I mean essentially by studying the algorithm you'll learn that you're more studying human psychology, right? What do humans wanna watch? Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Like the algorithm didn't like that video? No, the audience didn't like that video. Literally that's it. If people are clicking and watching then it gets promoted more. And that's literally all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. To a T. And if you deny that you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat, - What makes for a good title? Short? - Not just short, it's also if someone reads it, are they like, do they have to watch it? Is it just so intrinsically interesting that it's just gonna quit them? If they don't click on it, you know what I mean? Ideally, it's a title also that you know, 'cause the titles don't live in a vacuum, right? So it has to lead into the content. So ideally the title represents content that you would wanna watch for 20 minutes. So if it's a 20 minute video and the title is I stepped on a bug, the click-through rate is gonna be much lower. And then if it was like a five second video, like even nuances of the length of the video based against the title will affect whether people want to click it, 'cause sometimes they just don't add up. I mean it's that, yes, ideally you want it below 50 characters because above 50 characters on certain devices you run the chance of it going dot, dot, dot. So like I took a light pole and I saw how many dollar bills I could stack on top and they would just go dot, dot, dot, 'cause it's too long and it can't finish it. And that's the worst thing because then people don't even know what they're clicking on. And so it's gonna do even worse. Short, simple ideally and just so freaking interesting to have to click. And it is a good segue into the content and it represents the length of the content. The more extreme the opinion, typically the higher the click through rate. If you can like pay it off in the content, then it just supercharges it, so like... - Oh so, you have a kind of estimate of the extreme. - Yeah, like this just for water, right? You're like Fiji water sucks. Yeah that'd do fine. But if you said Fiji water is the worst water I've ever drank in my life. - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Way more extreme opinion, would do way better. - [Interviewer] But you have to deliver. - Yeah but then you have to deliver 'cause the more extreme you are, the more extreme you have to be in the video. - I heard you guys talking about auto play on YouTube. - [MrBeast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail, but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. - Of course, so before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail, what is the video? And then what's the first five seconds and then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like, goes with the thumbnail. - Because it's possible that people open YouTube and they don't... - They don't see it, especially for us because like for so many people, I've watched hundreds of our videos when I upload I am first on your homepage. So like you just literally don't even see the thumbnail 'cause it auto play so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Wow, that's so interesting. - Yeah, that's why we go so hardcore. - Dude, that's so crazy. So do you consider also captions in those first five seconds? 'Cause of course people aren't... - Of course yeah, everything. Everything. Yes. 100%. - Wow, so those first five seconds, that hook is now even more important than it ever used to be. - Oh of, 100%. Yeah, before it was important because you had to convince people to watch. - Now you have to convince people to click and watch at the same time. - Whoa. - [MrBeast] With the first five seconds. - That's driving CTR now too. - It is, 100%. I roast a lot of people who like have boring first five seconds, it's brutal. Your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize dropoff, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you click on a video where you know of his, where it's like Tether is a scam and then at the very beginning he starts talking about literally anything else, then you are like, oh this is bull, this isn't what I clicked on. But if at the very start of the video you go, Tether is a scam and I'm gonna teach you why, then it's like okay, you match the expectations. So at the very beginning match the expectations and then you wanna exceed them. So you wanna assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, but you're also getting even more. That's how you lower drop off. Which a lot of people, sometimes it takes them like 20 seconds to really meet the expectations and so you lose, like that's where you're gonna lose everyone. Everyone's video start like this and then it levels off. So you wanna reduce the amount of people that click off on the audience retention graph. I hope you're popping up graphs while I'm saying this. So it's easier for people to visualize. We really should drill this home because like the number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible at the start. 'Cause like envision a chart where you lose 35% of your viewers in the first 30 seconds and then envision one where you only lose 20%, that's 15% more people that are watching you know, throughout the video than not. And it's not like you made the whole video like a bunch better. You just had a more strategic intro that hooked them. I'm showing to put this into words and like to really impose how important that is. But like that 15% difference in viewership really does make the difference between hypothetically like 2 million views on a video and like 10 in my head, the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video, like. - I can almost, I think I can quote it, I tied up an FBI agent and I have 100 thousand dollars of this bag. Here's a knife, good luck. And I just run away. - Like it gives you everything you need. - No wasted words. Short, concise, and then tension. You basically wanna remove every dull moment. You probably want to find the 10 most critical people you know, make them watch the video and just roast it. You know, certain things like, if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut, like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest. So like having a B cam and a C cam and just, you can just talk for 10 seconds but three seconds in cutting to a B cam and then a C cam, like now it's more interesting even though it's essentially the same thing and not that crazy. But you wanna have good pacing, typically having a payoff at the end, keep some, right? Last to leave the circle wins 10 grand. If there is a low moment halfway through you're gonna watch to the end 'cause you wanna see who wins the 10 grand. So having a good payoff at the end. - [Interviewer] How do you keep viewers watching and you know, happy with the video? - I would say just give them why they clicked. Tell them why they should watch and then just stick on topic. Like that right there isn't even super complex but I would already put you in the upper echelon of YouTube. Like it's hard for a lot of people, people for whatever reason, like they just drag it out. A lot of log channels do it. It's like eating 100 dollars ice cream and they'll be like, I'm going to eat 100 dollars ice cream but first and then it's like earlier in the day and it's just stuff that has nothing to do with what you clicked on. It's like them birthday shopping for their mom and it's like that's not why I came here. - Now if you're looking to grow your YouTube channel, I gotta tell you about this before we get into the rest of MrBeast's genius advice and that is that we at Think Media are doing a free YouTube challenge to help you grow your first 1000 subscribers on YouTube or make your first $1,000 on YouTube. To sign up for free, all you have to do is go to Tube1KChallenge.com or check out the link down in our description during this free challenge, Sean Cannell, the founder of Think Media, is gonna be showing you guys how to grow your YouTube channels and make money online with YouTube. So click on the link to sign up today or to check out when our next challenge is gonna be. Okay, let's get back into the video. - What's interesting is the longer people watch something, the more likely they are to keep watching. So you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front. Like even right now, we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just gonna keep listening relatively close to the end unless we just have a really boring part of this conversation. 'Cause they're just in it, they're immersed. And so a big like, to really boil it down to a simple level, you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold them there. The thing is, it's all knowledge. It really is. And like every time I say this, people debate it to the end of time on Twitter, but I don't care. Like I could start a new channel tomorrow with not using my face or my voice like without ever promoting it and in six months have 20 million subscribers. I just could, yeah, it's purely knowledge. Like if you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million views of video and you could get 10 million subscribers no matter where you are right now within six months. It really is just knowledge. And I could already tell you 90% of the people watching, they don't, they don't agree with that. They don't. And everyone has excuses and they're always like, nah, YouTube just doesn't work like that, Jimmy, you don't understand. But I mentor a lot of people. I see it even to this day, I still see it all the time. It is possible. It is simply knowledge and the second you accept that it is knowledge and you start your, for me, 10,000 day journey of learning, for you, whatever it is, if you want to be less hardcore but, and like actually figuring out, you know, what makes a good video, what does my audience want, how can I elevate? And then you take that knowledge and you just, you just assume that I will never understand what the perfect video is and every single day I just need to be devoted to learning as much as possible and improving as much as possible. And I gotta prove every video as much as I can. Then, there you go. There are tons of viral ideas that people can do that don't require money. It does not require money to go viral. Like at one point, one of my most few videos was like spending 24 hours in a desert, we just grabbed a tent, some stuff and we went in the desert and it got like 60, 70 million views. I have so many videos where we spent hardly any money, like the no food one or I'd have to pull up the channel and go through it that have gotten tens of millions of views and they would've gotten 10 plus million views even on a small channel. So people who say, oh well, I could be MrBeast if I had money. Well, A, I didn't start off with money, I was poor, I had no money and it took me like seven years just to buy a camera saving up from YouTube and B, some of our most reviews literally, like anyone can do. The best way to get views in my opinion, I think it's better to really, really focus on quality. If you're a very small YouTuber and you can upload a video a day and like all the videos be average and like none of those videos will really stand out. None of it's like epic enough where like the algorithm's gonna go, oh this video, like this video is good. Like we need to spread it, feel like a lot of small YouTubers they just post like videos that aren't bad but they're not great and they just do that and none of them ever pop off so they never get an audience where it might be better to like, you know, upload half or a third or even like a fifth of the videos but make the videos you upload so freaking good that like the algorithm has to promote it and that, you know, it has to find audiences for it, 'cause it's such an interesting and good video, when you like set a consistent schedule and you're constantly having to upload videos that aren't as good as you'd like because you gotta hit, oh this Monday, I said I'd upload every Monday. You know like that's a dangerous trap because then you know, the viewers notice that the quality isn't as good and it makes them less likely to watch. And I think it hurts your longevity. A lot of times people, oh boy, it's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly and that... - Tell them Jimmy, tell them. - I mean they do and you have to like, you have to, that and they have horrible friend groups 'cause you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. And so like a lot of times I'm just like, what you're saying is wrong, who told you this? They're like, oh, this guy, this guy. And it's like, well they're wrong. It's not true. You, there's no such thing as a perfect video. Like someone should always call you and... It on your video 'cause it could be better. Like that's because imagine if someone does that every video and you upload 100s, if not 1,000 videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're applying what they're critiquing. Like imagine the compound effect. Over that time span. It's invaluable. People think it's like, oh well, it's all like CTR and stuff like that. But a big thing that everyone... Underestimates is it's, what was your experience with your last video? If people loved your, the last video of yours that they watched, they're more likely to watch your next one. For the YouTubers watching this, when people watch your video they go, okay, that was good but like, that's enough of you for the day. Like it was all right, right? Whereas what you want is them to go, holy crap, that was crazy. Oh my god, what's that? Holy crap. That was crazy. Oh my god. And they just, and they watched 10 videos. That's what you're going for. That data can't describe and like I don't, I've never heard anyone talk about that but that, that is it. That's how you get these high view counts because people watch 10 videos, not one, you know? It's okay to draw inspiration for me but just don't do what I do to a T. - It's not like $1 versus blank. - I'm the first person to do it but I just, you know, saw that format and I was just like, how can I do that 100 times better? - Right. - How can I put 100 times more creativity into it? How can I level up the editing by 100 times? How can I spend 100 blah, blah, blah. - And that's always my mindset. How can I, like if I get inspired by something, how can I do that but 100 times better and make it my own? Whereas a lot of people are just like, oh MrBeast did that, I'm just gonna do it. - [Interviewer] Yeah, how do I make a good thumbnail? How do I get people to click my video? - [MrBeast] You want it to be simple. You want them to be able to, like when they're scrolling through their suggested or homepage or whatever touch point, you want them to instantly be able to understand what you're conveying and you want them to feel some type of emotion. You know what I mean? The way I like to phrase it is, you wanna make it so interesting or spike their curiosity or whatever emotion so much that like if they don't click it, they'll wonder, you know, when they're, before they go to bed, like what happened? Like, an example would be like if you uploaded a video, I rode a skateboard with 1000 other people on it and like people are falling off the side or whatever and I'm envisioning like a giant skateboard and people are like hanging on the side of it. Maybe it's like about to go off a big ramp. If you don't click that, you're gonna like be so curious, it's gonna be on your mind, you know? Later in the day when you're daydreaming, you're gonna think like, huh, what happened? What happened to those thousand people on that skateboard? That's kind of a mindset I think you should have when making thumbnails. - How often do you change a thumbnail on a video? Is that something, do you usually just stick with one or you try different one? - Well, so I think we, we get better at making thumbnails every year. So it's more, when I upload a thumbnail I usually think it's good and I don't change it most of the time, but what happens is like three years later I look back and I'm like, oh that's a horrible thumbnail. And so it's usually like every two years we just go back and update a lot of our older thumbnails just 'cause they're terrible. Just with like the new knowledge we have and what we've learned. And funny enough, that actually usually does help quite a bit when we update the thumbnails on old videos that they usually do see a little bit of an uptake 'cause they're just, you know, if we take an old thumbnail where it's like seeing if whatever, like 1,000, 100,000 mattresses can stop a car and it just looks terrible. And then with the new stuff I know we zoom in a little bit so it's a little more visible and make things look better. Then magically it starts doing a little bit better. 'Cause now people actually understand what it is. 'cause I'm not as much of an idiot anymore. In 10 years, YouTube's gonna be bigger than television ever was for culture in America, at least in my opinion. And so I think a lot of people underestimate that and people, I don't think people really understand just how like, to be a, one of the top creators on the biggest social media platform and that and that will also be the biggest in 10 years during that whole time. Like the amount of value and how crazy that is. Like you don't need a network, you don't need, you know, to go through people. You just are, you can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild. It's mind blowing. And you can leverage that to build businesses or you know, like do things like Beast Philanthropy or whatever. I think like people don't realize just how much influence the top YouTube channels have. No one's ever gonna do what I do better than me. Like it's just not, it's not even humanly possible. Like I reinvest every penny I make. - I work every hour I'm awake, I devote every atom in my brain to solving this. I hire the best people on the planet. I've been doing this for 14 years and I think in decades, not years. So I'm gonna be doing this for another 20, 30 years, not two or three. So no, the next me isn't gonna be me because no one's gonna do It's not possible. If I thought someone was doing better than me, I'd just start sleeping less so I could work even more. Like I'd figure it out, I don't get... - The barrier to entry to be you is extremely high. - Yeah. - Right? Especially where you're at now. - Well it's 'cause I'm all in. I'm crazy. Like people shouldn't be me. I don't have a life, I don't have work life balance. I, my personality, my soul, my being is making the best videos possible, entertaining my fans as best as I can. Like that is why I exist on this planet. And I don't recommend it. You know, mean like, you should have work-life balance. You should not devote your entire life to this one thing. Like go have fun. Like, you know, I'm miserable a lot of times I have a mental breakdown every other week 'cause I push myself so hard. Like I don't recommend it, you know? - What do you think gets us to a million subscribers? - Well, subscribers is an arbitrary, so a million that doesn't matter. - A million views of videos. - You should ask me what helps us make the best videos possible. That's the only question you should ask me. Subscribers don't matter. Views don't matter. I mean they do. - But all that comes, everything you... Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. But it's easier to, you know, make thumbnails, the video part's the hard part. And that's the thing that you're known for. Ask how can I make my videos better? Do that every single day for years. And then you'll probably get views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [422 likes]: What was your favorite take away from this video? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Firegod-Gaming1 [1 likes]: 🔥
  3. @MssJoker1 [1 likes]: When I  made my Youtube channel many years ago, I did not even planned to uploading videos for others to watch and becoming a youtuber or something. I just uploaded them because for myself to watch them later. But it is a very good thing if someone has talent to become a real Youtuber and making really interesting and enjoyable videos what other people enjoys to watch. I know exactly that I'm not too creative and I do not know how to edit videos, cut and attach them. So I do not even expect that anyone will ever subscribe to my channel. LOL
  4. @Memoshawi: Great
  5. @Benjibm: I posted my first short today! I gained my first 1 subscriber! I’m so happy 🎉.. haha x
  6. @TrulyElite-r: I believe l will go viral
  7. @DJ.P.Murray11: 30 subscribers here❤❤❤❤
  8. @AlvinaGachuguEnt: I started on YouTube in 2011...
Consistency has been my biggest issue.
Hopefully, this year, I make it right.
I've improved... immensely.
  9. @zeorankz: Wow
  10. @citcotyoB: i wanna give up, but this got reccomeneded, that means i can't give up
  11. @Queeniedreamy1: I’m on 443  quite happy  about it
  12. @adjlist: Get to work and start uploading. Create create create.
  13. @stronghousewife: 39 subscriber 😢
  14. @VenomBoyzGarage: Mr beast a pitt county boy making NC look good i have a small channel next county over in martin ...Would love to pick his brain on how to grow maybe get bigger an we can do something together for charity as eastern NC Boyz...
  15. @Richboss1-l5i: Amazing video I think this is the most interesting video I ever watched great encouragement u give me hope that I can continue to my dreams to make this become my biggest income
  16. @Richboss1-l5i: Wow thanks you so much for the update on how to become a better YouTuber 😮😊
  17. @CommentChaos_1: Good advise
  18. @TheSparkCinema1: Thanks brother ❤
  19. @ToonedOut-o1u: ❤❤
  20. @diamondoma247: If funny how I’m just seeing the advice now😂, I know that I’m not alone in this😂.

- How I Get Over 100,000,000 Views Per Video: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be showing you how you can get access to all my YouTube Secrets everything I use to get over 100 million views a video and the answer is my brand new website that I just launched views.com so if you go to views.com you'll see this right here and you can enter in any YouTube channel you want I'm going to put in Mr Beast my channel boom and when you search a channel it will pull up their Channel page which basically allows you to see the analytics of any channel another thing you can see on a Channel's analytics page that I don't think you can find anywhere else on the Internet is you can see how many views on that channel are coming from long form versus short form let's say a Channel's popping off and getting a billion views a month well if they're getting a billion views a month from short that is completely different than if they're getting a billion views a month from long form and so being able to distinguish the difference is huge and everything you see there is just the beginning because if you hit this videos tab here you can click on any video on my channel we'll just do this ages 1 through 100 decides video you can see the daily viewership for specifically that video right here and you can see every time we Swit the thumbnails with this little icon of ab thumbnail test on top of that you can see what it ranked out of 10 no joke you just click here and then it will show you that that video is 4 out of 10 so without view stats if you wanted to see out of 10 how well a video performed on a channel you couldn't unless you had access to their creator Studio but now you can see any video on all of YouTube what it ranks out of 10 which I thought was pretty cool on top of that you can also see every single AV thumbnail test ran on that video the next tab is called similar channels and this is insane this tab takes your content okay and it looks at all the titles and the content you're making and then it Compares it across our giant data set and shows you other channels that make similar content to you that way if you're looking for someone to collab or you just want to get some inspiration off of people who make similar content it is incredibly easy and we didn't just stop there basically if you go up to the top of view stats you can hit Top subscribers and what it will show you in real time is the most subscribed to YouTube channels on the platform and obviously you can see the most viewed YouTube channels those are pretty standard but where it gets very cool you can also see the top 50 most videos from the previous day you can also see the most of videos on the whole platform in the last 7 days last 28 days even and this is crazy the last year those are all the top charts we currently offer and we're working tirelessly to get more up here we also have a view stats Chrome extension that if you go to the Chrome Store and type in view stats all you have to do is hit add to Chrome just like any other extension hit ADD extension and once you install it whenever you're watching Youtube you'll have this view stats overlay to the right of the video and if you look on the right side of the video now you you'll see an overlay on the video that shows you the daily viewership of the video you can hit compare compare it to my most recent video on my channel you can hit ranking and see what it ranked out of 10 when I uploaded it you can see the overview of my channel and so much more all without having to leave YouTube everything I've showed you so far is 100% free but we didn't just stop here we wanted to build some even crazier tools that we're putting behind view stats Pro because these things literally cost millions of dollars to operate and I can't afford to give them away for free on the free site with everything else and view stats Pro is going to blow your mind and I'm going to explain it to you now the first tool I want to show you guys is called outliers and what outlier means is if you have a Channel with let's say 10,000 subscribers and they get 100 views on their first video 100 views on their second video but their fourth video gets 100,000 views that fourth video got a thousand times the views of the other three videos it didn't just go viral randomly it either was a good title thumbnail the content something something about that video was special that caused it to do multiples better than the channel average which is why we label that in outlier and we store all of them here so you can use them for inspiration on top of that we built a very robust filtering system you can say I only want to see outliers that have over a million views on channels over 100,000 subscribers that did at least 10x the average views on that channel in the last 90 days that was a lot of filters and boom look at how quick that loaded and all those parameters are now in place we went all out on this outlier tool to make it as easy as possible for you to just brainstorm viral ideas and grow your viewership now I'm going to show you the second tool on view stats Pro and I got to sit up for this one cuz it's going to blow your mind okay I don't even know how we built this it's called thumbnail search and you can type in whatever you want and it will pull up thumbnails for you to get inspired off of okay let's say I'm a farmer and I want to do a video on my tractor I'm just going to type in something very descriptive a person standing next to a tractor right let's say I filmed a video of my tractor and I want thumbnail inspiration all you got to do is hit enter and then boom this will show you every thumbnail on YouTube that has a person standing next to a tractor I think this thumbnail right here that I'm hovering my mouse over it's pretty interesting and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit search by thumbnail and now it's going to pull up a bunch of other thumbnails that were similar to that giant tractor thumbnail in this hypothetical scenario where I'm role playing as a farmer making a video on my tractor I now have good inspiration on how I could angle the camera to make the tractor look big and on what would do well also you don't have to type in something you can also just search by an image and if you're ever on YouTube and you see a thumbnail you like you can just copy the URL to the video and paste it there and search with that thumbnail as well we thought of every single use case and put it all into here the third tool behind view stats Pro is called AB test and what you're looking at now is every single AB thumbnail test currently being ran on YouTube we all know about AB thumbnail tests you upload a couple thumbnail options YouTube tests them all out and it tells you which one's the best and why I think this tool would be valuable for you guys is instead of you having to run dozens or hundreds or thousands of ab thumbnail test across all your videos on the channel to learn about what people want and don't want what if instead you could just see every single AB thumbnail test every other YouTuber is running and you can just study those and apply their findings to your channel and save a ton of time you can type into this search bar whatever you want let's say Minecraft you know if you're a Minecraft Creator and this will show you all the most recent AB thumbnail tests ran on Minecraft channels so we can scroll through here looks like Preston ran an a thumbnail test he tried this Blood Blaze forgot son blood farm and it looks like forgotten Sun one so I'm going to type in Ryan trean my boy Ryan how you doing his newest video is I tried every seat on the most expensive Airline these were his three thumbnail options he had 24/7 service with him laying in a bed he had sleep pod $54 and then he had economy slfirst class and the winner was the economy first class one which the interesting part about this tool is if you went to my channel I did a similar video like this like a year before he did and if you look at our AB thumbnail test the split in half economy first class one also won for me so this is an example how Ryan could have looked at my ab thumbnail test saw what worked and applied it to his channel and saved time and you can see every single one of these tests with view stats Pro and learn from the millions of dollars I spent making these thousands of thumbnails and testing them on my channel our fourth view stats pro tool is alerts this one's a little more straightforward than the other ones but incredibly useful if you use it correctly you can set an alert for anything you'd want let's say I know later this year I'm going to do a video where I bu the world's largest treehouse I can create an alert with the title I built I'll set it where it shows me anytime my video gets over a million views I just want long not shorts and then I hit create and then what it will do is it will show me every video on all of YouTube that has over a million views with ibuilt in the title currently and then it will alert me in the future anytime another video meets that threshold you can use this so if something happens in your Niche or vertical or whatever you're in real time updated and you don't have to live on YouTube our fifth tool is collection which basically ties all the other tools together in one spot let's say when you're using the outlier tools you like an idea you just hit this thing in the top right of the idea and then you just hit add new collection title It Whatever Minecraft and basically whether you're using alerts thumbnail search outliers it allows you to store all the data that you're finding across view stats Pro and one spot for later and we're not just stopping with these five tools with view stats Pro we have over a dozen tools that we're planning on launching over the next year click the link in description or go to views.com Ford SL Pro I feel like a weight is now off my shoulder we've been working on this for so long and to finally launch all these tools just H I just can't wait to hear what you guys think of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast2 [8300 likes]: Head over to https://viewstats.com/pro and sign up today! #ViewStatsPartner
  2. @JasonPawn [314 likes]: Good luck to new youtubers in 2025 ❤
  3. @Midnight_Bytes0 [53 likes]: wow, i didn't know this existed
  4. @dawnniemercado [42 likes]: This looks amazing! I am so excited to finally be learning directly from the master himself.  You are so giving and do so much in terms of philanthropy. Thank you for not gate keeping this amazing intel.  🥰🥰🎭🎭🔥🔥 Hard breaking in, at 58 YouTuber/Actor here.  Love this new tool!
  5. @thefactstory98 [38 likes]: Support me please please please please please please 😢😢😢😢
  6. @eternocuriosochannel [29 likes]: Com muita persistência vou conseguir! 💪💪
  7. @MrTioFeliz [29 likes]: Thank you, Jimmy
  8. @EZR [24 likes]: Thanks Jimmy. You upgraded my life today ⏫
  9. @PromptVerseYT [21 likes]: wow thanks bro
  10. @Jgkgkgig-t5b [17 likes]: Aalu khaoge😂😂🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔
  11. @NaylaAfrin [16 likes]: ্Thanks for 97 subscribers
  12. @A_L-polit [11 likes]: Thanks Jimmy, that's really cool.
  13. @jamestateIII [11 likes]: Im going to start buying his food in grocery stores. He good people he makes crazy videos...BUT he's actually very charitable too and this instruction video has blown me away.  Im so happy to have these tools...im going to check itnall outnnd pay a subscription to PRO more than likely.
  14. @CatGrandRapidsCatGrandRapids [10 likes]: GOOD
  15. @cimbomedit-11 [8 likes]: Thanks man
  16. @QuenjackFamilia [3 likes]: Nice to meet you
  17. @OliverMarley [2 likes]: This should be the homepage for @youtube
  18. @insanoblox2 [2 likes]: Eres el mejor
  19. @NirobMonddal [1 likes]: 135survive film
  20. @Tanhung_Gameming [1 likes]: Tôi đã đăng hơn 1000 video và vẫn chưa đủ điều kiện bật kiếm tiền..tôi biết có nhiều cách nhưng tôi muốn chơi đúng luật..tôi không sợ thất bại và không bao giờ từ bỏ

- 6 Audience Retention Tactics Genius YouTubers Use: Kind: captions Language: en what's a good audience retention rate to go for 70% that's what you need if it's below that figure out how to get higher 70% do even the best creators get those kind of [Music] numbers well they do here's an audence retention graph from one of Mr BEAST's video and one from Logan Paul's video now there are two things to notice here one overall both the creators were able to get a retention rate between 60 to 80% two if you notice a 30second mark both the creat were able to retain 75 to 85% of Their audience within the first 30 seconds which is phenomenal so I decided to watch hours of their content and connect the dots between viewer psychology Creator tactics and the evolution of Hollywood films and in this video I'll talk about one why do viewers drop off two what do top creators do to keep their viewers hooked and three why do those retention tactics actually work what's the science behind them for those who are new to the world of content audence retention explains how well was your video able to retain the attention of the viewers during the course of the video for example a 10-minute video with a 60% audience retention rate means that typically a viewer was watching that video for about 6 minutes now that we have the basics out of the way let's jump to why audience retention as a metric is so important audience retention combined with the click-through rate has an impact on how many views your video will be getting there are other factors as well but as Mr Beast explains it in this video I think YouTube just wants people to click on a video and watch it to me what's important is Click theate getting people to click on your video and then average view duration average view percentage or just relative retention and you know having them watch it in this clip getting clicks refers to getting a good clickthrough rate on your title and your thumbnail and the second Factor about views talks about increasing your watch time both factors combined it signals the algorithm that this video is worth promoting to a bigger audience so what really makes makes viewers drop off from a video to understand this we need to think about the viewer's journey no matter where the viewer gets exposed to the title or the thumbnail of your video the purpose of these two elements Remains the Same which is to make a promise and that promise sets an expected payoff in the minds of the viewers if you think in terms of a graph as long as the expected payoff value is high that is close to one the viewers will continue to watch the video the moment the tune out or start doubting the expected value of the video they drop off so as creators our goal is to proactively address those doubts so the million-dollar question is what are those doubts and when do they kick in so the first doubt kicks in almost right after the viewer clicks on the video is the video about what I think it is to tackle this doubt the top creators rely on a couple of tactics the first tactic is to maintain visual consistency between the thumbnail and the first 5 Seconds of the video to see this in action let's jump to YouTube's homepage and take a look at one of Mr BEAST's video if you notice what Mr Beast does here is that the first 5 Seconds of the video literally open up from the thumbnail itself thanks to YouTube's Sleek ux the viewer is able to get a sneak peek of the video without even clicking on it or even hearing any of the audio this convinces the viewer that the title or the thumbnail is not a clickbait and the video is exactly what they think it is about the consistency across these three elements that is the title the thumbnail and the first 5 Seconds of the video they help set the right expected payoff in the minds of the viewers and that gives them a reason not to drop off within the first 5 Seconds of the video so in our next video we need to make sure that there is some level of consistency between the Seconds of the video and bonus points if you overlay some keywords within the first 5 Seconds of the video because the viewers don't really hear the audio when they get a sneak peek of the video on YouTube's homepage the second tactic related to this doubt is to reinforce the base concept right at the start of the video let's listen to the very first sentence of these videos from some of the top here do I'm going to spend the next 7 Days buried alive under 20,000 lb of dirt off the world you've been hearing about F12 right cool let's talk about it have you ever wondered what it would be like to drive across the country using only Tesla autopipe here are some of the things we'll be looking at I'm about to spend $30,000 in the next 5 minutes buying the most futuristic Tech on the internet and then we're going to test it to find out if it actually is the future or if it's all just marketing nonsense do you see a pattern you got that right it's as simple as clear clearly calling out what the video is about as long as it ties back to the expectations set by the title and the thumbnail you just reinforce the expected payoff value so how can we use this tactic as a general rule of thumb within the first few sentences clearly articulate what the video is about moving on to the next doubt which is is there anything unique about this video to address this doubt the creators do two things the first thing that the creators do is they don't tell but show the viewers why this is a video that they just can't miss depending on the genre of the video the execution of this tactic will change a bit for example in the grand challenges genre Mr Beast relies on showing what is at stake or giving a glimpse of something extraordinary to get you hooked whereas in the edutainment genre like explainer videos done by Cleo abam she gives a glimpse into an interview or an interesting Insight that was done to create that particular video the idea being that depending on your genre and the audience that you have you give them a trailer of sorts of what's to follow in that video and why this video is unmissable so when you're planning for your next video and thinking about the visuals that you would have at the start of the video think about how can you give a trailer visually of what the video would include some high notes of it without revealing the entire thing if it's a challenge video then probably you can tease the viewers by mentioning about the secondary Stakes or if it's a product review video mention that apart from the review itself you will talk about one relatively unknown feature of the product which will keep the expected payoff value super high high and give them a reason to stick around and watch the rest of the video going back to the second out which was about is there anything unique in this video here's the second thing that the top creators do which is they over stimulate the viewers with a lot of visuals I did some research on this and for that I watched hours of content from some of the top creators to understand how do they really construct the first 30 seconds of their video here are the top three insights number one they change the shot in some manner or form every 1.7 7 Seconds number two on average they were about 19 shots in the first 30 seconds and number three less than 1 in five shots was a simple talking head kind of a shot or b-roll footage reinforcing the base concept of the video mind you this included creators from all kinds of genas productivity explainer challenge you name it the idea is to throw a barrage of hooks at the viewer with the hopes that they would latch onto one of them which would instantly Drive the payoff value of the video and keep them watching the video so when you Crea in your next video during the editing phase do a few things number one literally count the number of times you're changing your shot during the first 30 seconds aim to get an average short length duration to somewhere around 2 seconds or less number two check what percentage of your shots are actually you talking to the camera directly try to have your face in less than 20% of the shots in the first 30 seconds on that note I would like to know how many shots on average do you have in the first 30 seconds of your video you can put that number in the comment section now if you were able to retain your viewer within the first 30 seconds of the video you have won half the battle as the probability of viewers dropping off from this point on declines significantly thanks to a psychological concept called the sunk cost fallacy where in the context of the viewer the longer they have watched the video for the more resistance they feel in dropping off from the video mainly because the time that they have invested in watching the video till that point and and with that we jump to the main doubt that viewers have is there anything else left to watch in this video this is way I noticed the genius Creator is doing something very different versus the other creators the first thing that the top creators do very deliberately is breaking sensory monotony using various pattern interrupts and there's a wide range of tools to choose from the most common one is to change the background in this video you will notice how vanisa Lao breaks the visual monotony by simply changing the setting in which she's filming herself the next one is text overlays in this video you will notice how Ali abdal relies on literally a slide to kind of reinforce the concepts that he's talking about the next one is much simpler to execute it's just about switching between different camera angles this is something saman Colin heavily rely on to break the visual monotony for the viewers another commonly used method is by relying on b-roll footage like Cleo does in this video if you notice in this video she's just not talking about the concept but also visually displaying what the concept really is about do you know where else do we see this in action Hollywood as per research by psychologist at Cornell University the average short length of English movies in the last 8 years has declined from 12 seconds all the way down to 2.5 seconds today the only purpose of doing this is to hold the attention of the viewers much better to action this you can do it in Two Steps step one Beyond The 30second Mark take a look at your edit overall make sure sure there's something changing every 5 to 10 seconds step two ask one of your friends to watch the rough edit of your video see where exactly do they lose their focus in the video and check if a pattern interrupt may be the solution for it or even if you are required to trim down the video from that particular segment that may be the next step next going back to solving for the same doubt is there anything more that I need to watch in this video the second tactic that these stop creators use is that they augment the main story with a suppot here's what Mr Beast has to say on this it's very hard with a single storyline if you're doing like a double digit minute video to just have that one thing grip their entire attention throughout the whole video and pay off at the end um so typically if you're doing a longer video you should introduce like a Side Story and like re you should have some plan halfway through like to re-engage them so they don't just get bored you know what I mean like and let's see how Mr Beast implements this in his own videos I tied up an FBI agent if he steals this $100,000 from me before midnight he keeps it so that's the main concept of the video the subplot of the video is now there's a giant telephone pole blocking the exit we're now at the Hedge base and I got the $100,000 we're heading to Walmart where I'm going to try to blend in with normal people there's a pickax back here and while they're inside searching for me you need to pop all the tires on their car to strand them and you were thinking this would not apply to an explainer video take a look at this one in this video Cleo's main story line is the tool I'm using isn't going to go find pictures on line and then collage them together it's going to create a brand new image you've probably heard of this thing it's a form of artificial intelligence called do do it's called do 2 image generating artificial intelligence and a upla is we set up a little competition I think we should try and do a city skyline without AI first and then we should do like the AI version the absolute best storytellers make their stories engaging by having a sub plot within their base plot as a Creator during the concept phase think about what can be a subplot that can help you drive the main story line for each genre the execution of this concept may look different but that is when you need to look at how are the top creators in your Niche implementing this concept and it may give you some ideas if you like the video so far hit the like And subscribe button because I plan on making more such videos and I want you to be the first one to know about it feel free to use this graphic when you're planning for your next video you can download it from the link in the description for absolutely free until then see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @CreatorTalkYT [82 likes]: Hey, thank you for the amazing feedback! You can also have this eBook handy the next time you are planning for your video. It covers the main sections of the video as well as includes excerpts of scripts from some of the top creators like Cleo Abram, Ali Abdaal and MrBeast as examples. 

And it's FREE to download! Here is the link: https://creatortalk.gumroad.com/l/retentioncheatsheet
  2. @hiwoligo-music [1 likes]: 2026 now simple and long videos is on top
  3. @LizZayAdventures [1 likes]: This was super useful. Thanks!
  4. @RahfeN [1 likes]: That's a SUPERB video, nice research and presentation, 100 out of 10!
  5. @seanjackewicz9958 [1 likes]: My first 30 sec has been 3! I'm going to change this up now.
  6. @MoneyGistUK [1 likes]: "Keep talking head shots to less than 20% of your video..."
Me, looks at entire channel made up of talking head videos 😢
  7. @Learn_a_little_things: thanks just thanks! this helped a lot
  8. @StiDesousa: https://youtu.be/gLSmuDpc4tk?si=n0WqHxpWCVUhWoKq
  9. @Safwan_Isa: very good guidance and follow by example to make us fully appreciate your detail analysis. will definitely try. thanks
  10. @GamingWithJollyRoger: Good stuff Thx a lot!
  11. @marisaelenenadiejamusiccom3974: Because people are getting used to watching poor contents and I’m speaking about the movies that you’re talking about the movies today are very very poorly produced and if people become used to not having a large attention span then this is why it might affect content in the future, I think people should concentrate on creating excellent aesthetic, creative content, and not carrying as much as how much money you can make unfortunately
  12. @yash_nair: amazing insights
  13. @maketheswitchtoN2: Audience Retention doesn't matter when Spam View Bots destroy Audience Retention by leaving video after a view is counted repeatedly destroying Audience Retention.
  14. @nocodelogic: These are great tips.
  15. @itsdogoflani: Wow. Absolutely amazing insights from you. Thanks for the information.
  16. @sacredorderofwriters: The information in this video is absolutely surreal, incredibly helpful! And you did so much research... Thank you so much.
  17. @johnligma2006: thanks bro, this is very much needed!
  18. @FixLabUS1: Good tips good editing and surely helpful, i knew that work hard on the first 30 sec of the video is crucial almost the most important part of the video, I believe I learned a few new things too. BTW I would say i average 10/12 clips in the first 30 secs .
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This breakdown of the psychology behind viewer retention is incredibly helpful. The point about visual consistency between thumbnail and the first 5 seconds really clicked for me - it's such a simple but powerful way to reduce that initial doubt. Thanks for making this so actionable!
  20. @basically-0010: just putting it out there, this is the first video of yours that i saw and i subbed 2 mins in

- How MrBeast Solved YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast has solved YouTube retention hitting the golden Benchmark of 70 retention with every video he makes 70 that's what you need but how does Mr Beast reach this magic number to find out I spent a week closely studying as many Mr Beast interviews videos and tweets as I could find and I started to realize something Baird across his content Mr Beast has revealed the exact framework he applies to each of his videos to get their attention so high and it starts with the first five seconds of the video before I Rush the hell out of people who like have boring first five seconds here's how Mr Beast approaches this crucial time frame essentially your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize drop-off you want to assure them that those expectations are being met Mr Beast is very clear that in the first five seconds of a video you need to meet the expectations of your viewer and to do that he applies a two-step formula to the very beginning of every one of his videos first his first sentence matches his title and second his first shot matches his thumbnail let's take a look at an example check out the title and thumbnail for this video in the thumbnail there's a close-up of Mr Beast with views of an icy Antarctica behind him the primary colors used are red white and blue the title of the video is I survived 50 hours in Antarctica now let's take a look at the first five seconds of the video he just landed Antarctica we're gonna survived the next 50 hours here did you catch it the very first shot closely resembles the thumbnail there are Snowy Mountains a blue sky a close-up of Mr Beast and the primary colors are red white and blue and Mr B's first sentence he just landed Antarctica we want to survived the next 50 hours here very closely matches his title let's take a look at another example this video is titled ages 1 through 100 fight for five hundred thousand dollars the thumbnail depicts a close-up of Mr Beast in front of a hundred people in red jumpsuits the main colors used here are red white and black now let's take a look at the first five seconds behind me are 100 people and they range from the H1 all the way through age 100. the first shot matches the concept of the thumbnail Mr Beast close up with a mass of people in red jumpsuits behind him the next shot further illustrates the point with all 100 people lined up in order of age and the first sentence behind me are 100 people and they range from the age one all the way through age 100. match is the first part of the title by using the first five seconds to immediately match the title and thumbnail Mr Beast minimizes drop off from the very get-go and if you're wondering about the second part of that title don't worry we'll get to that next because after applying is two-step formula to the first five seconds of this video Mr beast moves on to the first 20 seconds and this is where it gets interesting because to keep the retention up throughout the entire hook the first 20 seconds of each of Mr BEAST's videos contain the same Three core elements he provides context he introduces the stakes or payoff and he creates a curiosity Gap let's hop back to the ages 1 through 100 video to see each of these elements in action we last left off this video after he showed 100 people see if you can follow along and I've trapped each of them in their very own glass cubes go the last one to leave their cube is going to win half a million dollars the challenge has officially begun let's see which age is the best in the first 20 seconds Mr Beast has provided context about the video setup has introduced a juicy payoff which by the way finishes meeting the expectations from the title and thumbnail and creates a curiosity Gap that entices viewers to stick around and wait to the end to figure out which age wins he does all of that in less than 20 seconds but it doesn't stop there because in addition to those three core elements there's actually one more secret element that Mr P supplies to every one of his hooks he alludes to it here so at the very beginning match the expectations and then you want to exceed them so you want to assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like what you're also getting even more it's not enough to Simply match the expectations set by the title and thumbnail to get that retention through the roof Mr Beast exceeds those expectations how does he do that it's simple he puts in effort a lot of people though they underestimate effort and videos viewers aren't stupid they can tell when you you know half ass I don't know if I'm allowed to curse a video or if you like really put an effort and like if they can tell you're putting in a lot of effort when Mr Beast talks about effort what he's really doing is leveraging something called input bias which is the idea that the more input we put into something whether that be time or energy or cost the more we'll value it as an example of input bias if we pay 50 for a bottle of wine we'll value that more than if we had paid twenty dollars for the same bottle of wine and leveraging this bias is a special sauce that makes Mr beasts hooks so retentive if we revisit the first 20 seconds of the ages 1 through 100 video we can see input bias being leveraged starting here this shot is masterful in one glance you instantly get the sense that an immense amount of time effort and money has gone into the making of this video the next few seconds heightens this effect showing the full magnitude of all the effort that went into the video This is how Mr Beast not only meets the expectation that 100 people will find fight for 500k but exceeds that expectation by showing how much work was put into this idea now I know what you're probably thinking how can you leverage input bias when you don't have a Mr Beast budget well you don't need a huge Warehouse or a flashy set to trigger input bias I did it in the beginning of this video did you catch it to find out I spent a week closely studying as many Mr Beast interviews videos and tweets I could find at the beginning of this video I specifically mentioned how much time I spent researching for this video my editing shows a high degree of effort as well as a result you as a viewer hopefully started to value my video more because you could tell how much work I put into it the other elements of Mr BEAST's hooks aren't exclusive to Mr B's Style videos either see if you can spot them in the hook to this video Mr Beast has solved YouTube retention hitting the golden Benchmark of 70 retention with every video he makes 70 that's what you need but how does Mr Beast reach this magic number to find out I spent a week closely studying as many Mr Beast interviews videos into as I could find and I started to realize something Baird across his content Mr Beast has revealed the exact framework he applies to each of his videos to get their attention so high and it starts with the first five seconds of the video now my hook is nowhere near perfect and it makes one big mistake that Mr Beast is always careful to avoid each of his intros is always no longer than 20 seconds long Mr Beast knows that the largest drop-off happens during the hook so he jumps into the action as soon as possible in his ages 1-100 video he says the challenge has officially begun let's see which age is the best at the 12th second one in his video comparing the one dollar yacht to the one billion dollar yacht his experience of the one dollar yacht starts at the 18 second Mark for Mr Beast jumping to the action usually means starting the first Challenger experience for a video like mine it could mean jumping into the first point regardless Mr B starts the body of his video no later than 20 seconds in because he knows the sooner the retention curve starts to level off the better the question then becomes how do you keep the retention curve level what is Mr B's secret to retention curves that look like this versus these steadily declining line that so many of us are familiar with as it turns out it's not one secret it's three and it starts with visual variety when it comes to visuals Mr Beast is quite clear where he stands if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest to avoid this Mr abuse maintains visual variety with a cut at least every three to five seconds to break things up one of the best examples of this is in his Antarctica survival video take a look at the timing of his Cuts during this clip oh my gosh oh don't slip oh this is wild I'm so terrified there's a drop to my right if I fall backwards I roll for 2000 feet oh really what we're 30 hours in oh it's yes this is a huge Cliff no joke no joking if we fall down there we die yeah 100 the process of hiking a mountain could have easily become quite boring but by using eight different shots within 20 seconds of footage Mr Beast is able to hold your attention throughout the entire process of climbing a mountain and you don't need expensive drones or multiple cameramen to pull this off if you do talking head videos could you put another camera at an angle and then switch between the two to add variety alternatively if you're like me and are too broke to afford two cameras you can incorporate different levels of scale zooming in and out in between Clips to keep things visually Dynamic but even the most frequent changes in camera angles still can't make walking in a steep line interesting forever attention spans are shorter than they've ever been a fact that Mr Beast is quite aware of it's very hard with a single storyline if you're doing like a double digit minute video to just have that one thing drip their entire attention throughout the whole video and at payoff at the end and that's where secret number two comes in consistent contrast instead of an entire 12 minute video featuring an Antarctic Trek Mr Beast breaks things up using contrast from the moment Mr Beast sets off on his hike a Side Story is introduced now operation bull come on for the duration of the hike to break up stretches of Mr BEAST's Mountain Journey the viewers periodically taken back to base camp to see the boys digging a hole the contrast between the intensity of a frigid climb and the tomfoolery the base camp Shenanigans prevents the snowy footage from Ever Getting stale and before you start thinking but Side Stories don't work for my particular style of video there are other ways to incorporate contrast for a talking head video like this one I try to do this by blending footage of me talking with clips from Mr BEAST's videos or interviews hopefully that contrast prevents you from getting too bored of my talking head now is it working I hope so and while visual variety and consistent contrast are integral components of Mr Beast videos the final secret to the body of his videos is the most retentive of them all the final secret is good pacing this is a concept often stated broadly but rarely seen in detail so let's get real specific most videos look like this at the beginning of the video there is high energy from your hook at the end of the video there's high energy from your payoff but this middle bit is low energy in comparison steadily declining in energy until the Boost from the payoff at the end in comparison Mr BEAST's videos look like this with frequent cycles of high and low energy what do I mean by high and low energy it depends on the video in Mr Beast one dollar versus one billion dollar yacht video each cycle is the experience of a new tier of yacht the cycle starts with a high energy exciting introduction of new yacht followed by the lower energy of the act of exploring the yacht followed by a new cycle with a new exciting yacht introduction this keeps the pacing up throughout the entire duration of the video right up until the final high energy payoff of the billion dollar yacht at the end each of Mr B's Cycles tends to be between two to four minutes long from start to finish with the shorter Cycles towards the front of the video and longer Cycles towards the back of the video the slower more emotional parts of Mr abuse videos are reserved for the last 20 of his videos with the beginning allocated for lighter content and of course the concept of energy cycling for good pacing is not unique to Mr B's Style videos for this video each new retention tactic I mentioned starts a new cycle with the cycle starting with the high energy introduction of a new tactic followed by the lower energy of explaining and giving examples followed by a new cycle with a new tactic the use of energy cycling keeps miservous retention as flat as possible until the very end of his video and when it comes to those final seconds well they're more important than most people give them credit for most people tend to see long drop-offs at the end of their videos which hurts their overall retention but Mr Beast keeps his retention up right until his final ad read to do this he applies a two-part equation first he reveals a big payoff and second he makes sure to end the videos on a high note whether that be a dramatic wholesome or funny to see this in action check out the end of the ages 1 through 100 video I don't think it's in there I think I'm going to pick my case you're going to keep this locked in all right Joe what is inside your briefcase [Music] [Applause] literally said he had it oh my gosh what a crazy funny what is wrong with you he told the truth and he got it we said all along good guys can win so it pays off to be honest even though you didn't win we still want to give you ten thousand dollars in your family a trip to Disneyland uh you're still gonna go we took items Mr B's eyes when Audrey because he is contractually obvious to do so but regardless you're still left with the high of the big half a million dollar payoff and the wholesomeness of the loser still being gifted ten thousand dollars and a trip to Disneyland of course you don't need to Shell out thousands of dollars in each of your videos but to ensure your viewers leave your videos wanting to come back for more and on a high note you'd think that would be the end right but no despite being so intentional about every component of the video in the first five seconds the first 20 to the body until the very end Mr B still has one final secret he applies to hit that 70 retention after the entire video is made from start to finish Mr peace will go back and cut out every doll moment how does he identify these doll moments simple he'll have 10 fans of roses videos and he'll watch people watch his videos he trusts his friends to not hold back when shelling out criticism and when watching people watch his videos he looks specifically for when they get bored or reach for their phones he'll go back to those moments in his videos and either rework them or cut them completely and that's how Mr Beast solved retention here's the full guide to Mr B's retention solution and don't forget to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @AprilynneAlter [137 likes]: Because people have been asking for it: Here's the PDF version of the complete guide! Hope you find it useful! https://www.aprilynnealter.com/pl/2147832359
  2. @AwesomeKidsSongs [1 likes]: Thank you so much! As a small channel still struggling to grow, I learned a lot from your videos that boiled down so much useful information and insight. Watched all the way through 3 of your videos so far, would love to go on watching more. Awesome work! Really appreciate it! ❤🎉
  3. @mommyme2000 [1 likes]: You are amazing! I watched the whole thing, subscribed and checked out your PDF!
  4. @AndrewVish: Brilliant! Thank you
  5. @KfactRad: retention editing at the intro lol
  6. @We.Are.I.M.P.C.T: This was a fantastic video! Glad I watched the whole thing!
  7. @RoadWarz-Viral: very good straight to the point video, well deserved 226k views
  8. @Infamous_wu13: im barely at 50% wth
  9. @glutenfreegardener: to be honest, I don't watch mr beast videos because all the quick cuts give me a headache. I really appreciate how tastefully you edit your videos and keep up the great work :)
  10. @mrscarter55: Thank you.. you definitely did the work
  11. @Dpuli2: Excellent
  12. @info.avdeshmukh: you are so amazing,....thanks for such a great video and insights
  13. @Linguini_1994: I didn’t match the hook with the title of my latest video and I feel bad. It’s already scheduled to be uploaded. You live and learn. Won’t be making that mistake again.
  14. @marianafranco5508: going to use allll your tips in your 90 day challenge! such a good video full of useful information, thank you so much!
  15. @Theodorask: Watched it 1 year ago, watching it again 1 year later
  16. @Inmotion70: Congrats on your 100k milestone!!!!
  17. @TheMutedVish: you're very good at this analysing pattern ❤
  18. @WOLF01001: Thank you miss
  19. @Jewelivia: How did you write the script for this video and how did you read it so well?
  20. @techstash2060: my girl may I know what your audience retention looks like?

- how to force yourself to be consistent and do hard things: Kind: captions Language: en When you start out in business, it's unbelievably hard. And the reason that business owners at the highest levels get compensated the way they do is because they were able to make it through that period. They earn the right to earn more in a day than people earn in their lifetimes. You have to learn how to behave in hard circumstances so that you can continue to make it through the hardships that will inevitably come as you grow. And growth comes from a deficiency between your current and desired or your current and required. You need to be here and you're here and that stretch hurts because you're inadequate. You have to look at yourself in the mirror and be like, I'm not good enough. And they call them growing pains for a reason. And so, if you're like, man, I wish I could grow really fast, you're actually wishing for a tremendous amount of pain for an extended period of time. And then when people don't have that, they hit their first pain, they're somehow surprised that it hurts. And the thing of the pain of business is it's not just like this visceral physical pain. Of course, you have those from time to time. But a lot of the pain of being in business is not knowing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're doing and feeling like an idiot. Being like, why am I not good enough? Why do these other people Why are they doing so much better than me? Like, what conclusions can I drive derive from that? There's only one of two paths. Either I have something outside of my my control that I can cast my blame to or I have to take the punch to my ego and say, I'm just not that good. That guy is better cuz he's unethical. Okay, sure. If that's what makes you feel better, and now what? And so, the things that make it hard is that one, you have to accept that you're not good and you have to do it over and over and over again. Right when you think you're good again, the world proves to you that you're not as good as you think you are. And this happens at all levels of business. The same thing is when you have those plateaus, it's been a year, it's been two years, it's been three years, right? It means that you haven't changed. You've behaved the same and so you're getting the same outputs. And the change is painful. And sometimes the painful change means that you actually have to take two steps back and your ego not only has to get hurt, but hurt even more. Because you have to realize that you built your thing wrong. You hired the wrong leader. You have the wrong team culture within a department. What do you do? Well, you either leave it there and stay stay perpetually under your potential because you weren't willing to confront the difficulty of the inconveniences that are going to come to you as a result of making the change that you know you need to make but aren't making. And so, I bring this up because we feel like we're the only people who experience this. Like, our pain is more than other people's. Our love is deeper than other people's. But when we do that, we rob ourselves of the ability to learn from others that came before us. The other people who already learned what this is like, who've described the pain. And listen, even if you try to take as much advice as you possibly can, you're still going to get burned. It's still going to hurt. I have yet to see someone really start figuring out what's going on in less than 5 years. And I'm saying 5 years of being in the game. Not 5 years of I have an idea, I'm really passionate about this. I've been reading stuff on the side. I work on the weekends. I'm saying all in for 5 years. And you just start. You just begin to get a grasp of what it takes to to be good at business. And the difficulty is that it's so hard to teach business in school because it changes so much. The principles remain the same, but the game changes. And I think that we judge ourselves because we somehow believe that we're behind other people. It's one of the most painful things that we can do is that we just obviously you compare yourself and then after making the comparison, there's nothing wrong with comparing yourself to other people. That's how you figure out discrepancies. But then you label. Then you say, and I suck as a result. And I'm worthless. And I'm not never going to be good enough. Right? But it's the first part is valuable. That guy is better at ads than me. What is he doing that I'm not doing? I should learn that, right? Not that guy is better than me at ads and therefore I suck as a human being and will never win. But if we zoom all the way out and really think about this cuz this is a little bit trippy. The game of business has been going on since the dawn of time. There were merchants in ancient Egypt 5,000 years ago that were in the game of business. And the game of business will never end. It's an infinite game. Who was the number one merchant in Egypt 5,000 years ago? No idea. Who was the number one merchant 4,000? 2,000? 1,000 years ago? 200 years ago? No one knows. And so, we have this idea that we're somehow going to become number one. But I'm like, at what? At net worth? And then eventually your kids become trust fund kids? And then that gets divided up 10 more ways cuz no one's got game like you? And eventually you just you've got, you know, eight family members on the Forbes list? Okay. And none of them are the ones that actually made it. None of them know how to multiply cuz they aren't in the game. They never learned the skills of the game? Like, if you see the game as constant, the only thing that changes the players. So, my mom used to say this thing which was um and this is I doubt this is her quote, but the news is always the same, only the names change. So, think about that. So, you look at the headlines, right? It's like, bankers get greedy. Sound like new news? No, they just changed the names. You know, jealous husband kills wife then self. Same news. It's not even news. It's just humans being human. And so, business news is also the same way. Hot new technology comes out. Grows really fast. Find out actually not good. Crashes quickly. Investors lose millions. This stuff is the same. Boy learns how to sell. Boy learns how to advertise. Boy learns how to make product. Boy eventually makes lots of money. Boy eventually gets old, tries to, you know, give back to a certain degree, becomes a philanthropist. Old in his age, retreats a little bit. The next of kin comes in line, not as good as that person, maintains, third generation destroys. It's just humans doing human [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Right? And so, I say this because a lot of the hardship of business is comparing yourself and labeling that comparison and saying that I'm not better or worse than these people, but all the players on the board are going to get swapped in 100 years. All the players. The whole board gets wiped. The game still goes on, but the players change. If you can actually give yourself a pat on the back as long as you do one thing, which is that you stay in the game. You keep playing. You keep rolling the dice. You have my offers book? No. Let's see if I can grab it. Hold on. Oh, my leg I did legs this morning. Hold on. Oh, you know what? I think it's my I think it's the leads book. So, this is the story of the many-sided die. So, I wrote this. I didn't hear this. This was just like a concept I wanted to uh to share. So, imagine you and a friend play a dice rolling game. You're each given one die. One of the die has 20 sides. The other has 200. On each die, only one side is green and the rest are red. The point of the game is simple. Roll green as many times as you can. The rules of the game are as follows. You can't see how many sides you have. You can only see if you roll red or green. If you roll green, one of your red sides turns green and you get to roll again. If you roll red, nothing happens and you get to roll again. The game ends when you stop rolling and if you stop rolling, you lose. So, what do you do? You roll. When you roll red, you pick up the die and roll again. When others roll green, you pick up your die and roll again. When you roll green, you pick up the die and roll again. You keep telling yourself one thing. The more I roll, the more greens I get. At first, you roll green once in a while. But as more red sides turn green, the green happens more. With enough rolls, hitting green becomes the rule rather than the exception. So, what does your friend do? He rolls a few times and hits red each time. He sees you roll a green and complains that you must have a die with fewer sides. He reasons it's the only way you could have rolled green before him. And although you did, you also rolled many more times. So, which is it? In either case, he rolls a few more times in frustration and hits a green. But then he complains about how long it took. He spent more time watching you and complaining than actually playing. Meanwhile, you've hit your green streak. It's so much easier for you, he tells himself. You get greens every time. This game is rigged. So, what's the point? And he quits. So, who got the die with the 20 sides? Who got the die with the 200 sides? If you get the game, then you see that once you roll enough times, the die you're given doesn't matter. The die with fewer sides might roll green sooner. The die with more sides might roll green later. But a die with a green side always has a chance of rolling green if you roll it. Every die hits its green streak when rolled enough times. All of us get a many-sided die. And looking at the other players, you have no idea if it's their hundredth roll or their hundred thousandth. You don't know how good other players are when you start. You can only see how well they do now. But if you understand the game, you also know it doesn't matter. A few begin playing early. Others begin much later. The rest sit on the sidelines complaining about how lucky the players are. I guess so. But they're luckier because they play. And when they hit red, which they do, they didn't quit. They rolled again. Learning how to advertise is a lot like the game of the many-sided die. You don't know if it's going to work until you try. no matter how many players there are or the number of sides in the die you're given, you start to see the only two guarantees that the games will give. Number one, the more times you roll, the better you get. Number two, if you quit, you lose. So, I read that story because that's obviously a story of an infinite game. You and your buddy get given two die. One of you has a 20-sided, the other has a 200-sided die. You don't know who has which. And there's one green on each. You roll it, and if if you hit the red, uh nothing happens. If you hit a green, you get one of your many sides that turns green, and you get to roll again. And the only statistical probability there is that if you keep rolling enough times, all of the sides will turn green on both die eventually. But you just don't know how many sides the die that you're given has on it that are red. Which means you just don't know how many shots you're going to have to take in order to win. And that's why having high frustration tolerance, having high fortitude, having high resiliency, and high adaptability, those skills of mental toughness are what allow you to stay in the game of business. It's what allows you to keep rolling the dice even when you get smacked at 20 times in a row as reds. Because maybe you have a 2,000-sided die. But if you know that the one fact of this game is that if you keep rolling, you keep playing, and if you keep playing, it means you're in the game. And if you're in the game, it means you've won. Because in infinite games, there are no winners and losers. There are only players and quitters. And so, when you are starting out, you were just early. You have more reds left to roll. You just got to get them out of the way. You got to get the failures out. It's the only way you figure out how to play. You just don't want to lose so bad that you die. But as long as you don't die, you can keep playing. And I feel like that actually is a pretty hopeful message. Despite my relatively aggressive demeanor.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [66 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap
The easiest business I can help you start (free trial): https://www.skool.com/hormozi
  2. @Oreo-Builds: This may be some of the best advice I’ve ever received
  3. @StrayZinvest: Amazing quotes “its never too late to play, you just have to play. There are only players and quitters. As long as you play you’ve won.”
  4. @RomanMethod: True but force without purpose doesn't work either. You just burn out
  5. @tahmimmiah963: Fahhh this mans videos always just pure nuggets ❤
  6. @juniorroberts2456: Powerful 👍🏼
  7. @Allen-p4b: I just cant stop looking at his guns
  8. @roumaisastasaid2516: Thank you Alex 🙏
  9. @kachimbaezue: I am 22 thanks for this.
  10. @ploooxy: How are you not Muslim if you realised all this … Read the book U‘re smart
  11. @EasyFocusZone: This was a much-needed punch to the ego. The reminder that growth comes from the deficiency between where we are and where we need to be is so powerful. Thank you for being so transparent about the 'growing pains' and the reality of how long it actually takes to get good.
  12. @Orthomolecularhealing: Thank you!
  13. @TraveladvRajanSRai: lol barely any ppl make a lifetime money in a day
  14. @Askanda: thank you
  15. @huywenchow8579: Power powerful speech
  16. @tajudeenibrahimopeyemi1330: Day 5 of watching Alex's contents on most platforms so as to consume good content and build my entrepreneurial skills.
  17. @michaeltemple6695: Thanks for sharing the knowledge I needed to hear this
  18. @michaeltemple6695: Thanks for sharing the knowledge I needed to hear this
  19. @billieevans4031: Needed this, today. Much appreciation for the depth and consistency!
  20. @StoryboardVanguard: Love this outlook. I'm absolutly in the pain right now. and it can be more painful. lets go!!!

- Train Your Brain for MAXIMUM DISCIPLINE with The Lotus Method: Kind: captions Language: en imagine waking up every morning with a clear mind a set plan and the discipline to follow through no matter what no procrastination no distractions just consistent action toward your goals that level of discipline isn't something you're born with it's something you train for and today I'm going to show you exactly how to do it using the Lotus method a simple but powerful system that will help you stay focused eliminate bad habits and create the kind of self-control that successful people rely on if you've struggled with consistency if you've ever felt like you start strong but lose momentum this method is going to change the game for you stick with me till the end to effectively train your brain for discipline first let's get one thing straight discipline is not the same as motivation motivation is like a spark it feels exciting at first but it fades quickly you've probably experienced this before you set a goal feel pumped about it for a few days and then suddenly you don't feel like doing it anymore that's because motivation is unreliable it depends on how you feel in the moment but discipline discipline doesn't care how you feel it's what keeps you going even on the days you don't feel like it it's what turns dreams into reality because real success isn't about working hard when you're inspired it's about showing up every single day no matter what so how do you train your brain to become disciplined that's where the Lotus method comes in the Lotus method is built around the idea of the lotus flower if you don't know the lotus lce is a unique plant it grows in muddy water yet it rises above it completely untouched and pure no matter how dirty or chaotic its surroundings are the Lotus stays strong and blooms beautifully that's exactly how discipline Works no matter what distractions Temptations or challenges surround you you train yourself to rise above them this method is based on four key stages let's break each of these down so you can start applying them right away number one root building your mental Foundation just like a Lotus needs strong roots to grow you need a solid mental Foundation if you want to build discipline this starts with Clarity ask yourself why do you even want to be more disciplined if your reason isn't strong your discipline won't be either you need a purpose that keeps you grounded even when things get tough next take control of your environment you might think discipline is all about willpower but the truth is your surroundings play a huge role if you keep your phone next to you while studying you will get distracted if junk food is always in your kitchen you will eat it the easiest way to become disciplined is to remove Temptations before they can even become a problem and finally start small you don't need to overhaul your entire life overnight begin with tiny habits wake up 10 minutes earlier do one push-up a day read for 5 minutes these small winds build momentum and before you know it they turn into bigger habits number two stem strengthening your self-control a Lotus grows tall even in muddy water that's how your self-control should work no matter what's happening around you you should be able to stay in control of your actions one of the best tricks to train your self-control is something called the 5-second rule anytime you feel yourself hesitating whether it's getting out of bed starting a workout or focusing on work count down from five 5 4 3 2 1 go this small countdown forces your brain to stop overthinking and take action another way to build discipline is by practicing delayed gratification this simply means choosing long-term rewards over short-term pleasure if you always give in Cravings or distractions the moment they appear you're training your brain to seek instant gratification instead practice waiting delay checking your phone delay eating That Snack the more you train your brain to wait the stronger your discipline becomes number three Bloom mastering deep focus now that you have control it's time to maximize your focus a Lotus blooms when it reaches the surface this stage is all about training your brain to stay locked in on a task without getting distracted one of the best ways to do this is Through Time blocking instead of working whenever you feel like it set specific time slots where you focus on deep work turn off all notifications put your phone away and commit to working without interruptions number four Thrive sustaining long-term discipline a Lotus doesn't just Bloom it keeps thriving driving the final step of the lotus method is making discipline a permanent part of your life the best way to do this is by tracking your progress keep a small notebook or use an app to write down how disciplined you were each day even if you miss a day don't let it turn into two the key is to bounce back immediately instead of falling into Old Habits another trick is to change your identity instead of saying I want to be more disciplined start saying I am a disciplined person when you see yourself as someone who naturally stays cons assistent your actions will start matching that identity now that you understand the Lotus method here's what I want you to do pick one habit you want to improve maybe it's waking up early reading more or working out consistently apply the root stem Bloom and Thrive approach for the next 7 Days track your progress and see how much stronger your discipline becomes if you found this helpful make sure to like subscribe and comment below with the Habit you're working on I'd love to hear how it goes for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaiAnhPham-l5w [7 likes]: This is the kind of video everyone should watch at least once. Not because it’s entertaining, but because it might actually save someone one day. Respect to the creator for spreading awareness instead of just chasing views
  2. @GeraldCastillo-b7d [2 likes]: Discipline is doing passionately what your body and mind hates
  3. @asmaali3383 [1 likes]: Most people think they’re inconsistent.

But if you look closely, you don’t actually fail over hours—you slip in a 2-second moment where you think
“I should start”… and then it just doesn’t happen 💀

No big reason. It just… goes.

That’s not lack of discipline—your brain avoids effort early, and honestly we’ve all gotten used to delaying things around us.

So instead of another routine or “try this for 7 days”, I focused only on that one moment.

Not fixing your life. Not making you perfect.

Just noticing that slip.

I made something very small around it (~60 sec).

If it works even a little, you’ll catch that moment at least once a day within a few days.

That’s it. That’s the whole outcome.

No big promises—because honestly, most things don’t work long term.

Worst case, nothing changes.
Best case, you finally see what’s been happening every single time.

If that feels even slightly accurate, say “send”.
  4. @Without_distraction [1 likes]: I liked this video and wanted to let you know that I shared my first video on my channel about how I overcame mental distraction by committing to just one habit.
  5. @samarthkulkarni9969 [1 likes]: Sir I do agree with no distractions but this modern era I do my studies from gemini see buddy it's been years i quit insta i only use yt and whatsapp that's
  6. @RankingAnimaleContent: Day 1 of Discipline
  7. @shreyashgaikwad5645: You are simple actually
  8. @fabled-rabate1859: I’d like you all to do ma a favor and like this comment so I can come back to this and remember. I have bad adhd and will forget I’m starting small but every little push helps and I’d appreciate it if you could do me the small favor of pressing the like button that way I can comeback and remember. I’ll do my best on my own. But it’d be really helpful if you could help me out along the way. I’ve been struggling with these issues a lot recently and need to fix my bad habits.
  9. @StellaOfori-qx7ur: You're now my favorite YouTuber
  10. @VishalRathore_fit: Yes
  11. @Angel428-c9o: I m a disciplined person❤
  12. @claritylab-i2x: very motivational
  13. @ashinaka1015: THANK YOU
  14. @GiffardLorentzen-e4g: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  15. @Aeric_slayz: I don't know how relatable it is but when I start being more productive than I used, guilt washes over me for not starting earlier. I can't force myself for doing something long and don't have the energy to come back after a small break. Then I feel really guilty after watching videos, shorts etc. I even use Instagram once a week (except whatsapp which I have to use for school notices). But even if it's just self-motivation videos which is actually helping me, I feel guilty later. People do late night study sessions or they study for long hours but I don't have the stamina or energy to do those. Yes, I am consistent and study in small chunks but I can't stop the guilt even after a busy day when I sit to unwind. I can't do something I like even as a reward because there is the guilt. And it drains me real bad. I know these are not related to the video but I just wanted to share.
  16. @NexCoreOfficial-VJX: May Buddha Bless you for this lovely video.
gtg study now. <3
  17. @Riseofafricastory: ❤❤❤
  18. @forgeyourpathUS: Consistency is key; replace self-criticism with persistence to maintain long-term discipline.
  19. @kobaby6067: really good
  20. @ididnthavename875: guys wish me luck.

- Neuroscientist: How To Boost Your Focus PERMANENTLY in Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en if ever there was a tool that stood to rewire our attentional circuitry in a powerful way this seems to be it a simple practice taking 17 minutes can forever rewire your brain to be able to attend better and offset some of that attentional drift regardless of whether or not you're a child or you're an adult whether or not you have ADHD or not the effects are significant they are long lasting and they appear to exist after just one session of this quiet 17-minute interoception [Music] so let's take a step back and think about how we focus and how to get better at focus and I'm going to share with you a tool for which there are terrific research data that will allow you in a single session to enhance your ability to focus in theory forever and no I'm not going to try and convince you to meditate what we're about to talk about is when attention works and when attention falters and what we are specifically going to talk about are what are called attentional blinks we do this all the time and people with ADHD tend to have many more attentional blinks than people that don't and this is true for children and for adults if you see something that you're looking for or you're very interested in something you are definitely missing other information in part because you're over focusing on something and this leads to a very interesting hypothesis about what might go wrong in ADH D where we've always thought that they cannot focus and yet we know they can focus on things they care very much about well maybe just maybe they are experiencing more attentional blinks than people who do not have ADHD and indeed there are data now to support the possibility that that's actually what's happening and that should be exciting to anyone that has ADHD it should also be exciting to anyone that cares about increasing their focus and their ability to attend what this is saying is that these circuits that underly focus in our ability to attend and our ability to eliminate distraction they aren't just failing to focus that's just a semantic way of describing the outcome they are over focusing on certain things and thereby missing other things and so our distractability or the distractability of somebody with ADHD could exist because they are over focusing on certain elements and they are therefore missing other elements that they should be attending to so what they really need is this property that we call open monitoring now open monitoring is something typically is associated with people who have done a lot of meditation so-call Vasa meditation or have spent a lot of time learning how to do what's called open gaze visual analysis and open gaze thinking but there's a simpler version of this that allows us to bypass all that your visual system has two modes of processing if you're very excited about something you're in that soda straw view of the world and you're missing other things okay that's high levels of attention however there's also a property of your visual system that allows you to dilate your gaze to be in so-called panoramic Vision panoramic vision is something you can do right now no matter where you are and I can do it right now you won't know that I'm doing it but even though I'm still looking directly at you I'm consciously dilating my gaze so that I can see the ceiling the floor and the walls all around me that panoramic vision is actually mediated by a separate stream or set of neural circuits going from the eye into the brain and it's a stream or set of circuits that isn't just wide angle view it also is better at processing things in time its frame rate is higher so this is something that can be trained up and people can practice whether or not they have ADHD or not what it involves is learning how to dilate your gaze consciously that's actually quite easy for most people whether or not you wear corrective lenses or contacts or not you can consciously go into open gaze and then you can contract your field of view as well there are now published accounts in the literature of a simple practice done for about 15 minutes where subjects were asked to just sit quietly eyes closed and do what is sort of akin to meditation but to not direct their mind into any particular state or place but simply to think about their breathing and to focus on their so-call interoception focus on how their body feels if their mind drifted to bring it back for about 15 minutes that might not seem like a significant or unusual practice or that it would have any impact at all but remarkably just doing that once for 17 minutes significantly reduced the number of attentional blinks that people would carry out in other words their focus got better in a near permanent way without any additional training there's something about that practice of reducing the amount of visual information coming in and learning to pay attention to one's internal State what we call interception that allowed them an awareness such that when they needed to look for visual targets when they need to focus on multiple things in sequence they didn't experience the same number of attentional blinks and I should mention not incidentally as people age and their working memory gets worse and their ability to focus gets worse the number of attentional blinks that they carry out goes up and there are now studies exploring whether not this simple meditation likee practice of 15 to 20 minutes or so of sitting and just quietly resting and paying attention to one's breathing and internal State can also offset some of that age related what is called cognitive decline so what these data tell me is that regardless of whether or not you're a child or you're an adult whether or not you have ADHD or not whether or not you're experiencing age related cognitive decline or you would simply like to avoid age related cognitive decline a simple practice of taking 17 minutes sitting and paying attention to your internal State just intercepting registering your breathing registering the contact of your skin with whatever surface you're on can attend better and possibly even offset some of that age related attentional drift now I don't expect anyone to start meditating regularly I don't expect anyone to do anything they don't want to do but I think most of us could handle one meditation session of 17 minutes or so and so if ever there was a tool that stood to rewire our attentional circuitry in a powerful way this seems to be it and in addition the ability to engage in panoramic Vision to dilate our gaze this so-called open monitoring that allows the brain to function in a way that it can detect more information faster that's a powerful tool as well and the beauty of that tool is that it works the first time and it works every time now how exactly it works is a little bit unclear nonetheless the effects are significant they are long lasting and they appear to exist after just one session of this quiet 17-minute interoception which to me makes it seem like a very worthwhile thing to do for everybody

  Top Comments:
  1. @RespireOfficial [60 likes]: 🌟Join Our Patreon!🌟If you want to learn how to make a faceless YouTube channel like RESPIRE, this is the place. We offer both Group and Individual Coaching sessions where you can ask Mark, the creator of RESPIRE, any questions you like. Join here: https://www.patreon.com/RespireOfficial
  2. @vincentsmith9562 [1 likes]: This is so silly. Why 17 minutes. Why not  19 or 11.  Why would it be the same for every individual  everyone is different. Truly 17 minutes or just another thought bubble
  3. @asmaali3383 [1 likes]: “You don’t procrastinate because you’re lazy.

You procrastinate because your brain gives you a perfect excuse:

‘I’ll start in a minute.’

It feels harmless.

But that one thought is where your plans quietly die.

Most people try to force themselves in that moment.

That’s why it keeps happening.
This gives you a simple interrupt for that exact second—

so you don’t delay… even when your brain tells you to.

→ takes ~60 seconds to learn
→ works every time that thought shows up

No routines. No tracking.

Just something you use in the moment that normally ruins your day

If you’ve ever said “I’ll start in a minute” and didn’t—

this is for that exact situation.
Comment ‘send’ → ₹50 → I’ll send it”
  4. @chaotique_cosmos: Who actually started concentrating while listening to the video.🎉
  5. @KarooD: Google AI gave me 8 synonyms for Meditation. Is this the 9th…..?
  6. @PeterDinkle6950: Dude... that's literally mindfulness meditation. Its not AKIN to it LMFAO, that is it....
  7. @Prakharvvyas: Useless
  8. @SimpsonRussell: I appreciate that nothing feels rushed or unfinished.
  9. @user-hl7uv1hn2y: In frustration, yesterday morning while in the shower i repeated and visualized " 1 " in my head.  Countless bullshit thoughts tried to ride in "as usual" it was challenging "sadly" however, it felt so nice because for moments i finally had nothing in my mind!!! But for the repetition...
  10. @RM21_: Studied for 4hrs I can't focus anymore today idk why??! Aaahhh 
My average is 5hrs
  11. @sinanalpakyol7886: I will put my dot(.) here for me to try it tonight
  12. @po.simmons_45: great
  13. @zaid_____abd___: cant focus to get throguh this video XD
  14. @hankscorpio8928: 2:46
  15. @saurabhmishra_YT: andrew huberman clips always make you wanna fix your entire attention span immediately after watching 😭🧠👏
  16. @shanaseibert9455: I was in a narcissistic relationship, now I have trouble watching an entire tv show.
  17. @abhi34813: Indian already know this 😂
  18. @RaviKumar-fg4ob: At first,  he talked about panoramic vision,  and then he gave a totally different technique (introspection). I am confused why he talked about panoramic vision. May be I need more focus to understand the video 😅.
  19. @LawHawNa: Terima Kasih
  20. @DavidSears-f1e: Im not going to tell you to meditate 


Meditate for 15 minutes

- How to study EFFECTIVELY without distraction (for long time): Kind: captions Language: en Let's be real. Your brain wants to study, but your phone wants attention. Guess who wins? Hint, it vibrates and rhymes with doom scroll. But what if you could sit down, lock in, and study for hours like a laser focused monk with zero distractions and actual progress? Yes, even if your current attention span is shorter than a Tik Tok dance. Let's fix that. Most people don't have a focus problem. They have a setup problem. They sit down to study with 73 tabs open, DMs blowing up, and their brain saying, "Let's just check Instagram for one minute." Spoiler, that 1 minute becomes a 47minute rabbit hole about why pigeons bob their heads when they walk. Yeah, I've been there. But today, you're going to learn how to study effectively without distractions for long hours, even if your brain is allergic to discipline. Step one, build the anti-distraction bubble. Want to study long? First, kill the chaos. Put your phone in another room. Use apps like Forest, Cold Turkey, or Freedom to block digital junk. And if you're on YouTube watching this video, finish this, then lock it down. Also, tell people around you, "I'm going into monk mode. Disturb me only if there's cake or fire. Step two, use the 52/17 rule. Forget those marathon 3-hour sessions. Your brain's fuel tank doesn't last that long. Try this. Study 52 minutes full focus. Break for 17 minutes guilt-free. Why? This combo mirrors your brain's natural ultraan rhythm. You're not a robot. You're a rhythm machine. Sync with that rhythm and you'll focus deeper, longer, and remember more. Bonus. Use the 17 minutes to stretch, breathe, or dance like nobody's watching. Unless someone's watching, then own it. Step three, the one tab rule. One subject, one table, one mission. If you're researching biology, but also have a tab open for top 10 MCU villains ranked, your brain's already gone. Studies show task switching destroys up to 40% of productive time. Solution: Close the extras. Go full screen. Pretend the only page on the internet is the one you're studying. Step four, fuel like a genius. You can't run on brain power alone. Keep water next to you. Dehydration makes you tired and cranky. Snack smart. Go for nuts, dark chocolate, blueberries, and the occasional study cookie. Earned, not stolen. Also, caffeine is a friend, until it becomes an enemy. Don't overdo it. Step five, get ruthlessly specific. Don't say, "I'm going to study math today." Say, "I'm going to finish chapter 3, integration basics, by 5:00 p.m." This turns your study into a mission, not a mystery. Give your brain a finish line. Otherwise, it will just wander around asking existential questions like, "What even is math?" Let's be honest, you'll still get distracted sometimes. You'll open YouTube just to check and accidentally fall into a black hole of productivity videos. Don't beat yourself up. Just catch it. Laugh at it and get back on track. Focus is a skill, not a switch. Every time you pull yourself back, you're training your attention like a muscle. If you want to do something extraordinary with your life, whether that's acing your exams, getting into your dream college, or building your dream life, then you have to get good at doing boring things for long periods. This is your superpower in a distracted world. You don't need more motivation. You need better systems. And now you've got them. So, here's the plan. One tab 52/17. No distractions. Fuel your brain. Study with intent. Be the one who locks in when others flake out. And if you're ready to focus like a maniac and level up your entire study game, smash that like button. Subscribe for more brain hacks. And share this with your fellow procrastinators. Let's help each other win. Now go build that anti-distraction bubble. See you in deep focus

  Top Comments:
  1. @simpleactuallyus [153 likes]: ⚠ Disclaimer:
Hey! This video is for educational and motivational purposes only.
I’m not a doctor, psychologist, or productivity guru—I’m just someone who’s tested a LOT of methods and wants to share what actually works.
Take what helps you, experiment with it, and always do what’s best for you.
And remember: focus is a skill. You’re not “bad” at studying—you just haven’t found your system yet. Let’s build it together. 🙌
  2. @its.me07 [3 likes]: Man I just can't focus I sit there a room way from phone no distractions but then it be my own brain  that it doesn't even focuses 3 mins, a min and I'm thinking about that one reel I saw yesterday or how funny it was just anything but studying!
  3. @aswathyyyyyyyyyi [1 likes]: 0:30 “Shut it down and go study, man 🙂
  4. @frostagaming8306 [1 likes]: Thanks man. Now I can do 8 hours study like nothing😊
  5. @DeepaKashyap-h5h [1 likes]: 2:35 watching this while drinking caffeine (coffee)😶
  6. @giyuu9047 [1 likes]: Stop looking at the comments, please lock in.
  7. @AnujShetty-i1b [1 likes]: The 52/17 rule is such a great way to work with your brain's natural rhythms instead of fighting them. Getting ruthlessly specific with a finish line really does turn a study mystery into a manageable mission
  8. @billcipherfalls6190 [1 likes]: A.I. video
  9. @MiyaLimiza: My brain after 1 hr study 😢let's do it Tommorow baby u had done enough for today
  10. @b4e_m0n: what if my computer is the problem but I need my computer to work..?
  11. @CognitiveDen1: Been using Olovka to turn my notes into quizzes and it actually helps me remember things 😭 pairs really well with this video.
  12. @bydemiann: watching this when i have a calculus 1 exam tomorrow
  13. @LM10321: should i use my mobile in the 17 minutes break?
  14. @creatygirlxd2027: Its not my phone even i forget about that easily but the thing is now my issue.. First I read one line then I start to get lost in my own thoughts and then i see the time it's already 15 mins gone . Then i read the question again boom nothing in brain 🤧
  15. @Ultimate_AceRacer: 3:40 if u have no time
  16. @tom1797-p2u: Bro I can literally spend a whole day in my head, none of this helps 🫩🫩
  17. @arocker__: Tomorrow's my exam and i finally decided to lock-in !!!
  18. @zero_editz_0: 3:28 ARE THOSE STAIRS? 
Pretty Boy V3 playing
  19. @TheAdvikNaidu: The 52/17 rule and the one tab mission are exactly the kind of practical systems needed to escape the doom-scroll trap great advice on building that anti-distraction bubble
  20. @DepressedGirl-q3e7f: But what to do when all ur lessons are on your phone/ can't afford to print them / don't have a pc so just ur phone

- How to rebuild your attention span (without forcing it): Kind: captions Language: en can you make a video about how we can increase our attention span yes please share with us your hacks on increasing attention spans impr my attention SP improving my attention attention attention span you're making me scared to post YouTube videos why because I don't trust your attention span to not click away that even after hours and hours of hard work and thinking of how to help you that now I'm pressured to add in little animations and gifts and funny memes and blah blah blah hold up if you're already trying to skip through the chapters or watch this on 2x speed you really need this video more than anyone you know what's crazy you want good grades and to self-improve but you're making it 10 times harder and canceling out all your hard work because studies show that students with shorter attention spans tend to perform worse on tests struggle to retain information longterm and have a harder time connecting disperate ideas into cohesive understanding that my friend changes today ay team it's I was valedictorian a Regional Tennis champion and got into a top 10 University while sleeping 8 hours a night even though I had a disability of migraines I was able to do all of that because of my ability to focus a longer attention span makes you more efficient effective and smarter so it's way more crucial than any study tip if you clicked on this video only kind of wanting to save your mind then this is not for you this is for you if you are truly committed to living up to your fullest potential potential and acing school in life if you're serious turn this video on full screen put on that do not disturb and watch it on 1X speed I challenge you you'll see why later today we're going to go over the Golden mindset and eight tips to increase your attention span for good let's go improving your attention span is no not just about social media once you understand to not blame everything on social media and to take accountability that's the first step to actually making product progess realize that technology is meant to improve your life there are many benefits to it and you are the one that uses it make sure that technology is not the thing using you thus instead of thinking my phone is decreasing my attention span shift your mind set to understand that your reactions are what's decreasing your attention span each negative effect is simply a product of a reaction when your phone is right there when you get a notification you are in control of the reaction in response to the technology get excited because you being in control means that you can literally get your life back and become smarter between stimulus and response lies a space in that space lie our freedom and power to choose a response in our response lies our growth and our happiness now that you've taken accountability over your actions what actions should we do it's all about habits the more you do something bad for yourself the even more you're going to do it and it snowballs so we need to switch it around to start doing some good habits such that you can continually improve so here are the eight tips to start doing today don't have Dynamic tabs open if you use things like Facebook Messenger or have an email account if that tab is open and a new message comes in it will Ding and have a notification change that tab but this is distracting so have those Dynamic tabs closed and a lot dedicated time to check what those messages are recently I've really been trying to have my email tab closed because even if I don't have notifications coming up if I see that email tab I will be tempted to click it every once in a while just to check if something new is there minimize multitasking I see you reading the comments while watching this video that is so bad because you are processing English words while reading other English words and your mind is just like going haywire so even if you think you're a master multitasker try to really put your time and energy and focus all on one thing at a time the moment you realize you're multitasking pull yourself away if you look up how to improve your attention span on Google you'll find things like drink tea eat brain foods exercise okay now we're not about those surface level fixes because we all know that those will make minimal impact compared to tackling the biggest culprit which is your phone create no phone zones no phone in the bathroom because that's gross no phone in the bedroom because you can end up scrolling on on your bed forever and no phone at the dinner table because your family and friends are more important than seeing what Taylor Swift has done on her latest era tour say I'll do it after X often when we're working distractions will inevitably pop up whether it's your mom telling you to do something or your brain making up stuff on its own instead of dealing with that right away write it down on a piece of paper and tell yourself that you will deal with it after X after the thing that you're currently doing right now so if I'm working on a math set and I'm grinding through the five problems and I suddenly remember I have to write an email I will write that task down next to me on a piece of paper or on a reminder system and then I'll say I will write that email after I finish problem three so finishing problem three would be my ex that you fill in for this situation this is an amazing habit because it trains you to understand that you're in control that notifications and other people don't own your time they can't force you to step away from your current Endeavor really have it ingrained that just because someone texted you doesn't mean you have to respond right away just because a new K-pop music video came up doesn't mean you have to watch it right away and just because phone notifications are a thing doesn't mean you can't turn them off and prevent them from happening in the first place automate work/school hours on your phone the great thing about technology is that there's a lot of automation tools so on iPhone for example you can set time times where your phone will automatically go on Focus mode which means that it will automatically not have notifications during that time for example I also set a sleep mode where an hour before I set my sleep time my phone will automatically go on do not disturb so I won't get any new notifications it's all about setting boundaries so you don't jump from one thing to the next which prevents your brain from also jumping from one thing to the next be curious like a kid during wait times like waiting in line for your chicken sandwich riding the subway what are most people doing they're scrolling on their phones and why is that because they're bored they're no longer curious or interested about the things that are literally happening right in front of them it's not like you're locked in a white box with nothing to look at you can look at what people are doing around you if you're riding in a car you can stare outside the window and look at the scenery trying to distract yourself from boredom is one of the fastest ways to ruin your attention span because that is telling yourself that every single second you have to be stimulated by something so one of the easiest ways to maintain a more Zen State of Mind where you're not like itching to pull out your phone is to become curious about what's happening around You observe what that lady in front of you is wearing look outside and notice how the flowers are extra pretty today if you Daydream a lot this is your chance to be preoccupied with your own thoughts and think about hm what do I want in life what do I want to eat for dinner tonight with all that wait time instead of wasting it on your phone you could have figured out your whole life's Purpose By Now consume long form content you are smart you're commenting thanks Amy for making longer videos to increase my attention span exactly so any video you watch from now on try to do it on 1 x Speed without skipping I dare you just like you're doing right now right that's level one of consuming long form content level two is listening to a podcast podcasts are amazing because you can listen to them on the go but you also have to train yourself to actively listen and absorb Words which will probably make you a better student so you actually hear what your teacher is talking about instead of just letting the words go in one year and out the other podcasts are slower more conversational but you'll find some of the most valuable advice ever and some of the most amazing facts ever hidden in these podcasts so because you want to find those little golden nuggets you'll be able to train yourself to listen intently and patiently to whatever the podcaster is talking about you ask me what podcast I recommend and the top one I recommend is that was so weird sorry is my own which is your A+ life it's launching on Spotify so you can check out the link in the description I talk about discipline and motiv ation I also go in depth as to how I built confidence and dealt with the insecurities that I had plus many more golden nuggets that you won't find on this main channel so definitely check out the link in my description to watch my new podcast and I would love if you give it a high rating if you like it level three of long form content is to read a book by being so dedicated to read a book from cover to cover that reflects the dedication and commitment you will have to other large tasks when you read a book your eyes literally can only look at one thing at once and you have to process what the words are saying so it's a time of intent Focus different from levels one and two where your eyes can still be observing and taking in other things as you go up these three levels remember to prioritize the type of content the kind that gives you value train yourself to like that instead and it will be so much easier to stay off of things that decrease your attention span consume to absorb not skim this habit even applies to Tik toks because usually when you scroll through Tik toks you're skimming through them barely taking in what's happening in the first 2 seconds before deciding to scroll by but if your entire feed is study tips or skin care advice and you're watching each video all the way through really absorbing the information then that is also actually good for your attention span regardless of the the type of content you consume engage deeply and actively so many of you are actually already doing this because you leave long comments that indicate how much you internalize the advice and that will increase the probability of you applying that advice and you know what's amazing you engaging and summarizing a video and posting that comment is like you making a mini YouTube video yourself when I write these videos that you're watching right now I'm reflecting and I'm synthesizing other information to put out to help others when you write that comment you're actually doing the exact same thing you are also putting your Reflections on the internet and providing Value Plus you just turned what you learned into your own knowledge that piece of advice is now internalized into yourself and will become a greater and greater part of yourself each time you engage having a short attention span means that your or not living life to the fullest because with anything that happens in your life you are going to be distracted or your mind is not going to be fully present absorbing the beauty in that moment so think of a sunset with a loved one if you have a short attention span you're not going to be able to make the most of that moment when it's your graduation when you get your first job when any moment comes up that is deep and longer than a Tik Tok you're not going to be able to absorb it as much so instead of thinking of attention span as this thing that oh I have to improve it because everyone says our attention spans are getting shorter understand that to live a great life and to reach your potential if you are doing X then you should be fully doing X in that moment some people when they're playing they think about work and when they're working they're thinking about playing that's not really fully living the great things in life are not short they are deep so that's why all of the eight tips are talking about how you can be more present and deep in your current situation yes like even my tip of no phone in the bathroom be fully present when you're on the toilet what is important in your life that you don't want to miss out on what do you want to be fully present for comment that below as your commitment to gaining your attention span back choose one or two habits from the list of eight to really start doing this week remember don't try to do all that once really be making changes by focusing on a couple at a time it just takes that split-second decision making it a habit it is not in our control to have everything turn out exactly as we want but it is in our control to control how we respond to what happens you're in the driver's seat it's time you start acting like it remember to check out my podcast Linked In the description it's your A+ life where we go over topics like how to master discipline how to overcome fear and how to stop comparing yourself the episodes are really amazing because they will rewire your mind to be more resilient and happier no matter what life throws at you and of course listening will increase your attention span so what could be better than that thanks so much and I'll see you next time on 1X speed right peace day one of applications I'm going to be applying to grad school I'm applying to a program with a very low acceptance rate so I'm well aware that all this effort could lead to zero results that's why I was kind of reluctant to decide to apply but now that I've decided this is when I'm going to give my all and stop thinking about the hesitancy most of my videos are talking about things in the past so at the end of my videos during this application period I'm going to be giving little updates I'm bringing you along this journey with me so let's see how I do you never know till you try it right also throughout this series of my application process I'll be revealing what I'm going to be applying to and of course I will do a reaction cuz I never did a college video re action today is a light work day where I just tried to make an application but the application's not even open yet I'm too early so I Googled all the parts of the application I read some sample essays the sample essays got me a little stressed because they're all so good they inspired me but they made me feel really doubtful of my writing and storytelling skills feel some anxiousness for sure but I'm really glad I'm starting early to gradually get my mind in the zone of subconscious ly processing what I want to write about as I go about my everyday life and I also made a notion page where I'm going to be brain dumping I'm going to be adding more pages over time and useful links I also put in some approximate deadlines for when I should keep things in mind like see when the application actually opens and when it's due the original Mini Vlog was a little too long for the end of the video and I'm afraid that people would not click on the video because the whole timestamp of the YouTube video just seems too long yeah just let me know your thoughts I was kind of hesitant about this idea but at the end of my videos I'm going to give a quicker update on my mental state and what I'm currently working through so it's more interesting when you see the reaction video of whether I get in or not for those who are interested in the longer explanation and vlogg year style then I put the unlisted video in the description box thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wamyy5 [838 likes]: MY NEW PODCAST 🔥 (listen on the go!): https://open.spotify.com/episode/0NyV1V7xCBXopqOOWl6nOE?si=ktnJs05NRbaujh80n7_Xgg
And on Apple Podcasts: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/your-a+-life/id1754263357
(A highly requested project from you... it's FINALLY HERE! )

Edit: I am SO blown away by your comments! So so so grateful for technology when it does serve us like YouTube here, enabling me to connect and impact people to help them live their best, most fulfilled lives. I absolutely love reading your stories - thank you so much for sharing and interacting with each other. This comment section is so incredible - I can’t even put words to it! ❤
  2. @Idostuff-v3j [1 likes]: Bro as soon as I put it on 2 x speed she was like 
If u tried to skip ahead or put on 2x speed…..
Oop-
  3. @Aaryalovesblue [1 likes]: I realised it awkward to just turn your phone off and, look at the people or outside the window . Because i saw a lot of people on there phones and some were talking to there friends.
But you eventually get the habit and feel more at peace igs.
And if you really can't get rid of the habit  recommend to forget to renew your data. 
Works great for me! This video was really helpful btw .
  4. @siliconwings999: this video made me realize im really scared of living. scared of seeing the bad things in life, scared of realizing the time is passing by and that one day i wont be here anymore.
  5. @sangmatj769: Damn, you look just like my sister 😮
  6. @Idostuff-v3j: So now I’m forced to not put this on 2x speed….
  7. @cansusen8514: I don't want to miss out on my dream careers. They are careers which accept less people according to your institution exam score. Unfortunately this fact alone makes me anxious and reluctant. I am trying, I will try. I will feel humiliated but at the end of the day I will be resilient. I won't say "This is hard I can't do it." If that thing is hard and too much for me I will try to get the help that I need little by little, learn what is wrong just to fix the wrongdoing of myself. When I learn what is wrong I won't be pushing myself and feeling guilty for not accomplishing that current activity at that moment because I am thinking of fixing my problem so if it involves not doing that activity because of my problem I will make a boundary of understanding my problem and the motivation to do better part. I will understand that motivation to do better is only good if you are already able to be present in your activity. If every will of mine starts to work only with understanding about myself (socialize, think, read etc.) then I can't be motivated 'till I understand myself. Don't feel pressured by all of it, make a list. Not slowly and do it effectively (You can find when and how come things that you memorize become effective to you. For me I've realized that if the words in English are so similar to another words or a quotes from books or someone famous then I can remember it while trying to find to word for it because it is a quote or a word that I internalized.) I'm nervous and I'm not sure if I actually talked about things this video focused more on but I wanted to add my comment to internalize my goal. Wish me luck! (I hope my English was good.)
  8. @yassarbekkouche8124: actually i dont know what i want but yeah i will give evrything that i do all  my best i guess, thank you for your video you really helped me i have finals after 3 weaks gonna graduate from highschool, evrything was fine at first i was studying perfectly but now i dont know what happened to me i started struggling to focus and started avoiding studying by doing anything else (i smashed my phone so no it's not social media ) i will do your tips and i hope that it fixes my problem 
thank you wish you all the best 
sorry my english is bad becous it's not my native language
  9. @V8Chesster: Get my GED and go top college
  10. @Academicvibesss: Thank you amy so much i was worring about my attention span so  much but after this video i can think clearly and i am trying to get my attention span back
  11. @882stevenv9: I think people get so addicted to watching reels is could be of their personal struggles and to go through that social media is the easy to way to distract oneself, and this becomes a habit before you know it. So these advices really help me and i would recommend you guys to read atomic habits it really has great content to help you improve.
  12. @JoinDiksha: I was suggested this video on my pinterest home page and I am gladd I made an effort to come watch it on my laptop. tbh alot of your points about how we are ourselfes affecting our attemtion span were soo true. not only did you tell me, but these were the exact things that came in myy mind when I spend my no phone dayss. one thing i would like to add is, coming from india, I have met and i am getting to see students, who have cut down their attention span to like a few seconds, they dont realize what they are doing to themselves, and when i talk to them about topics like HOOBIES, PERSONAL CARRICULUM, SPORTS, THEIR INTRESTS, OR ANYTHING SUCH, they react like.. bruh? whats that? .. i am very sad to say this but i am very sad that this country is hard to change. people, students, teacher, parents ,everybody lives here, just for living, they dont want to actually LIVE. i hope you get what i mean. I AIM when i pass my grade 12th 
(the grade i am currently in ) I AM GOING TO MAKE SHORT FORM CONTENT TO REACH THESE STUDENT AND HELP THEM REALIZE WHO THEY ARE, WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF, AND WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY DOING TO THEMSELFES, I dont mean to hurt or target anybody but, some people around LACK a true personality, they just ARE, even they dont know WHO. if you get what i mean.
  13. @TeacherLeandreA: Hey Amy, just wanted to let you know, I enjoy the fact that your videos seem unscripted and your aesthetic from living space to makeup free videos is like most of the world, normal and real. I hope once you make it big (according to yourself) that you remember that you're appreciated by your viewers - just as you are.
  14. @NaomiTesler: When im studying im not gonna to think about my break
  15. @labbytanazalia1671: can i still do my work while listening to some music? or does that count as a multitasking as well?
  16. @MemeChor1: Hey Amy or anyone else who could reply, do you guys think reduced amount of time on short content will still cause problems? Consider an Hour of social media: reels, Shorts, Twitter etc
  17. @Belks1453: I want to be fully present for my learning, now my degree is done I want to keep exercising that part of my brain before I go do my Masters so I don't lose it.
  18. @Thedoodledistrict: I want to stay focused on studying for my entrance exams, thats the reason why I want to build ny attention span because I want to get into a good college and not havr to worry about where I live. This is the first step im going to take control of my life
  19. @freesoulwhisper: I used to think that the world is rushing so fast that I can't catch up with the speed but turns out it is actually me who is rushing my brain to process mass information in short time due to which the brain has no option but to just skim and not remember. This video helped me answer my biggest question, "Why is world so fast?" The world isn't as fast as your expectations by your brain to process information. retrieving information then becomes harder because neural connection path to exact information cannot be traced back as it is entangled with some other information. And so focusing on one task at a time is important than multitasking so that tracing the neural pathways should be easier and clearer. LOVED YOUR VIDEO. THANK YOU🌟
  20. @Aspirationpearl: i kept being called out while watching

- 4 Editing Secrets Small Channels Learn Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en - Let's talk about editing. (singing) Editing, editing, editing! Let's talk about editing. (mouse clicks) Hi, thanks for coming to my channel, where I teach people guitar things that wanna learn about guitar. If this video helps, please make sure to hit, no! This guy is a brand new creator. Let's call him John Scott. Now, John here started a channel. He had a video idea and most importantly, he hit record, but John has one problem. He's boring. Hey! More importantly, his videos are boring, but he's about to change all that. I am? In the next few minutes, John's audience will go from watching 3% of his videos to 60% of his videos, which it's a pretty big number for him because he's so boring! The first thing John needs to do is focus on something that we've talked a lot about here at vidIQ, but it's my version of it. Can you guess what it is? (screen whooshing dramatically) - Don't you dare make this a fishing hook! (screen whooshing) All right, then. - Now, a hook is super important, but a hook gets made in the writing process. But this video is about editing. Guys! Let's talk about something I call visual hooks. You know how when you hover over videos on YouTube, it'll start playing the video without audio? Consider that moment the opportunity for a visual hook. For example, the beginning of this video, the visual hook was a barbershop quartet all harmonizing with each other while the written hook was about how John Scott got viewers to. Oh my God, John! There are all kinds of ways to do visual hooks and all the best creators use them. Sometimes, creators can even get big enough to where their face becomes a visual hook in itself. Now, let's take a look and see how John applied what he learned about visual hooks. (guitar playing) (mouse clicking) Groovy. Let's learn how to play it. Groovy indeed. John used his backyard, a scene change, some creative camera angles, and even a little lens flare to give his intro some pizzaz. He even did it without going over the top. Visual hooks don't always need to be flashy. They just need to catch the eye and keep attention. Besides, John's video is about guitar education, so it's not like a Mr. Beast style intro would work here. I'm gonna teach you how to play this chord progression and if you can figure it out before this timer gets to zero, then you'll have learned something new! (dramatic whooshing) Visual hooks. All right, next. Okay, so you put your index finger on all the four frets, on all the strings on the fourth fret. Stop! (sighs) John, I would hate to be a beginner guitar player. Why? Because this is the moment that I would quit. No offense. None taken? The next thing John needs to know about is simple cuts. specifically two types of cuts. I am saying something and now, I'm saying something else. What the camera did right there, that was a cut-in and this is a cut-back or a cut-out. I like to say cut back because it's like you cut back to where you just were, you know? Okay. These two little cuts can help emphasize a point, create momentum, and most importantly, keep the viewers' attention. There are a bunch of other different types of cuts, which I'll go into in another video, but for now, just to keep things fresh, cut-in, cut-back. Simple cuts out of the way. Now, we're onto simple moves. When you involve motion, that's when things get real not boring. This is a push in. This is a pull out. This is a pan. This is a zoom. These ain't your grandfather's camera movements! Technology is wonderful, and even if we didn't move the camera when we were recording, we can animate it when we're editing. You see this little handheld movement I got going on here? Ain't nobody holding that camera. So now that we've learned about some simple cuts in motion, let's take a look and see how John has made it work for him. So it starts with a bar on the fourth fret while muting the top string with your index finger like so. Then use your ring finger to hammer on the sixth fret of the D string and your middle finger to hammer on the fifth fret of the B string. This shot right here brings me to my next point. It's really important for John intermingle different types of footage so the viewer doesn't have to struggle with seeing his face so much. Since John's video is more of a hands-on tutorial, most of his footage would be considered A-roll or primary footage. It's the content that carries the message of the video. But what about B-roll, you ask? Or is there a C-roll or E-roll or T-roll? (soft dramatic music) Well, it kind of depends on the video type. See, the video you're watching right now is more of a educational entertainment type, so B-roll works really well in these types of videos. I could be explaining how when it comes to content creation, there are so many ways to express yourself and make your mark on YouTube. The world is your oyster! All that footage right there, that was B-roll. B-roll is footage used to add depth and keep the audience engaged by breaking up the monotony of the A-roll. But keep in mind, there's no need to overcomplicate it. If it doesn't fit, don't use it. But if it does fit, take the opportunity to mix up your footage so it keeps your viewers interested. So, now that we've learned all these things, let's check in on John and see how he's doing. (soft upbeat guitar music) John? Okay, well, maybe he's out celebrating all that new watch time. I don't know. Speaking of which, the last video that I did for vidIQ, I implemented all these tips and it killed and I would love it if you would go check it out and comment when you see something that I've mentioned here. Be like, "Hey, John, I see what you did there. I saw what you did. I know the things that you know. I know these things that you know. I do these things that you do. I learned these things from you and now I do them in my video." Thief! (door closing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [98 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @TheFatCatReport [1 likes]: i like this guy
  3. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  4. @PemaTenzinThinleyPTTgamingff: nic tip!
  5. @GlitzGlamkre8: Great editing!! I can’t wait to learn more😄
  6. @dairyshot221: The concept of visual hooks is so important for capturing attention right from the start, Using simple cuts and varied footage really makes a massive difference in keeping a tutorial engaging🎥🎸🚀
  7. @hallowandhearth: Watching this in April 2026
  8. @janmegela1782: Well done man, well explained and engaging. Really TOP work.
  9. @iHuddv: what happens when your retention isn't the problem just engagement is..

eg. most of my videos get over 100% retention but low engagement so youtube stops pushing it
  10. @frankmartinez2987: Okay, only 90 seconds in and I’m subscribing. Thanks!
  11. @Flicksy11: Dont use the Lord's name in vain
  12. @ishowupdaily1: Watching in 2026 just found the channel 🎉😊 and it's amazing
  13. @haocapitalx2: I love you
  14. @melkerandlefin9324: New creator, looking to hire someone to make real edits. I think we could do some big things. Who and where can i go? I don't edit myself cuz i dont have software, and dont wanna spend 5 years learning lmao
  15. @the4kTvWindow: This video is underrated
  16. @VoidRantYT: thank YOU!
  17. @TheAnimalFactArchive: More like this 😮
  18. @mattbarroccu9690: where did John go? Where's his channel?
  19. @DreamingofBirdiesGolf: Really enjoyed this one, any tips on verbal cues said before sections of video to keep things in order while editing? Working on getting better at golf content videos, but spending lots of time organizing clips before editing.
  20. @ItzLoomie: im not gonna lie bro i just clicked off somewhere at the middle, just so much unnecessary water, get to the point 😭

- Hi Me In 3 Years: Kind: captions Language: en all right what's good youtube uh i'm gonna post this video three years later right now i have five point nine thousand five point nine thousand subs right now um i wonder how much subs i have um later okay peace out um the person i'm talking to three years later i was what's going okay i don't know what's gonna be happening so three years later so it's gonna be two thousand what's today 2024 23 on the same day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @EjFerrell [1 likes]: One more year bro
  2. @summ.t [1 likes]: woah
  3. @AshishXMC [1 likes]: Saw this 2 years ago. If I missed one more year, I would’ve gotten confused.
  4. @SkyXyrilleAbundo [1 likes]: Yo hi
  5. @EdItCorp_Proff [1 likes]: Where is speed?
  6. @MuhammadBinMansoor-pd9nu [1 likes]: People watching this in 2028
  7. @SirCashapin [1 likes]: Sup speed from Oct 2020
  8. @Kodak-i3y [1 likes]: I think speed needed to steal Jimmy's idea
  9. @ben_scythe: Holy refresh pull
  10. @SSJ4-n4y: W speed you made it and your gonna go further
  11. @fatlol8539: Dude thought he was mr beast😂✌️
  12. @Adem123Gazouna: 1 year left bro
  13. @EduardoLopez-sd9gn: More like 2 YEARS🗣️
  14. @Guilhermãomeme: Shut up ishowspeed you were already popular a fk
  15. @tilt-c9r: I got this 2024
  16. @epical_face-00: Hi speed
  17. @Tankerfan1009: Why is he too black while 2years later he is turning white
  18. @MohammedNaifDone-r6t: 54
  19. @Fox_Op_50: Idc about 3 yrs man...HI
( If this comment gets more than 10k likes I'll sketch speed hyperrealistically and send it to him )
  20. @sonamshukla8723: Hi

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not gonna lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your smaller YouTube channel, that might be because it actually is. But there is also a simple way that you can address this. We wanted to find the ultimate answer to why channels feel like they get stuck in the land of no views. So we went straight to the source - Oh my gosh, the algorithm changed. I'm not getting as many views. - That's Todd. He works at YouTube, and he knows the YouTube algorithm like the back of his hand. He's also you know, friends with Mr. Beast. So if there's anybody that knows how to get on the good side of the YouTube algorithm, it's gonna be Todd. Todd actually gave us five YouTube insights that you're not gonna hear on any other YouTube algorithm video. It was his last tip that especially threw me off. So trust me here. Watch these tips and watch them in order if you want your small channel to turn into a big one. Choose to ignore these tips, and the YouTube algorithm may just keep ignoring you. So let's get into it. Here's what creators have gotten wrong about the YouTube algorithm. - The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. "Oh, well, I make a video, and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. - So in other words, it's the YouTube viewer that actually gets to summon the YouTube algorithm. But if that's the case, how can you as a creator make sure that your video is the one to show up? We use the watch history as probably the most important signal that we know about a viewer to figure out what they might wanna watch next. - And here we're actually getting a little bit closer to that answer. It is watch history that you need to be worried about. If you want your videos to be pulled by the YouTube algorithm, then you need to get into somebody's watch history. And as we know, that's easier said than done. Now, if you already have a few subscribers, there's a good chance that they are the ones to watch your videos, and therefore you end up in there watch history. But what if you're starting at zero, and the algorithm has no idea who best to pair your videos with in the first place? - When we have absolutely no behavioral data, we're going to probably rely more on the metadata, the data that we have in terms of the title and the description, and I would say search is probably the first place for fresh videos. You upload a brand new video around Minecraft. We're going to consider that video when somebody searches for Minecraft based on the title and description. - Okay, so this is helpful. YouTube search your title and your description, and these are things you could be focused on to start bringing in those new viewers when you're starting from zero. But maybe you feel like you're already doing this and yet you're still struggling. What else could possibly be wrong? Todd had an answer to that too. - I would discourage creators from trying to like compete in the most competitive spaces in the world. And so rather than go after like, the Minecraft query for example, you might wanna find a niche that isn't already being served by a million other videos. Spend time looking at what viewers see, and see where can you produce the best video That's gonna be better than what's already there because that's where the opportunity is. - I love it that an employee at YouTube is calling a spade of spade here. YouTube is inherently a competitive space. At the end of the day, your success on YouTube is gonna depend on you making videos that stack up against the competition you have. And it would be so nice if our high-quality videos that we make could compete in any niche on YouTube, but that's just not how it works. And so as a creator, you need to be really thoughtful and strategic about which niche on YouTube you decide to enter into. But there was something else that Todd said that caught me completely by surprise. - I wouldn't rely entirely on YouTube as the only way to drive attention to your content. Identifying other places where your content might be relevant. It could be everything from Facebook groups, Discord servers, Twitter, et cetera. Seed your video in places where you are going to get some watch history, and kickstart that signal. - Todd is debunking a huge myth here. Contrary to popular belief, You actually should be promoting your small videos on other platforms outside of YouTube. Now, obviously that doesn't mean you should go around to every subreddit, and Discord server you find, and just spam your video links all over the place. Relevance is gonna be key here. You wanna go to the places where your community is hanging out, and you wanna provide videos and maybe clips from your videos that can help them perhaps with a problem they're having. And if you choose to disregard that last bit of advice, then I would highly caution you here because you could end up paying for it. YouTube's not exactly once again, going to know who to pair it with. So really, be thoughtful when you're sharing your content outside the platform. Crap, I gotta work. I have like three more paragraphs. Don't buy cats. If you wanna be a YouTuber, that's the real advice. Don't do it. And for those of you who aren't really keen on the idea of sharing your videos outside of YouTube and doing all that legwork, don't worry this isn't something you necessarily have to do forever. You're just doing this at the beginning of your journey to give the algorithm a little bit of a nudge in the right direction. Once you get a bunch of people that have your videos in their watch history, and they're your ideal viewers, the YouTube algorithm can step in, and do the rest. - Now these are all valid strategies, but one strategy I wouldn't recommend is chasing

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [234 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @requiem07rl [2 likes]: How to grow your YT channel quickly
Step 1: Check watch histories
Step 2. Post on places other than YT
Step 3 : Don't buy a cat
  3. @mohammed.almansi [1 likes]: I am a new channel. I like this video.❤
  4. @SirCundleBerryGaming [1 likes]: Nope im giving up. Youtube sucks only the most moronic careless videos get the most attention. Fk this app fr
  5. @QuietPawsMedia [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @LostHistoryArchive [1 likes]: Leaving this here to hopefully get some likes and keep me moving! 😂🎉
  7. @DopamineDrill-p5j: I love how short and detailed your videos are🙂
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @HorizonHostel: Thank for 429 subscriber
  10. @artlessonsvideo: thanks sir.
  11. @Paleo-Noel-Z-Workshop-s4p: Nahhh it's hard I'm still hate Lower views because is too unlucky 😢
  12. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you, this is helpful
  13. @Linuuyrr: Help me guys i love to start streaming please ☘🥺
  14. @ashprokingmusic: This is really helpful. Thanks, @vidIQ!
  15. @IILMLAB: @MrTubemaster
  16. @BibleStudy_online: 🥰🥰🥰
  17. @Conalgrblx: To be honest the my tip is keep posting and keep believing
  18. @Molierestates: Trying to grow my real estate channel in 2026! Best of luck to everyone trying to kickstart there channel! 🙏
  19. @autolapeus: YouTubers let group together here dont give up🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @LamechChosen: This idea was best for my channel getting 2000 views in one hour

- Genius YouTube Advice for 15 Minutes Straight...: Kind: captions Language: en here's some amazing YouTube advice from 10 very successful YouTubers let's get into number one any of you listening if if you especially if you have zero videos on your channel your first video is not going to give views period it's not your first 10 are not gonna give views I can very confidently say that so stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading like all you need to do is this applies to people that have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make 100 videos and improve something every time do that and then on your 100 first video we'll start talking like maybe you can get some views but you know your first hundred okay there are very free cases like Liza koshy or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them so as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making the NBA like yes there are free cases you can find but for the average person like us you know who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know backgrounds in filmmaking just make 100 videos improve something each time and then talk to me on your 101st video well do you prove something is times tricky one how do you improve something each time the second one just I don't know put more effort into the script the third one try to learn a new editing trick the fourth one try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice the fifth one try to you know study a new thumbnail tip and implement it the sixth one try to figure out a new title there's infinite ways that's the beauty of content creation online there's literally infinite ways from the coloring to the frame rate to the editing to the filming to the production to the jokes to the pacing to every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved there's no there's literally no such thing as a perfect video don't really worry about what your Niche is like people get hung up on this like I don't know what to make videos about it would be like a writer saying I don't know what to write about therefore I'm not going to write or like an artist saying I don't know what my masterpiece is going to be therefore I'm not going to hold a paintbrush it's totally okay for your Niche to emerge over time yes you can take a very calculating route and plot it out in advance and be like okay this is my path or you can do what I recommend which is just start making videos on YouTube about whatever you enjoy whatever you want if I was starting on YouTube I wouldn't really worry about the niche thing I just think you know what let me make videos about the things that I enjoy maybe some close-up magic because I'm not a total loser maybe like iPhones maybe like you know my favorite pen maybe like you know tips are getting started on YouTube maybe Life as a medical student maybe like whatever experiences in my life that I enjoy talking about and that I think I could teach on the internet that is the stuff I would start making videos about and over time as you start making videos about things that you enjoy the audience starts to resonate with some of those things and so your Niche ends up emerging over time I never thought I would be a productivity YouTuber but I seem to have become a productivity YouTuber because that Niche just sort of emerged over time it was not forward planned in advance and so if you've got a lot of interest if you've got a lot of things you're interested in or even if you don't know what to talk about on YouTube just start making stuff and you will figure it out don't be one of those writers who says I don't know what my bestseller book is going to be about therefore I'm not going to write a single word it's the same with YouTube who cares if you don't know what your Niche is your Niche can your Niche will change over time I started off making videos for medical school applicants I now no longer care about medical school applicants in terms of making video is and therefore it's it just sort of changes over time so don't worry about it don't overthink it just make the videos that you enjoy at start the wrongest call to action is to watch another video because now all of a sudden your channel went from like say eight minutes of watch time to 16 minutes of watch time if they watch another one and it shows that this person is in your little Watch Web it also gives you another ad impression like that is the metric that YouTube cares about sure you could ask them to comment you can ask them to like that's totally fine but watching another video exposes them to more of your content and shows YouTube I am a channel that keeps people on this platform for 16 minutes rather than just eight minutes yep that's incredibly well and for everyone listening to call to actions it sounds like one in the first third that may be the like you don't want to ask me to watch another video and leave your correct charm one yes an outro just to clarify is watch another correct yes as opposed to decision fatigue up like watch comment pick that subscribe yeah people don't do any of those it's it's a meaningless call to action Patty Galloway was talking about the ideas of your video and then he's also talking about the titles when it comes to ideas and this is something we do I just don't think we've talked about it enough no for sure he said to think of 100 ideas bring it down to the top 10 and then choose one he goes I can't believe when people think of one video idea and they just go and make it keep in mind these were like Mr Beast he's working with people who require a like killer video idea the point is ideas matter so much on YouTube start with volume and then work your way in the best ones you know transitioning from a video idea to actually landing on a title when Patty was talking about titles it's just crazy how just the reframing of the right title will cause so much interest and his word was curiosity he gave a really cool example he was working with a client in the first variation of the title was inside a 1.7 million dollar New York Loft they didn't really love it and it wasn't there was nothing really interesting about it except the money value but there's probably more expensive ones or whatever right so then they they change it to I found the best loss left in New York and they liked it better they thought it improved and then they added one more thing to it which was I found the best Loft in NYC dot dot dot but nobody wants it and they were like that's the title they opened up this curiosity Loop if it's the best Loft in New York City why does nobody want it how can you breed curiosity into that because naturally you want to click on something that Sparks curiosity you want to know the answer and so you want to click on that video on that note of like deciding what videos to make how much are you good how much does it play on your mind of oh I know if I make this sort of video it'll get this this many views versus more like I feel like making this video because I feel like it and sort of that to me that's always felt like a bit of a spectrum of like doing things because I feel like it versus doing things because I know they'll perform well um how how do you think about sort of videos along along that Spectrum yeah so I think this is super lucky that the videos that I know will do well are the most interesting to me also because they're about probably a piece of tech that is so cool that I want to check it out anyway right so on one half it's like what videos will do well it's uh the the hottest gadgets the most impressive new things that people haven't seen before uh collaborations with really cool interesting people those I I know before we make them are like oh those are going to do pretty well and then on the other half is what do I want to do and sometimes it's well I want to check out this gadget this seems pretty cool well I kind of want to talk to this person they seem really interesting to talk to and suddenly like they're like meshing together and it's kind of the same pool of things so often um again it's like I don't have that much pressure to to like I don't really I'm not interested I'm not into this video but I'm gonna do it anyway because I know what it'll get a lot of views that doesn't happen too often for me because if I know it's going to get a lot of views why is that going to get a lot of views because it's a really interesting piece of tech oh okay so I'm in and has that always been your attitude or was that a thing that changed over time I think that's something I figured out over time I know that there are videos that I make that aren't going to blow up like the ones that are the most popular gadgets but I still want to share them because I still think they're cool and I think if I can make the video in a way that actually shows why I'm so interested in it then it will eventually be interesting to people and we'll catch on so I think that's something I sort of learned probably in the second half of making videos which is that yeah we can we can sort of justify pretty much any video we want to make hey I'd like to take a moment to talk about the sponsor of this video podcast whether you want to do a solo podcast or have all of your friends on podcast allows you to have up to 10 remote guests at a time one of the coolest Parts about this is that each person is going to be recorded locally on separate tracks and it's really easy for bringing guests on because they don't even need a podcast or account you just need to send them their link and then they can come onto your Show podcast even has a mobile app which makes it really easy for recording and exporting your content on the go they truly make it as simple as possible to produce your podcast thank you so much podcast though for sponsoring this video is there ever a point where it's like there's too much content I can't watch at all I think so and that's why sometimes you don't create even more content is not necessarily a bad thing because somebody might skip a day and if they watch your video today and they didn't watch yesterday they'll be like oh I go back she had one yesterday so let me go back and watch that I mean I think it's really just about like focusing on what your audience is sometimes you might not know what your audience is but just listen to them I mean I'm very quickly able to tell if somebody likes a video or they don't like a video in the comments but I think the most painful comments is if the ones where people are like man you know I usually really like your videos but this one wasn't my favorite I'm like oh shoot bird will you ever delete the videos no I mean I've definitely set some to private um mostly because it was just like announcement videos it's like you don't want it up there yeah it's like hey it comes over yeah come meet me here well that was like a week ago right okay even small YouTube channels can lead to Big opportunities one of the things that people make a mistake of is they're too focused on vanity metrics and so we think and we have mistakenly defined success on YouTube as you got to get a silver play button you got to get a gold play button it's about getting as mil as many views as possible and I believe that's a flawed definition of success views or subscribers are not the only metrics for Success one of the underappreciated benefits of starting a YouTube channel is the connections and communities that you build with your audience YouTube allows you to build an a loyal and engaged following which can lead to opportunities for monetization other forms of income collaborations and even career opportunities so the mistake people are making is they're like is it too late to start a YouTube channel it's like what do you even mean like is it too late to start a viral YouTube channel why do you even need to go viral what if you have a different business model what if you get a promotion at your job what if it leads to that next connection or that next partner whatever leads to your future spouse like there's a lot of opportunities that could come from starting a YouTube channel and so you know I just want to present you the data that possibly defining it just by subscribers or vanity metrics is a limited if not completely flawed definition of success and speaking of starting a new channel or if your channel is small if you haven't heard we actually are doing a five-day free YouTube challenge and so if you go to tube1kchallenge.com for the new year if you're interested in saying Sean I do see the opportunity on YouTube I would like to learn some of the best tips and strategies you can go to tube number 1K the letter K challenge.com right now if you want to jump start your views right now and maybe you're not getting the momentum or the growth that you want is jump on Trends within your Niche can you talk about how that completely changed everything to you and what your thoughts are when it comes to people jumping on Trends and what are your tips yeah I think doesn't he call that a trend hacking yeah for sure yeah that's everything right now that's what Mr Beast and from the biggest to the smallest that is one of the best ways to Garner views and the audience and uh following the subscribers and sessions so um for me it's kind of funny I know if I have a gadget a tech product that is maybe about to be released if I get maybe a pre-release review unit then it's almost like four certain okay well people are going to be searching about it and talking about it right on that release date and so that video will do well now of course um you don't always get that product early that's very that's very hard especially when you're first starting out so maybe if that product just releases and I can maybe go buy it and then quick in a couple days turn around the video that will often do well another thing is a scene that wave or that Trend uh the virality of something before it hits I was on that wave right before it started to take off and that's why I think um I made it just a well condensed little review of video on hoverboards and uh and then YouTube really liked it it's like okay this is the authority on hoverboards and so when all these millions of people are searching for hoverboards and how to buy one and stuff like that I was the one that they promoted and so uh there's a lot of it's easier said than done but trying to stay ahead of the curve on what that next trend is going to be and then uh riding that wave and then you gotta remember that that wave will finish it'll crash down and then you gotta paddle back out and then find the next one nothing uh survives forever so I see a lot of people even myself hoverboards they were hot for a little while and then they faded away and it's like okay if I only did hoverboard reviews my channel would be dead but I had to Pivot and I like all things Tech anyway so that was kind of a natural fit but uh but yet always looking for that next wave is really key so what's the secret to creating a good short a lot of b-rolls everything that I stayed I have a b-roll like and then the doctor came in with this interesting device and I showed the device so every phrase has to be supported by footage that shows what's going on and the more relevant the footage is the better it is for the video they have to be as relevant as possible because sometimes we go to Shutterstock I like we're talking about oh a lot of students in the US and then we have these faces that we've seen everywhere like plastic acting you know I don't know they'll like you see they're not relatable because they're actors and the production quality is amazing but this is not what works for shorts something that's raw something that is filmed with an iPhone maybe worse quality this is what people are looking for in that type of content we experimented a lot with repurposed videos from YouTube you can just tell that this video was not made for shorts and you're like why should I bother if the Creator didn't bother creating a short specific video and we noticed that once I switched to creating content specifically for short videos that the traction has been tremendous there's such a tendency especially in a world where able to count your views in real time that if it doesn't work today it's never going to work and you know like I talked to Jimmy Mr Beast about this a lot like I spent whatever seven years making videos before he had one that broke a thousand views or something extraordinary like that and now he's doing a billion views a month um or my brother van who's the most brilliant mind on all of YouTube and you know van had this initial explosion of interest because he and I worked so hard to promote his first you know his first videos and then I explained to him I was like look it's all going to go away you're going to find your Baseline then you're gonna build from there and he's been consistently uploading for a year making the best work he can make and now he's really building out what is going to be a successful long-term career making videos and putting them on the Internet yeah it's extremely unsexy it's extremely uninteresting and no one wants to hear that it takes time but it takes time and I think if uh it's something that especially if you're young and just getting into this you don't want to invest but patience is really the most undervalued um aspect of succeeding in the world of media today you have all the agency in the world you don't need anything from anyone but if you're not willing to commit the time to it you're never going to find that success 100 if you want to learn how to grow a YouTube channel this year then click on the screen and watch this video and I'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [31 likes]: 🔥 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉  https://geni.us/zBYxN
  2. @Daniel_art-i9h [1 likes]: I will never give up
  3. @KishTalksCredit [1 likes]: This video is gold, thank you!
  4. @sumotriangle [1 likes]: Best advice compilations
  5. @makiomototv [1 likes]: Everyone who is reading this comment, I hope your channel grows this year and you get monetized. This video motivated me to start a youtube channel!
  6. @rhyme_asmr [1 likes]: 100likes, and I'll ask my friend go to date😢
  7. @GenXStuff: Yep, stuck, brand new.... and needed to see and hear all of this.  Thank you for the time you took to make this video for me. Needed it.
  8. @ABC_Beats-d8s: Thanks for the advice, I'm getting motivated over this.
  9. @BrookeYt-u3t: All small creators gather here
  10. @AshikAli-md2ci: how to improve memory and focus
  11. @TheHealingHand22: Thanks for sharing!!!
  12. @中村美桜-u7v: My confusion just rage quit.
  13. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  14. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  15. @Joe_AmazingSlots: Just started my YouTube channel. I am going to post until my dreams come true.
  16. @teegaming121: THE GRIND DONT STOP!!!
  17. @josephinesuji5900: That is exactly what I am doing. I am now on the 380th video and still hoping. They are however mostly very short videos
  18. @Trading4Newbies: Alot of knowledge 💯 👌
  19. @ClassicComedyRewind: As a new channel this video helped me.  Thank you.
  20. @Verde_Vlogs: My goal is to reach 100k subscribers and this video truly helps.

- Lessons Learned from creating 3,000+ Explainer Videos 📹: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'll share the lessons i've learned through creating more than 3 000 videos for companies all over the world and what really separates the best videos from the rest so stay [Music] tuned hey this is matt and welcome back to the channel over the past decade my company wisel has become one of the world's leading creators of animated explainer videos we've created over 3000 videos for more than 1 500 clients in 40 countries worldwide and they're all designed to help them reach an audience or explain their products services and ideas as you might expect this experience has taught us lots of lessons about what works and sadly sometimes what doesn't so while no two videos are exactly the same i wanted to lay out what i believe are the characteristics of every great marketing video so let's do it my first point to touch on is video length now different rules apply for how long your video can actually be for example if you've got a captive audience like a team training session your video can be much longer than if you're doing say like an ad campaign but the quickest read to failure regardless of what video type you make is failing to ask the question how long will my audience actually pay attention to this now we all know that people have short attention spans these days but you can extend this by making sure the video is interesting dynamic and stay in the audience's shoes all the way through so constantly ask yourself is this concise enough could it be shorter and just be brutal isolate your main point the light bulb moment and just get to it as quickly as you can and at that point it's job done okay everybody that's a wrap next up let's touch on the hook this is the first few seconds of the video and its ability to grab your audience's attention and keep them interested in what you've got to say again this is particularly important for interruptive videos like pre-roll ads but it applies to all marketing videos because as we all know first impressions count to make the most of every view why not try this approach try working out the most important thing you want the end user to take away from the video and just say that right at the very start to get them hooked then once you've got their attention you have the whole rest of the video to make other points and explain further next let's talk about pacing pacing is really important slow videos often feel boring whereas fast videos can feel rushed and overwhelming you want your video to move at the right pace to keep your audience engaged but you also need to make sure you're given a chance to fully digest the message and good news is i actually have a rule for this a well-paced professional voice-over should run at around 135 words a minute after creating thousands of videos this is just where i find the sweet spot lies next up a word about style video is one big label for literally dozens of different styles of video from live action videos like this one to screen recorded videos through to animated videos interactive videos and beyond all of these videos have the strengths and weaknesses but branding is key here you need to do some research into your competitors and see what videos they've created then create videos that stand out in the market you want them to look different feel different and sound different this is just how you'll get attention in your market okay let's talk about the call to action this is essentially a signpost at the end of the video telling your audience what to do next we've already touched on how you can't include every detail in your video call to action lets you direct the viewer towards the next step in the journey to find out more this could be a website a free trial a demo another video it's really up to you whatever it is just make sure you capitalize on the interest you've built by getting that viewer to the end of your video and tell them exactly what you want them to do next and finally i want to make a broad point about strategy one video is a great investment and there are super versatile videos that cover loads of different bases and give you a great return on investment but the best videos are always part of a diverse dynamic set this means you can hit your audience with different messages punchy short and sweet ads or without being repetitive and when you have your audience interested and into your sales cycle different types of videos can support that so product demos tutorials customer testimonials etc the more ways you use video the more ways you can win so those are my top tips and lessons from creating more than 3 000 videos to recap don't be boring stand out respect your audience's attention span get to the point choose the right hook choose the right style be explicit in the action you want the viewer to take and use different types of videos to support all parts of your sales cycle and customer journey if you like this video don't forget to leave me a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel for new videos each and every week

  Top Comments:
  1. @BradJamesH [2 likes]: Wow! I’m ready to create some explainer videos for my business.  Your pace is perfect.  So is your tone.  I get too excited and yell.  What’s the best tone to maintain?
  2. @kasimjaved: Love your channel Matt would love to connect. I run a marketing agency and interested to see how we could plugin your services
  3. @VladyslavKL: 🦋
  4. @nababhattacharya8630: Amazing video very helpful video.
  5. @swtamit: Excellent & very impressive information about Making video.Thanks for your explanation
  6. @pjdchannel4030: Thanks for idea now I know what do to it will help me a lot. Thank you!
  7. @sayanchakraborty2950: Nice
  8. @ZakiZaki-to1up: Wow, this is really great and very excellent information about Create Better Videos
I benefited a lot from this tutorial
  9. @nyctophile12star: Thank you for sharing ur experience..❤️
  10. @lipimondal357: This is very intereing video
  11. @manjulasen4024: Very interesting and helpful video. Thank you so much for sharing this video with us. I'm very interested
  12. @chhayamondal9844: Thanks for sharing this video
  13. @mayaburo137: Thank you for your video

- Chunking Lessons to Increase Retention: Kind: captions Language: en this is sprouts cool science produced by&nbsp; minute videos teaching technique number&nbsp;&nbsp; one how do I retain my students attention&nbsp; research suggests that students attention&nbsp;&nbsp; reduces dramatically about fifteen minutes into&nbsp; class within 30 minutes it is often as low as&nbsp;&nbsp; 20% of the original level and after forty-five&nbsp; minutes it's almost entirely gone given that we&nbsp;&nbsp; spend up to 12 years in school it becomes&nbsp; clear how important it is to increase the&nbsp;&nbsp; time where your students actually pay attention&nbsp; one method to fight boredom and keep attention&nbsp;&nbsp; high is to reduce the session length you can&nbsp; break them up into segments with small breaks&nbsp;&nbsp; in between even if that does not mean students&nbsp; get back to the initial high studies show that&nbsp;&nbsp; whenever a new section begins attention is&nbsp; lifted dramatically before it drops again a&nbsp;&nbsp; history teacher for example could break up&nbsp; Columbus's voyage over the ocean into four&nbsp;&nbsp; chunks with short one-minute breaks in between&nbsp; in the first 20 minutes the teacher could tell&nbsp;&nbsp; the story about the voyage the next 15 minutes&nbsp; students could discuss in groups what could have&nbsp;&nbsp; been dangerous about sailing during these days&nbsp; then each group could present their discoveries&nbsp;&nbsp; for another 15 minutes in the last segment the&nbsp; teacher could complete the students findings&nbsp;&nbsp; and bring them in context with the actual risks&nbsp; of Columbus's expedition please use the comments&nbsp;&nbsp; section below to let us know what you think if&nbsp; you are a student tell us if the method improves&nbsp;&nbsp; your learning if you are a teacher share with&nbsp; us how you apply it in class we're releasing&nbsp;&nbsp; updates regularly so don't forget to subscribe&nbsp; and like us on Facebook thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @enzovanleeuwen331 [9 likes]: The drawing is amazing !!!! I love it !!!
  2. @regandevereaux5079 [6 likes]: I am both a student (for life I hope!) & a teacher and I very much enjoy your videos. You're able to provide a large amount of information in compact, engaging shorts. The active illustration combined with pleasing though non-typical voice-over actors, well.. works! I have ADHD undiagnosed 'till age 40 so I am acutely aware of what is or isn't dynamically engaging. My only comment is on the use of Columbus as a teaching model example for anything other than  the scourge he & all "explorers" unleashed upon every indigenous civilization which they​ encountered. I am not criticizing for the sake of it but trying to point out the disparity between the excellent teaching/learning models you're​ so skillfully presenting and the example of Columbus' voyages which was boring, biased bull#*+t in the 1960s, if you'll pardon my french, but today is generally considered nonsense and not History. 
      Okay, rave complete! So I thank you all for your most worthy work which is unrivaled in excellence. Please keep up the desperately​ needed, good work!
        Sincerely Yours,
     Regan Devereaux

Los Gatos, CA
16th April 2017
  3. @mohammadumar7545 [2 likes]: I am a student .Yes this is a good idea ,we should make the students to imagine  and tell their imagination to the teacher , for students this might be like a competition , by keeping that in mind they will create new imagination. Yeah , this  is a good idea for grammar
  4. @jeannejohnson3578 [2 likes]: great short video. I don't give breaks, but I do have students turn and talk and move around so  it feels like they're getting a break in cognition.
  5. @yamcundangan3325 [2 likes]: Oh. This reminds me of the Pomodoro Technique.
  6. @PlanetZnation [1 likes]: Having a teacher because the money was the only thing they cared about now im re teaching myself
  7. @floydpettigrew3690 [1 likes]: I like how the christopher columbus part was put I think that's how his part of history should be taught anyways because I think it might be false or covering something else up that happened in that time during his adventure.
  8. @torriwashington7624 [1 likes]: I like the video and i think it will help me study more
  9. @lindadudley7303 [1 likes]: I like the drawing I will take that in consideration
  10. @ToneBone01: Do you have any videos on tbi like tips and life hacks or could you make something like that I feel like I’m a child sometimes since 2020
  11. @carcinusmeanus: Chunking is a great way to learn and recall, I would also add in a small quiz or something to asses knowledge and then a recall task in the following lesson to see what has been remembered.
  12. @toastytim6413: Would you be so kind as to pay your voice actors.
  13. @danthonyd.williamssr.9206: It sounds feasible!!!
  14. @imsubscriber7282: 2020 😍
  15. @antonioara8622: Ottimo suggerimento, spiegato in modo molto efficace
  16. @LicitafacilBR: Muito bom o vídeo 
Por isso a importância de usar a técnica do pomodoro
  17. @alvitahmiid5984: yo man 🍷🍷🍷🍷

- Can't Hit 57% YouTube Video Retention? TRY THIS: Kind: captions Language: en On YouTube, there is a wealth of information to help creators grow their channels, but most of it is a dangerous distraction from what really matters. Arguments about tags and wondering if you should or shouldn't ask people to subscribe and not fixes for your problem. Getting better viewer retention is. So, if you're sitting there frustrated that everything you do seems to change nothing, then it's time to shift all of your focus to making videos that keep your viewers eyes glued to the screen. Now, I'm not going to sit here and say I have 80% retention on every video because that's just not true. But it is possible. And just knowing that information is the important part of this because retention should be about always trying to improve your videos, not just aiming for a single magic number. So, I set out to try and find a way to show you some of the best retention tips going. And that's when I remembered a YouTuber with 1.6 million subscribers, someone who smashes out hit after hit and is one of the best at keeping you interested in her content. and her name is Shelby Church. Now, whether you've heard of Shelby or not, pulling apart her videos with me are going to let you in on some of the top retention techniques big YouTube channels use all of the time without you even realizing. But right now, you're probably wondering, what is a good retention percentage for a video? But I'm afraid to say a good percentage isn't 50% or 60. It's 85 in the case of Mr. Beast. What I want you to realize is this number doesn't matter at all. What matters is how you react to this number when you see it. A good audience retention percentage is always about trying to beat your previous personal best. So, I dedicated quite a lot of time to watch one of Shelby's videos over and over again to analyze what it is that she does to make such engrossing content. And the first thing that stuck out more than anything else is that Shelby is an epic storyteller. Story is incredibly important when it comes to getting a high viewer retention percentage and keeping people interested. Now, you can simply tell a story by just saying one like I did at the start of this. Remember this, but just telling a story is only scratching the surface of what's possible here. Really, you need to show it the Shelby way. So, to learn more about retention, I focused on one of Shelby's videos that she made about how to make money using the writing platform Medium. because she managed to make a really impressive video without leaving her bedroom, which meant I had to watch the same video over and over again. So, let's kick this off by analyzing how Shelby creates intros and in particular her hook. These days, with everyone being stuck at home, you might be looking for a way to make money online. So, the line here is these days of everyone being stuck at home, you might be looking for a way to make more money online. Now, I mentioned in my watchtime video that you want to work out what your viewers really care about within the video you are making. And Shelby's intro hits her viewers interest hard because it was released at the start of the pandemic when people were worried about making money. So, to the viewer, it's like she's reading their mind. But not only that, but watching her videos, there was clearly another layer to her storytelling, and that's that she tells her story using B-roll. So, let me get you up to speed with what B-roll is exactly. me right now talking to you. This is known as A-roll. It's the narrative part of the video. B-roll is the footage that goes on top of the A-roll, and that helps to tell a story. The important thing here is your B-roll needs to work with what's being said by the A-roll. So, the opening line, "These days, with everyone being stuck at home, you might be looking for ways to make money." Then, shows Shelby at home looking a bit worried. Also, what I love about this shot is the way she's sat on her chair kind of isolated makes it feel like she's more alone. And this is how a lot of people would have been feeling that. It could have been about the 10th time of watching the video's intro when something else stuck out, like a sore pair of eyes that have been watching the same video over and over again. And that was the pace. Shelby has 10 different changes of scene in the first 20 seconds. In fact, one shot is never on screen for more than 3 seconds. And then the second part of her intro sets up her viewer as to what the channel is about. Now, this is often a place that kills retention and slows things down because people feel the need to elaborate as to what their channel is about. And then some people love to show logo stingers and a montage of video clips that just get in the way of what your viewers care about. Here, Shelby does exactly what those kind of stingers attempt to do, but in a way that's really interesting and useful. And she says, "On my channel, we've already gone over a bunch of ways people do this with YouTube, podcasts, Amazon, even Airbnb." by talking about the past. What she was really doing was letting people know not just what she's about, but what else is on her channel that they can watch after, too. Now, the next thing about this intro, which might surprise you, is that in the first 60 seconds, Shelby's only on camera talking for 18 seconds. Everything else is B-roll. In fact, there are 19 clips of B-roll in the first 60 seconds here. So almost 2/3 of her opening minute, she's not on screen talking, which tells you just how important it is to add other video clips and keep things going. So that's the first thing I want you to try and do to boost your attention is to film footage that helps you tell a visual story, which you are then going to add to your A-roll. And then try to get as close as you can to only ever being on screen for a third of the video. So I felt like 20 views of the first 60 seconds of this video was probably enough. and I moved on to the main part of her video to find out how exactly Shelby kept our attention for the rest of it. Now, if you were hoping that you would only need to do 60 seconds of non-stop footage changes, well, I'm afraid it's not that easy this. Shelby maintains her storytelling and B-roll at the same pace throughout the entire video. The next 10 and 1/2 minutes used the same techniques as the first 60 seconds. And the thing that makes this style so genius is it never feels like you're watching an educational video. Not once. I kept watching the video and the next thing that stuck out was how Shel's retention busting video was a personal journey, too. And viewers love a journey. So, 4 minutes 36 seconds into the video, this is the part where the story really kicks off. And I just love what she does to hold your attention. Watch this. First things first, time to write something. We need something to write about. I decided to just transcribe one of my videos that's already done really well on YouTube. Did you notice that? I'm going to play it again, but this is something Shelby absolutely dominates with. Okay, first things first. Time to write something. We need something to write about. I decided to just transcribe one of my videos that's already done really well. And what Shelby does is she has a clip in the past. And in the past, she's wearing a different colored outfit and it's a different camera angle to what we've seen so far. And she says, "Okay, first things first, time to start writing something." So, the viewer suddenly transported back in time to the start of her personal journey where she's going to try and write an article for Medium. And then straight after that, her voice comes in as the narrator and fills you in with what happened after that. The whole video just keeps jumping back and forths between past tense and present narrative. So, it's multi-dimensional content and that is just a beast for your retention because it's not predictable. Now, it's not easy to do. I've been trying to do it in this video and I don't know if I've pulled it off. So, the next thing to try for retention is to develop a personal story within your content. Record yourself doing the thing you were trying to teach and talk to the camera during it to discuss what you're doing and what stage you're at. And then jump in and record a voice over and narrate what actually happened after to speed the story up and fill in the gaps. Of course, using B-roll the whole way to make it more interesting. I don't actually wear glasses. But there was still one thing on my mind. How can you guys make videos like this? So, I mentioned earlier that Shelby made this without leaving her home. So, she does an amazing job of keeping this visually interesting without really having much to show. And that's where I'm going to start by looking at her set with you. Now, with all respect to Shelby, there's nothing special about this setup, but at the same time, that's exactly why it's fantastic for you, because I think anyone could get this great look without it being overly complicated. So, here there's two doors behind her, and we know from another shot that her bed's in this room, too. So, it's not a big room. That's important because most people don't have giant filming spaces. But there are also no distractions. It's tidy. It's minimal. It's real. And she's not even hidden her wires or hard drives. So if you're spending ages on your setup every time you film, you're worried about all the finest details. Spend that time on working out how to tell your story instead because it's clearly more important. So that's her set. What kind of kit do you need to make this work? Well, the good news is Shelby's not actually using a really expensive camera here at all. She shot this on the Panasonic GH5. But actually, there's some things Shelby does that you can do no matter what the camera you have is or your budget that's going to help you with your attention. And the first thing I want to talk to you about is how she uses movement. Now, what you'll notice a lot about Shelby's footage is there is always movement. You see that there? It's very slight. When it comes to retention, this slight movement does keep people interested. I'll give you an example to show you what I mean with three static clips followed by the same clicks with some movement. The first thing you're going to notice is the static look okay. And when people watch them, it won't offend them. But when you just add a tiny bit of movement to them like this, you can see straight away that suddenly the clips just look better, right? So try this. When you have your B-roll, put it into your editing software and animate it slightly. You can do this on almost all editing software. If yours can't, I'm afraid it's time to upgrade if you're serious about this. Enlarge your image by about 15 to 20% so it doesn't lose too much quality. And then you can add what's called a key frame here. Shuffle down the clip. Add another key frame here. And then on this last key frame, move the B-roll to the right or the left. If we watch that back, you can see there's a very subtle movement. The other option is to zoom in a little too. So you hit the key frame and shuffle down the clip a little and then zoom in and you get this very subtle movement in again. Now don't rush this movement. You want it to be slow and steady. If it looks fast, it looks rubbish. Now, as I watched Shelby's video, one thing stuck out as very smart. She clearly didn't have many options to film because there's a pandemic going on and she's got to stay at home. So, when you don't have things to film, you have to get creative. So, instead, she filmed herself in action and acted out some scenes. So, if you don't have anything that interesting to film for B-roll, act out your own scenarios to tell the visual story. Now, your camera angles are the next thing that going to help you make your content more interesting and boost retention. Now, I'm not going to go into cinematography here, but what I want you to think about is how you can get more for less. So, the amount of B-roll Shelby uses is pretty epic, and you might not have enough time to get all of this. So, the first thing to do is to always shoot a wide and a close of your setup. You can then in the edit jump between these two, and that's going to help keep people interested and tell your story. And this is another retention attention keeper. So, Shel's screenshots and graphics are really well put together. And the great news is they're actually pretty simple to achieve. If we look at her first screenshot, she's using it to help tell a story, but you can see that the text gives it the interest and that movement. Now, I've taken that clip and I've added a little bit of movement to it, which personally I prefer, and I think it just takes it to another level. The next thing here could actually just be a photo. And in the edit, it looks like they've just added some movement to it. So, remember, you don't always have to film stuff. You can just take photos and add that motion, and they're great for helping tell a story. Next, how Shelby uses text is something that really works, too. She uses it to give you the timeline of a story by telling you what day she's on. And by the way, I don't want to ruin this for you. We don't actually need to film this over multiple days. Shelby might have, but it's way easier to make a video like this that tells a story if you just film it all on the same day, change outfits, and then act out the whole thing. Sorry if I'm ruining the magic of YouTube here, but it really does save a lot of time. The text also backs up big points, and she fills the screen with it. It's another element that keeps it visual and moving. What had become apparent with Shel's videos was that the story in the timeline was really the tough part to grasp. So, I think the way that Shelby uses music throughout her whole piece also adds to the interest in the retention. She's just got this chilled beat going on and it gives it a little bit more energy. So, it's not just one song on repeat, but like a film, it's got its own little soundtrack. Importantly though, it never interferes with the narrative. Now, that's a lot of work, right? And really, you have to make a decision. This will take you a lot more time, but you need to start trying new things and leveling up your videos. Cuz if you keep just making videos and wishing people watched for longer and never really change anything, then nothing's going to change. And if you spend all your time trying to work out how YouTube works and you don't focus on your content, you're going to learn a lot about YouTube, but you're still not going to make great videos because you can't hack quality. In my next video, I'm going to show you how to increase audience retention after you have uploaded your

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilcoCup [3 likes]: "She uses an inexpensive camera" proceeds to show a camera that is like 4 tonnes minimum wage for a month in my country
  2. @NolusWithUs [1 likes]: Bro’s actually in love with Shelby
  3. @HarlemProbeTrotter [1 likes]: She’s hot…that’s her secret.
  4. @W_REX3000: i agree, it is about trying to tell the story for some videos. i use the song to tell the story and i show the clips to match the lyrics when i edit AMVs.
  5. @17testo: I’m struggling with my retention at the beginning. Help please 🙏🏾
  6. @ratelockosrs: 0:04 - 0:005 bad cut
  7. @Storyshortzchannel: May I have your advice, my retention rate always fall at 45%. What could it be ?
  8. @DrSobana: Really helpful stuff!
  9. @Keptionpoker: Yo thx 😎
  10. @TheBrandonnnn: lol thats funny you used shelby church as an example of "keeping you interested" in her videos because I used to be subbed to her and then unsubbed at one point because I found her to be boring. I guess different strokes is super true
  11. @leobrennauer: Amazing! But what if the algorithm doesn’t seem to find the right audience for your video? All the best editing and story telling does not help than, does it?
  12. @KARAMBA_LOCO: Tremendous
  13. @LearnAmharicFast: Oh, what is that on your table by thewa?
  14. @Daily_Motivational_Quotes--d7n: :face-red-heart-shape:
  15. @AdrianoCars: Wow, your attention to detail is impressive. I initially wanted to create the wheels, but as you taught me, we should focus on learning what works.
  16. @MoArtsTech: Thanks for the nice content. 
I wish all small creators including myself 🙈 the best success 🙌 ❤
  17. @realjackeal: Thank you as always, Ed, for these super informational videos backed up by your countless hours of hard research! ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @mozeegrafy: Maturity is when you realise that this person hooked you 100% to his video💀
  19. @SuhReelz: And what if I have a gaming channel I have been going for about 7 months now but have been extremely heavy on learning and growing every single video even throughout each short, also with channel stats. But it seems everything I try nothing seems to change so I don’t know what to add ir take out of my videos ppl in my comments say I have potential but then every video is ran down to a bad retention rate what do I do 🤦
  20. @alex44344: took too long to explain, i click off

- 7 YouTube Editing Tips to Instantly Boost Retention: Kind: captions Language: en my business partner Maro and I have created videos with retention graphs like this which has led to views like this this and even this and today I'm going to show you these seven editing techniques that we use to make this happen consistently by the way I'll be using capcut to show you these techniques because it's free and they've also sponsored this video but you can use any editing software that you like starting with number one don't overedit for your audience a mistake I see a lot of creators make is that they think more editing equals better performance which simply isn't the case I've even made this mistake myself in the past just take a look at the YouTuber penguin zero the man just throws in a few Cuts in b-roll Transitions and still brings in a few million views per video or take a look at my buddy micaa who's brought in hundreds of thousands of views with very simple a-roll and stock footage the point I'm making is that editing is not the star of the show it's simply the supplement which means that you need to align your style of editing with your audience's preferences and also realize that the value of your content is way more important than the way you present it if you have a younger audience you'll likely need to add more Transitions and fancy editing gimmicks to drive retention but on the contrary if you have an older audience you probably won't need to employ this as much and doing it might even overwhelm your audience so again the level of editing that you're employing in your content really just depends on who you're making videos for and again you definitely don't want to overedit number two is to raise your graphs now everyone knows that intros are the most important part of your video to drive retention so you'll watch to do what's called frontloading your video which means that you'll first want to pay special attention and put more work into the first 30 seconds or so of your video we keep the pace of our videos pretty similar throughout the entire thing but definitely add more animations b-roll and so on if it makes sense for the audience in those first 30 seconds to really Drive retention and keep viewers for the rest of the video but you'll also want to take this a step further if you really want to increase your attention now when you've consistently published videos for a while you'll start to get more and more data on your audience and how long they watch your videos this will obviously depend on video length and also the age of your viewers for the most part so for example if you have a younger audience your average watch time might be in the range of like 3 minutes versus if you have an older audience it might go up to let's say 6 or 7 Minutes whatever this is you'll want to expand the effort that you put into the first 30 seconds of your video to Encompass the same amount as your average watch time so you're pleasing as many viewers as possible now Beyond just raising your graphs you'll also want to flatten them after the front load of your your video you obviously don't have to edit as much in the latter part of your video but you definitely don't want a huge drop in retention after those first let's say three or 4 minutes otherwise you'll see dips like this where people drop off of your video and kill your attention So to avoid this you're going to want to keep a consistent style and relatively consistent pacing to bridge viewers from the beginning of your video to the end of your video and bump up your retention number four is to keep the big transitions for the big moments in your video transitions are a super important part of the editing process but if you're going to throw in a huge whoosh or Zoom or whatever else then you're going to want to make sure you do it at the right time to keep retention High some creators I talk to think big transitions in their edits equal better retention but unfortunately they don't instead they really only work when you're doing something big changing scenes or really anything else that warrants that big transition versus otherwise where people get distracted you overedit and they click off for example take a look at this clip of Mr Beast you can see that he uses a big transition sequence when he's going to one of the biggest houses in the video the key here is that if you're going to use a big transition sequence it needs to be at the right time and in every other scenario you're probably just going to want to use jump Cuts so you're not again being distracting and over editing and losing viewers remember editing shouldn't steal the show it should really just be a supplement to the value of your video number five is to focus on sound design sound design is crucial for creating immersion in your video and that doesn't mean everything needs a sound but for example if an icon slides onto the screen you're going to want to have a SL sliding noise if money falls in the floor you're going to want to have a noise for the money and so on or if you're using actual footage in your video you can even artificially improve sounds to get the exact same effect for example let's take a look at this clip in the movie The Lord of the Rings Bilbo drops the ring here and in order to convey the idea that the ring is super heavy the sound design team behind the movie artificially enhanced the sound obviously don't overuse this for example if you have subtitles in your video you're not going to want to have a pop anytime a subtitle comes on screen because again it gets distracting you're over editing and you lose viewers but otherwise be tasteful with it include sounds when you can to immerse the audience in your video and I promise you your attention will Skyrocket and if you're using cap cut PC like I am right now cap cut even includes a whole library of free sound effects that you can use in your videos to achieve this effect now building off of just using sound effects Tastefully in your videos you're also going to want to purposefully use music as a tool to boost retention I suggest first having the volume quiet enough where you can actually hear your voice over for me this is like -5 to -25 DB below the voiceover volume but for you it could be different however on top of that you'll also want to change the music when big things happen in your video like when you go from the intro to the body of your video or when you move from a section to another section or a place to a different place just like you'd use transitions you're going to want to change music to bring viewers over to these big changes when I first started on YouTube I saw music as an afterthought and I would honestly just throw one one or two songs in a video after I was finished with everything else but I soon realized that it was killing my retention music is powerful so you definitely want to be purposeful and use it to bridge viewers over different sections of your video different moments settings whatever number six is to get creative with your edits for example you can play subtitles on your video as a supplement to whatever you're saying but also if you're going to do that don't make the same mistake I used to and make all your subtitles manually instead if you're using cap cut PC you can use cap Cuts built in autoc captions tool to automatically add subtitles in whatever style you want to your video to use it all you have to do is click a button and if you have an audio track in your timeline capcut PC will automatically create captions for you without you having to do a thing you can also use cap cut or any other video editing software to create motion tracking on objects add text overlays create trending effects and so much more to add just a spice of creativity to your video and cap cut is great because it makes this way easier all this does is keeps your edits interesting for your viewers and also makes you more unique and more likely to stick out to your viewers finally tip seven is to give your viewers a break definitely don't be afraid to give your viewers a break a lot of YouTubers hyper stimulate their viewers with side by-side or even overlapping voiceover tracks and cuts and eventually it just becomes way too much for a viewer to digest if they're getting information thrown at them like crazy so instead in between different sections of your video I'd recommend giving your viewers a little bit of breathing room and you'll notice that some public speakers even do this like for example Barack Obama here has breaks in the way he speaks we know the battle ahead will be long but always remember that no matter what this makes him appear more confident and it doesn't hurt him because his audience is engaged enough to a point where little pauses really just keep them listening as opposed to making them tune you out so definitely cut your voiceovers this way too and you'll have better retention instantly on your videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisPrince-e5b [54 likes]: these tips are super insightful! i'll use them while editing my vids in movavi
  2. @BusinessDuck-1 [29 likes]: Is no one going to talk about how he said 6 or 7 minutes.
  3. @MrThatGuy-tv [9 likes]: Key points:
* Tailor editing to your audience: Don't over-edit for an older audience who might find it overwhelming.

 * Front-load your video: Do extra work in the first 30 seconds with animations and B-roll to increase initial retention [01:30].

 * Use big transitions for big moments: Reserve significant transitions for major scene changes and use simple jump cuts otherwise [02:59].

 * Focus on sound design: Use sound effects to enhance the action and create an immersive experience [03:55].

 * Use music as a tool: Keep the music volume low (-15 to -25 dB below the voiceover) and use it to bridge different sections of the video [04:59].

 * Get creative with edits: Use tools like automatic captions, motion tracking, and text overlays to make your content unique and engaging [05:56].

 * Give viewers a break: Avoid over-stimulating the audience with constant cuts and overlapping voiceovers. Incorporating small pauses can make you appear more confident and help maintain engagement [06:49].
  4. @RobbieHarajly [5 likes]: 6 or 7 minutes
  5. @theliamhyland [1 likes]: 02:13 67 everyone
  6. @Samis_Stuf [1 likes]: This is such a good video! Nj 👏
  7. @cashbase723: 🎉
  8. @VoidRantYT: thanks bro
  9. @Crepsified: Bro my retention is the same as the intro but doesn’t even break 5K sometimes 😂 and ctr is 7 but ik i gotta work on that
  10. @adramoloch: Will you please make insights on how to grow a music project channel?
  11. @lemmecarry: i just began posting on youtube, the struggle is real 😅
  12. @junkbox_productions: My newest vid is actually having a stable impression click-through rate and is getting some good views! I've done all the steps except for editing so this video should help a lot. I got the thumbnails down, the titles, and the themes. Thank you for this tutorial🫡
  13. @LoreAndOrderOfficial: Amazing video brother. I learned a lot
  14. @ArtFlowCrafts: thanks you for share
  15. @mathonblackboard: I have a very similar retention graph on one of my youtube videos but the number of views I got over 3 years is only about 4K and the average retention is only about 3 mins while my video length is of 11mins length.
  16. @Keketin: Great vid. :)
  17. @DogeyDaGoldenDawg: i give up
  18. @AleksButtoniarz: thanks
  19. @Classtar: hii:face-fuchsia-tongue-out:
  20. @Reprie: I hope I can remember everything that was said in the video. And try to add it to my editing... it's rough to watch, to say the least.

- Techniques to Enhance Learning and Memory | Nancy D. Chiaravalloti | TEDxHerndon: Kind: captions Language: en how many people would like to improve their memory all of us right memory failures are common we all have memory failures in our daily life and this is perfectly normal whether it be forgetting your car keys not remembering the name of an acquaintance or failing to show up for an appointment on time we all forget things we're not computers and our memories are not perfect but there are things that we can do to improve our memory functioning let's imagine for a minute that you have a medical illness that causes impaired memory substantially impaired memory there are many illnesses out there like this some have neurological causes like multiple sclerosis traumatic brain injury stroke others have non neurological causes disorders such as cardiac failure diabetes or perhaps major depression there are thousands of people out there that struggle really truly struggle with their memory functioning every single day but we can help them recent research at Kessler foundations has focused on memory rehabilitation and I'm here to tell you today that we are making progress but before I go on to tell you about some of the techniques we've developed I want to talk for just a minute about the memory process memory is actually a very complicated process but it gets blamed for a lot of things that doesn't necessarily fail at so memory is composed of three stages the first is encoding the second is consolidation and the third is retrieval today I'm focusing on encoding and the reason I'm focusing on encoding is because that is where the vast majority of memory failures occur when I use the term encoding what I'm referring to is learning new information many of us think of learning and we think about students and indeed students do do a lot of learning and it's actually their full-time jobs to learn information but we learn things every single day of our lives we are constantly relying on our learning and memory system so you may need to remember what to get at the store you may need to remember a series of to-do items throughout your day you're learning the name of a new acquaintance you're learning a new process that you might have to perform at work there are so many memory taxing situations in our daily lives that we can only improve our lives by learning this new information so how do we do that well a Kessler foundation we've identified several techniques that aid in learning new information and I'm going to tell you about two of those techniques today the first one is imagery imagery is the process by which we attach a mental image or picture to a verbal idea and you can do this with almost anything to take a simple example let's say you need to remember the word house you might picture your house by doing this what you're essentially doing is forcing your brain to duly encode information so the word house is being processed and remembered by your verbal memory networks in our society that's what we rely on constantly the image of the house is being processed and remembered by your visual spatial memory system which is located more posteriorly in your brain so what you're doing is you're increasing your brain activity and you're helping your your brain to learn new information in more than one manner so many people say well how does this help me I have to remember six or eight things to do and instead of remembering the things to do what you're simply telling me to do is remember a bunch of pictures I still have to remember a whole bunch of stuff and that's my problem well the secret is to combine unrelated material into one image so you can take five six seven ideas and you can incorporate them into an image and I'm going to show you an example of this let's say that you're leaving for work in the morning rushing out the door you have no paper you can't write anything down you have to remember to call your mother that day you have to remember to buy butter and apples on your way home you have to remember to pick up coffee for your 9:00 a.m. meeting because you want that meeting to go well coffee always helps and finally you need to remember that last night when you were working you had to change your network password and it's now blossom those are five completely unrelated pieces of information that you're going to need throughout your day you can combine them into one image and I'm going to show you how if you look on the screen in the center of the screen you see a face a picture of a mother that is best that the best image of the mother that you can use is your own mother because that's the most salient image for you that's the easiest image of a mother for you to call to mind so that would be person specific Jane's mother probably different from Tom's mother next you'll notice that the particular mother on the screen is sitting in a butter churner and this is to demonstrate an example perhaps the person who needs to remember this information is a history buff and the image of butter churner pops to his mind very simply so that's how he puts his he portrays his mother that is not going to work for most of us but it will work for this one individual so this is how he pictures his mother on the table next to the mother you see an apple here it's pictured as a red apple but perhaps you like green apples or you like gold apples so maybe you picture a different apple on the table if your mother really likes apples do you might picture your mother eating that Apple anything that makes that image more salient and more specific to your experiences and your memories next to the Apple you have that cup of coffee remember you have to pick up coffee on your way to your 9:00 a.m. meeting I want you to notice something about that cup of coffee that cup of coffee isn't an on-the-go cup and there's a reason for that the reason is that when I have my coffee I never ever sit down at a table and have a cup of coffee I'm always running from one place to another and I have the on-the-go cup in my hand that's alien to me my husband on the other hands sits down at the kitchen table and has his cup of coffee in his mug every single morning his image would be different his coffee would be in his mug because that's a very easy image for him to call to mind the final thing you had to remember was that last night you had to change your network password to the word blossom that seems like it should be easy to picture blossoms fairly simple you could picture a bouquet of flowers you could picture a garden you could picture many many different things tulips roses but how do you remember that the word you need to retrieve is blossom not bouquet not tulips not garden it's blossom well this is how I would do it I associate the word blossom most strongly with the cherry blossoms that bloom in Washington DC that's just the most the strongest memory of that word to me so that's what I imagined someone else may be very different so as you can see you could take several very very different pieces of information combined them into one image and make those items much easier for you to remember so now instead of remembering that you have to do these five things throughout the course of your day you have one image and when you visualize that in your minds it calls to mind these five different things that you must do throughout your day now let's move onto another technique and the reason I present these techniques together is because very often we teach them together we have a treatment protocol where we take we teach patients with MS and patients who have traumatic brain injury to use these tech in their daily life the second technique is context context refers to what comes before or follows a word so if I need to remember the word house going back to our previous example I might say the old house on the hill was charming I've enriched my memory for that word by providing more semantic meaning to it it's old it's charming and it's up on a hill so much richer memory for me now just like imagery you can do this with extremely unrelated material so now let's use another daily life example let's say that you're running to the store and you have to pick up string beans hot sauce and a mop three completely unrelated items located in different parts of the store that have very different uses how might you remember this how might you put this into a context what you could create is a mini story where a man walks into a restaurant he orders string beans with hot sauce on it proceeds to get ill and the Busboys had to come over with a mop it's a little bit crazy not likely to see it in your everyday life however that little bit of eccentricity makes it easier for you to remember it so the true power of context comes when you combine it with the imagery and I'm going to show you how to do that now so you have your little story of the man in the restaurant ordering the string beans in the hot sauce let's create a mental image around that story your image might be a static picture because that's how you think so you have a picture in your mind's of a young man sitting in a restaurant and he's he has string beans in front of him with hot sauce on top and maybe you have the Busboys off to the right holding the broom with his hand on his hip waiting for that little that man to get sick so that's one image if you'd like to do it in an image format someone else may think more in a movie reel perhaps someone else would envision the man walking into the restaurant sitting down ordering his hot sauce and his string beans and then he sees him get ill he sees the waiter come over and clean up the mess either way it works but you have to do it in a manner that works best for you so a tesslar foundation we've been doing this research in traumatic brain injury of multiple sclerosis we teach these two techniques in a tenth session treatment protocol it's five sessions per week for two weeks and what we find after treatment is a significant improvement in someone's memory abilities on our paper and pencil tests of memory functioning where we ask patients to remember a list of words they do substantially better after treatment than they do before but more importantly these patients are reporting that their memories in daily life are better they're able to apply these techniques to their daily life their memory dysfunction is less impactful on their daily life they're able to participate in society they're able to manage their finances they want to pursue meaningful employment which they weren't able to do before hands because these memory difficulties can be so debilitating so that's a tremendous finding finally and perhaps most interestingly depending on your backgrounds we also see that the brain changes how it's learning and remembering information in only 10 sessions across five weeks we're changing how the brain is working and that's a pretty amazing finding so on the left side of the screen you see brain function when somebody is learning information before treatment just normal learning on the right side of the screen you see the brain of someone learning information after treatment those little red areas indicate areas of brain activation those are areas where the brain is active when it's learning information so what we see is significantly more activity after someone learns how to use these techniques than before and this was a monumental finding that we're actually able to change brain function in such a short period of time now we've shown that these techniques are helpful for persons who have multiple sclerosis persons who have traumatic brain injury and we have additional research on it ongoing but what's important to everyone in here today is that these techniques are helpful to everyone everyone can use these techniques they're very simple but they require practice a lot of practice you don't necessarily need to go to therapy to learn the techniques you can simply start to visualize things start with one item and then make it two items three items bounce your ideas off your significant other the way we teach the techniques is we ask people to visualize that's how we start we give them a story and we ask them to visualize they communicate their visual their images to us and we provide feedback we tell them how they might visualize better in a manner that might be more memorable for them and we do the same with context so you can do this at home you can work with somebody else to try to improve your ability to visualize information and therefore remember information the message I want you to take home with you today is that memory is not static we can improve it with effort but it takes effort and like everything else it takes practice practice practice practice so I'd encourage you to try these techniques and I hope that you like what you say thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaosMarx [3 likes]: I learned that some people do not have an imagination, like they literally cannot picture something in their mind.
  2. @telegamingff6196 [1 likes]: The difference in the mindset of western and eastern people is depicted clearly in the starting 2 minutes of the video . The host keeps referring essential things to remember as forgetting car key, forgetting names of people, forgetting to do task, etc . This is what Westerner need to memorize whereas if you look at Eastern world, the things that people need to memorize are complex mathematical formulae, complex technical terms of biology, some random thoery by some random person and many things . 

I kept laughing when she said forgetting people's name , car key and To do task is a major problem because I am also a easterner . 

This shows that western education system emphasis on real lifr learning over memorisation which is a good thing .
  3. @shraddha_koli: this video had that super authentic just vibing and being real energy that makes it way more enjoyable than overly polished content 🔥
  4. @ZohaibhassanNiazi-o7o: Learning does not have any relation with poor or good memory learning is habit that triger your mod to do something that your soul want.learning is directly linked with your imagination and picturization during learning which is called photographic memory if you have photographic memory your a good learner otherwise you are a good Cramer just depends upon words of peregraph instead of scene learner behind peragrapgh
  5. @Drupzy.: 4:26 what did she say??
  6. @leonardoidsevinchi3361: i cant listen to her with her lip smacking…
  7. @renegodosossego: This foundation takes things for granted. I have aphantasia, so imagery doesn’t happen at “will”.
  8. @mckaylaeden: Yeah, this definitely won't work for my ADHD mind... I can't create a picture if I can't remember what to put in the picture.
  9. @ayam6850: ❤️❤️❤️❤️
  10. @Averagesasquatch: I think the crucial thing is having someone pushing you to do the exercises. It increases motivation, literally increasing dopamine, norepinephrine, etc. that helps people push past their current limitations. I've asked therapists to help me do exercises that would improve my focus many times and they act like I'm crazy, like I'm asking for something immoral. There's something very wrong in therapy. They refuse to help people, they refuse to educate. I've gotten so much more out of learning what I can do to help myself directly than decades of therapy did for me. It kinda seems like they're just trying to keep you in there and milk you for money, while telling you what you think and feel is wrong.
  11. @shadusbar: thats ridiculous.....definitely gonna do this lol
  12. @guppygrease9767: No need to weaponize good children's of Earth for same children's now. Bigger the numbers you can fit in head. Time on map subject to change, data to stay ahead of curb.
  13. @Halofriend-u3m: This talk is very good. I really liked simple techniques like imagery and context that can make learning and remembering things so much easier in everyday life
  14. @TheGamer-pn2ib: Why can’t we just write down all these items as a sticky note or a note in our iPhone?
  15. @Eng4555: One of the tools is to make sure kids up adults basically whole range of individuals for better reading and comprehension yet give  them opportunities to read adequately!!
  16. @Eng4555: This is not much psychology but say cognitive solutions!!
  17. @Eng4555: Certainly a beautiful topic!!
  18. @onlinesaidasa9105: Namaste

Use of Brahmi , both orally as well as topically is known to enhance memory
  19. @mikehoover8326: Memory expert keeps talking about how to memorize. Also keeps forgetting that nobody knows what the word salient means.
  20. @laishrampriya: I am forget only the name of people even my husband name.😢😢.

- How Do I Convert Social Media Viewers Into Loyal Followers? - The Millennials Mindset: Kind: captions Language: en How do I convert social media viewers into loyal followers? Imagine scrolling through your favorite social media app and stopping on a post that makes you want to comment, share, or follow. That's what you want to create for your audience. Turning viewers into loyal followers isn't about just getting likes or views. It's about building a real connection that makes people want to stick around and see what you do next. Start by making your content interactive. Use short videos that show behind-the-scenes moments or quick tutorials. Ask questions in your posts or run polls and quizzes. For example, you could ask your followers what their favorite way to start the day is or what kind of content they want to see more of. Live streams are also great because they let viewers ask questions in real time. When people see you responding directly, they feel more connected and more likely to stay. People of content that makes them feel something. Use humor, curiosity, or empathy to connect. Share stories about your daily life or struggles that your audience can relate to. For example, talk about a funny mistake you made or a challenge you recently faced. When followers see your genuine side, they're more likely to trust and follow you long term. Consistency is key. Post regularly so your audience knows when to expect new content. Use highquality images and videos that look good but also feel real. Millennials especially like authenticity. Show current trends or cultural moments without making everything look overly staged or salesy. Keep your tone friendly and relatable. Building trust is also about credibility. Collaborate with other creators who share your values or have a similar audience. Share user reviews or testimonials to show that others trust your brand. This makes new viewers more comfortable following you because they see real people supporting your message. Social commerce is another way to turn viewers into followers. Many millennials shop directly through social media platforms, use shoppable posts, or offer exclusive discounts to your followers. For example, you could run a limited time sale on a product you promote in your videos. This encourages viewers to become customers and stay engaged for future deals. Finally, always respond quickly to comments and messages. When someone asks a question or gives feedback, reply promptly. This shows you care about your audience and value their input. It helps turn casual viewers into loyal followers who feel appreciated and heard. In the end, converting viewers into loyal followers is about creating content that invites participation, feels authentic, and builds trust. When your social media presence reflects the values and daily lives of your audience, you create a space where followers want to stay and grow with you. >> [music]

- How to Build a Loyal YouTube Community: Engage and Retain Viewers!: Kind: captions Language: en guys um today I want to be live here because uh you know the challenges of uh uh recording a video is really something it's it's not always very easy so I want to go live here as I teach something it's going to be important to somebody who is going to stick around with me today I want to look at how do you build a loyal community on YouTube You Know YouTube is not just about uh creating content but it has a lot of aspects that you really need to be to pay attention to so that uh you can be successful on YouTube so first and foremost I'm going to be looking at why must you build your community why does community building matters there's there's there are about four reasons why you must build your community number one is to boost engagement and watch time when you have a loyal family I mean like when you have when you build a community of people who believe in you they'll always whenever you post a content on your channel these are the people who are going to engage with your content and push your watch hour to very very very high that uh the algorithm will find your contents very relevant and help you push so the ultimate goal here is to help your content get pushed by algorithm so when people engage the more people engage with your content the more algorithm is going to recognize you and push your content reason number two why building a loyal Community matters is increases brand awareness and credibility you know when you build your brand on two people it is very important that your value is going to be seen because people don't like to follow things that are not of Great Value so when you put contents on on YouTube and uh people are engaging with your content people you've brought them into your content and you built friendship with them you built a family you built a community with with them they are the ones who are going to get your Brands to be pushed to be recognized to be to hand credit so it is important to build your community basing on this reason reason number three why building a community matters is it drives traffic and attract new viewers so let's say you have 100 viewers who are very loyal that each and every time you put a content on your channel they come and watch they come and engage they come and comment they come and share now when they share let's say each one of them each one of 100 loyal community members share your content like to three people how many I mean how many will that will those be 3 * 100 those are 300 so when they engage with your content they'll be sharing it they'll be pushing it also to other people and that's how you build a bigger community and you get more views so the last reason here is it provides valuable feedback and support when the community members who are loyal to you come to your video they watch it and they comment that comment is always going to be very very positive and reliable you can they can correct you they can criticize you but positively because they believe in you because they feel anything you do is of a great value to them so it is very important for you to I mean like it's very important for you to create uh to to build your community of loyal people who are going to tell you straight off if something is not right they tell you this is not right so you have a chance to a chance of improving but if somebody does not believe in you can just criticize you negatively and that's how with time you can lose it sorry but most importantly a loyal Community makes creating content worthwh so if you don't have a loyal Community hi guys it's going to be hard for you you'll be creating content and there'll be nobody so I'm here helping you with strategies of how to build a loyal community so I'm going to look at section two know your audience knowing your audience is very important and how do you get to know your audience you analyze your analytics sorry about that sorry you analyze your analytics to see those who are watching your content number two way you can build your you can really get to know your audiences by engaging with your viewers when you engage with your viewers you ask them questions they ask you questions you respond you interact so you'll be able to know by their responses what kind of people they have okay the other thing you can do is you conduct a survey or a poll that is in a section of community on YouTube when you put there a poll you'll be asking them so when you look at their responses you analyze them and you get to know who they have what they are the other way is also to create content that resonate with your your audience now when you've known them you know their interest you know what they want to watch you know how they respond how they reason out things you will be able to create content that resonate with them a Content that resonate with people is that a Content that solve their problems for example right now I'm talking about thank you your you've joined in you're welcome so I'm trying to go on teaching something here so I ask that you you pay attention if this solve your problem I'm talking about how to create a loyal Community okay so you just have to stick around and learn something that is going to be important to you so the other the other thing that I need to look at is creating engaging content how do you create engaging content focus on storytelling and authenticity okay story telling is the key is the key actually for YouTube when you tell a story depending on the niche where you are you will be creating contents that are of value you're not just going to jump and do something that is really not going to be important something that is you need to tell a story okay and how do you tell a story you can tell a story by by giving your life I mean like your life story yeah you can tell a story for example for me when I I started this channel this particular Channel where I am on right now I started by using AI to generate content and I was talking about animal motivations uh some videos performed very well but I somehow along the way when I was doing research I found out that AI created contents may not help me so well so I had to change now I have started helping people to to get to do good content for YouTube and so that is my story the other way that you can really create a Content that is uh engaging content is using attention grabbing titles tags and of course description now this is something that if you still don't yet know YouTube is going to be challenging for you when you are creating a title you need to include keywords that's number one when you are tagging you need tag to put relevant tags and your description should be scraped in a way that speaks the fact speaks about the video you are making so it is very important that you research about the titles you res how to make your titles you research about how to tag your videos and how to do description there are several videos on both on YouTube here and elsewhere that will help you move do this very very well like a pro so you you really need to put your interest and get to grab this knowledge that is going to help you the other way is that you need to incorporate visuals animation and Graphics you know sometimes when your video is just playing you're just talking you know it it can mean to be boring but if You' included the visuals you included the graphics you you've included um uh animations you know that video can grab people's attention can be engaging I mean it's not Bor okay you really need to learn this it's it's a hard thing to do I know but experience can really help you come up with something that is going to be satisfying the other thing you need to do is encourage viewers to participate through questions and uh through questions uh and answers challenges or live stream so here you really need to master how to do this and if you've done it you really need to be be very authentic because it's where you're going to really get your viewers engaged uh the other thing you need to do is you have to master the optimization skill guys this is another very important thing that if you don't yet know life can mean to be very very hard so the other aspect that I want to look at Foster sense of belonging how do you Foster sense of belonging the moment you make people feel like they are part of what you're doing that's how they follow you that's how they want to be with you that's how they want to be part of your journey but the moment you show people that okay I I don't care whether you be part of this or no they not going to follow you this can help this idea this skill can help you not only on YouTube or content creation but in everyday's life in everyday life you need people to you need people to feel like what you're doing they are part of it so they feel they own what you're doing and that's how they'll find it very valuable to them and they follow you they buy your products and they move with you okay so you need to pay attention to this because it's very important so how exactly do you create a sense of belonging you create a community Hub such as Facebook group um WhatsApp group those groups on uh social media that's how because if you create those groups the moment you post something and you share the link there all of them are going to be notified and they go and watch so this is very important that you need to do it the other thing you need to do is to host life events like I'm doing right now you host life event if uh people come they'll watch they'll be interacting with you live they'll be seeing your face the real face not the face of those other things okay so they'll be knowing exactly who they are speaking to so you can also organize a Meetup like I've seen people who are big Youtubers of course who have already gotten some money out of YouTube they organize meetups and they come and meet people they they I mean they they interact and they share ideas okay you can also do this when you when you have the capacity but if you don't have the capacity please don't go into loans to organize me up don't going to laun to organize Meetup it's going to be it's not going to be good for you okay so you need to be very careful as you do some of the things the other thing is recognize and and reward loyal viewer through shout outs budges and exclusive content if you've know if you've been creating content and you you realized there is that particular viewer who is always viewing your contents and engaging please you at least do a shout out for that person mention her name on your content and that's how is going to be to feel rewarded okay so this will help you also so you also need to collaborate you need to collaborate with people within your Niche now when you collaborate with people within your Niche you will be introduced to Their audience and that person whom you're collaborating with will be introduced to your audience meaning your audience will become part of the of her is her audience and her audience will become part of your audience and before you realize you'll become big as you grow together with that person you're collaborating with the other aspect that the other thing that you really need to do is to celebrate your Milestone how do you celebrate a milestone YouTube normally sends the the the achievement whatever you've achieved you normally get it on your email so how do you how do you celebrate it you can share it as a post on the community but uh this video I made one week ago has got 200 200k so thank you so much like that is celebration okay you can Al also record a video uh to celebrate it and that's going to I mean like it's very helpful it's helps you so much so the next aspect that I need to look at is consider consistency is key you know consistency is a key actually in in content creating because you will not be leaving people hungry you need to create a schedule when you've created a schedule you follow that schedule and that's how your consistency is going to move but of course you need to be consistent following the contents within your Niche you don't just jump from one n to the next because you'll be confused in the AL confused using your your your audience so you need to stick within your niche as you explore what consistency would mean so that is it for today my my friends thank you for watching let's keep striving together if this resonate with you please give me a thumb up share the video comment what topic you would want me to to tackle in my next video or in my next life thank you so much enjoy your day is

- What Tactics Boost Digital Content Audience Loyalty? - Media Jobs: Kind: captions Language: en [music] What tactics boost digital content audience loyalty? Imagine turning casual viewers into loyal followers who keep coming back for more. That's the goal behind building audience loyalty in digital media. Let's explore how you can do it effectively. First, creating highquality, relevant content is the foundation. You need to understand what your audience cares about and what problems they face. This means researching trending topics in your niche and keeping an eye on what successful creators are doing. When your content addresses real needs, your viewers see you as a trusted source. Consistency in providing this kind of content helps build credibility over time. Next, focus on delivering value. Content that offers practical tips or actionable steps encourages viewers to return. Instead of just entertaining, aim to help your audience improve their lives or work. When they see tangible benefits from your content, they develop a stronger connection to your brand. Personalization also plays a big role. In today's crowded digital space, generic messages get lost. Use data about your viewers interests and behaviors to tailor your content. For example, segment your audience by their preferences or use tools that recommend videos based on past views. When people feel the content is made just for them, they become more emotionally invested. Building direct communication channels is another key tactic. Engage with your audience through social media, emails or live chats. Respond to comments and questions to make viewers feel valued. Respect their preferences by sending relevant messages and avoiding spam. This two-way dialogue creates trust and a sense of community. Encouraging your followers to create and share their own content related to your brand boosts loyalty. User generated content like reviews, photos, or stories makes viewers feel part of your journey. When their content gets featured, they become more committed and invested in your success. Social media engagement strategies also matter. Run contests, ask questions, or host live sessions to keep your audience involved. Respond promptly to comments and monitor conversations to understand their concerns. This active approach keeps your community lively and connected. Email marketing remains a powerful tool for long-term loyalty. Send regular updates, exclusive offers, or personalized content to stay top of mind. Consistent communication builds trust and keeps your audience engaged over time. Showcasing results and social proof helps reinforce trust. Share success stories, testimonials, or case studies that demonstrate your content's effectiveness. When viewers see others benefiting, they're more likely to stay loyal. Active listening is vital. Use social listening tools to track what people are saying about your brand. Respond quickly and thoughtfully to feedback. This shows you care about their opinions and are committed to improving. Finally, maintaining consistency across all platforms is essential. Whether it's your website, social media, or email, your messaging and quality should be uniform. This builds familiarity and trust, making it easier for your audience to stay connected. At the core of all these tactics is honesty and transparency. Be genuine in your interactions and follow through on promises. When your audience trusts your integrity, they're more likely to rem loyal over time. By combining these strategies, digital media professionals can create a space where viewers feel valued, understood, and eager to stick around. The key is to keep experimenting and adjusting based on what your audience responds to best.

- How Do I Design a Loyalty Program Communication Strategy?: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Have you ever joined a loyalty program only to forget about it a few weeks later? The key difference between a thriving program and one that fades into the background often lies in its communication. Designing a loyalty program communication strategy means creating a systematic and personalized plan to engage your members, inform them about their benefits and progress and motivate them to participate actively. It is about building a continuous dialogue, not just sending one-off messages. The fundamental reason for a strong communication strategy is to reinforce the value proposition of your loyalty program. Customers need to understand not only what they can earn, but also how easy it is to earn and redeem rewards. Effective communication transforms a static set of rules into an interactive and rewarding experience, driving both customer engagement and long-term loyalty. To effectively design your strategy, start by segmenting your loyalty members. Consider groups like new enroles, highly active participants, members approaching a new tier, or those who have been less engaged recently. Each segment will benefit from tailored messages. Next, select your communication channels. Email newsletters are excellent for detailed updates and personalized offers, while inapp notifications or text messages can provide timely reminders about points expiring or immediate reward opportunities. Your instore staff also play a crucial role in face-to-face communication, reinforcing program benefits at the point of sale. Personalization is paramount. Instead of generic blasts, use customer data to send messages relevant to their past purchases, current point balance, or tier status. For example, a customer who frequently buys coffee might receive an email highlighting how close they are to a free coffee, while another might get a text about an exclusive offer on an item they recently browsed. Remember to include clear calls to action, guiding members on what to do next, whether that is making a purchase, referring a friend, or redeeming a reward. Consider implementing what is known as a drip campaign for new members. This is a series of automated emails or messages sent over a set period, introducing them to the program features, showing them how to earn points, and highlighting initial benefits. This proactive approach helps to cement their understanding and initial engagement, driving a higher activation rate for your program. By continuously communicating the value, progress, and opportunities within your loyalty program, you are not just encouraging transactions. You are nurturing relationships, enhancing customer lifetime value, and ultimately transforming casual buyers into dedicated advocates for your brand.

- How to Grow an Audience if You Have 0 Followers: Kind: captions Language: en people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up in the beginning 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better I got a DM the other day somebody who was like yeah it's easy for you to build this brand because you already have this big audience I was like dude just start he was discouraged by the fact that he had no following he had no audience Etc 99% of people who are watching this do more cool and then you'll have cool to talk about rather than regur shating other people's stuff but for everyone who sees the overnight success right what I want you to do is go to my podcast and look at the timestamp on my first episode it's 2017 5 and 1 half 6 years ago it just now hit the top 10 and in that six-year period I did not miss every week 1 to three podcasts for six years and so people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up when the reality is that you're finding your voice for the first year you're figuring out what way you communicate you're learning how to teach how to entertain how to present you're Lear Lear how to speak and you're also learning about the stuff that you're learning meantime right like in that period of time I might not have had as much stuff that was as cool in the beginning that applied to as many people cuz the first 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better right around 150 I started talking about Marketing in general because that's what I was into at the time and then I start talking about sales and I start talking about business in general and m&a and things as they've evolved over time and so the subject matter as well as my skill in delivering it both improved over that period of time and now the podcast is top 10 on entrepreneurship and very high ranked in business next to names that I I looked up to my whole career I'm like holy cow I'm like we're wait we just went above this guy that I've been looking up to my whole life it doesn't take 90 days it takes years if you think in days the time's going to pass no matter what but if you can think in decades when you make your goals when that decade does pass it'll show that you were thinking that way right not the outcome of the goal make the action the goal if the action is did I make the post did I make the reach outs every day then you're a success you check both boxes I want to tell you a quick story so there was a guy who started at the first gym with me same day all right and we've been friends since then and I started my gym and then he started his gym and he started chain of gym so we went in parallel all right and he ended up selling those gyms and he wanted to go online he was like dude I need to build like a brand and I was like dude you just need to start posting you know short form stuff making stuff that's valuable he posted every day for 6 months and then one video took off and then the next video took off and the next video took off and then all all of a sudden now he's making $100,000 a month from the content that he was making he'd already been doing business for 9 years and then all of a sudden it took off and he and he messaged me he was like I'm super grateful that that you told me to do that and so he did the post and he did the reach outs and what ended up happening is that earlier on he would he would have videos that would start taking off he would start doing reach outs you start making sales and then you'd make some money and then you would slow down and then all of a sudden you get in scarcity mode once he was like oh shoot there's no money coming in there's no money coming in and then you start making content start doing rots again and you make money again and he was like dude how do I break the cycle and what we did was we shifted what he was focusing on because he was focusing on the sales he was making he was focusing on the money he was making rather than focusing on the process you are not successful in my eyes because whenever you see some outcome you stop the activities which means you don't have the trait of consistency I was like the reason you aren't where you want to be is because you can't do things repeatedly and so most people can't do one thing over and over again you need to be able to do the doing without seeing the result of your doing and you have to keep doing it and if you can keep doing things independent and this is both ways if it goes really well you keep doing the thing that got you there and if it's not going well comma yet you keep doing the thing so that you get good enough that one day it will and that's the shift that most people don't make and I think that's why most people just stick war and the reality is that if you can commit to the actions and the behaviors and the traits that you will grow through doing then at the end of this process a decade later you will be the type of person who can do something for a long period of time and wait and I promise you that if you have that trait money will never be a constraint in your life and this is from Atomic habits every winner and every loser have the same goals so when you measure Yourself by having this external thing and people are like set goals everyone wants to be rich everyone wants to have a six-pack your goals don't make you unique it's the activities that you do that make you unique the goal of the winner is to commit to the activities the goal of the loser is to commit to the goal 52% of 18-year-olds High School seniors think they're going to be millionaires by 25 the world is going to be shook many of you will fail and that's because most of you have the same goal 50% of you think you're going to be a Millionaire right that's just math but only a small percentage will because if you want to be a millionaire you're not going to focus on making the million dollars you're going to focus on the stuff that makes a million dollars and so when you can divorce the activities from the outcome then you can focus on the doing which whether your income does this over that period of time your self-esteem Remains the Same because you're committ to what you can control if you can make that shift it will change your life so I started making podcast 6 years ago I committed to that process when I signed on with a a YouTube vendor a few years ago on the first call I said I'd like to have this channel be something in 5 to 10 years I was like We'll look at it then and see if it was worth continuing to do I was like but I'm in for a decade and he stopped me afterwards he was like I've literally never had a client say that to me ever he's like they're all like how can I get leads in the first 90 days from YouTube and like blah blah blah I was like if we're making progress I'm good I will commit to that I think that if you can think that way you will get what you want and then people will ask you a decade from now man how did you have this overnight success and blah blah blah blah blah and aren't you like don't the followers and the fans like how does it not get to your head and you're like cuz it was never the goal and so I feel just as good at year one as I do at year eight because the activities that I committed to were remain the same if you can think that way and you can shift your perspective persective it will it'll decrease your emotional ups and downs and I think we all need ways to decrease our emotional ups and downs in the game of business because like we need to have second lives and third lives and fourth lives and the way to do that is to not put your life your game playing life in something that you can't control but putting all your game playing life in the things you can right now we just crossed our 400th episode 400 episodes like if I did one a week that's 52 four eight one a week for a year that would be eight years of doing that if I had 400 episodes I'm at like year six if you make 400 long form pieces of content I guarantee you that your following would be bigger than it is today well how long is that going to take as long as it takes because the goal was never the outcome the goal was to do it thing

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [12 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap-yt-d
Get the $100M Book Bundle: https://shop.acquisition.com/pages/100m-book-bundle
Business owners: Want to scale faster? We provide in-person advisory for companies doing at least $1M per year: https://www.acquisition.com/workshop-yt-d
  2. @elevators_escalatorsandme [1 likes]: this had that old youtube energy in the best way possible 😭 simple, entertaining, no unnecessary overediting every 2 seconds. actually fun to watch fr
  3. @MeenalJoshi-y6q [1 likes]: Make the action the goal, not the outcome, such a powerful perspective shift for staying consistent in the long run
  4. @MegijaBaumane: You have to work for it and hard, not just manifest and think - ou, my life sucked before, so it will reward me because of my suffering, so I do not have to put effort.

I have people that just told me manifest and it will be good, and if you do not get it right now, then it is not your destiny. 🤨

If it would be that easy, everyone would me a millionaire.
  5. @FrancisAtonfack: 300 subs now for year not really easy
  6. @joshangout9609: Thank you Alex! This was perfect and exactly what I needed to hear today!
  7. @eimi.channn: Patience.
  8. @BrianFitinessMotivation: Small channel let's keep our heads up 🔥
  9. @Blake700-q3c: this video feels like one of those rare uploads that actually stays in your head after watching 💯
  10. @SamuelPeck-l2x: slight edge ahh
  11. @The_Witchers_left_hand: The shift from committing to the goal to committing to the activities is the most powerful mindset hack for long-term success. Thinking in decades, not days📈💪
  12. @TurningShift: Just be consistent about it 👊🏻🙌🏻
  13. @elliottlaw007: Just hit 100 subscribers, really worked for those! Gonna add these tips. 1 mill & beyond… Loading 🔑🙏🏾 Keep Going Everyone
  14. @crisroataofficial: Love your story! Well done ❤
  15. @Sicop_: Just Start
  16. @VikiJaat-e6u: Amazing content as always!
  17. @HyJames: yet
  18. @evolv55: “the bear necessities of life will come to you” 🧠
  19. @Mrhookes: Small creators, let's keep going 💪💪💪
  20. @StefanMarais-pv5hz: Thank you so much for this

- 10 Advanced Lessons About YouTube Analytics: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a YouTube creator, one of the most important things to learn about is your YouTube analytics. So, today we're looking at the YouTube analytics and 10 insights that you need to know about next time you use it to improve your YouTube content. So, let's get into it. One of the things that people always do is whenever they have a video, let's say we have a video with 1 million views here, they would then look at metrics such as CTR, which is your click-through rate. How likely are people to click on your thumbnail? And then they look at AVD or APV, which is the retention percentage or how long people watching your video. Now, this is the problem is people could be like, hey, I'm going to look for 8% CTR. And if it's good, then I want to keep making thumbnails and titles like that. If it is lower, such as 5% CTR, then you know, I got to stop doing that one. And if it's higher, for example, like say 10%, then we want to make more videos like that one. But in fact, this is actually a very flawed approach. And the reason for this is very simple. This is what we're trying to achieve. We're trying to get more views, but we're not trying to get higher CTR. We're only trying to get higher CTR if that gives us more views. But whenever we do an analysis, and I encourage you to do an analysis on your own channel, you want to see if an increase in CTR actually means an increase in views. And a lot of times, you actually do not see that to be the case. Higher CTR doesn't necessarily mean higher views, and lower CTR doesn't necessarily mean lower views. Let me show you an example. So to prove my point, I want to show you two examples of a video. The first video scores high in views but has a lower CTR while the second one scores lower in views and has a higher CTR. Now this obviously is a little bit of selection bias just to prove a point. But that's just to get to it. What I recommend is just check for your own content if you're a creator. But just know every single time whenever you want to use something, understand what is your success metric, your most important metric, and whatever metric you want to use, does it correlate with that success metric? If the answer is yes, then you can use it. If the answer is no, then you cannot really use it confidently. The next thing that I want to talk about is stop looking for useless metrics. Sometimes you'll hear people come up with these crazy metrics such as your comment to view ratio. And the problem with that one is that again, sure it's a metric, but the question is, does a higher comment to view ratio lead to more views? Yes or no? Or does a lower one lead to more views? Yes or no? We want to know that because don't think about weird metrics unless we can truly connect them to our success metric. And if it doesn't correlate, that's typically not a metric we want to be using. And I've heard some crazy metrics such as what's your retention percentage after 30 seconds? And then people look at that one and they say that needs to be as high as possible, which is not true. We've looked into it a lot. Often we didn't find any correlation at all. The next thing I want to talk about is that the algorithm doesn't always instantly know the right audience. You see in a past video, algorithm video, check that one out as well. It's a very valuable video. A lot of people think that you upload a video and the algorithm just pushes that video to an audience and then based on the performance of that audience, it's going to recommend it to a further audience, yes or no. And then that's how it's going to do that one. Now, this is not really how the algorithm works. Now, yes, in this case, if it tests and perform bad, it's going to stop promoting and views die off. But if they respond well then views go higher. What in reality happens a little shorter explanation. Whenever you make a video it goes into some big database. Whenever a user logs in onto YouTube and gets recommendations YouTube looks at the database and thinks hey what are the right videos to suggest to this user. And initially it might think hey you know I don't think this is going to fit this user. But if a lot of similar users log in and and at some point YouTube realize like you know what actually that video is good for this user and it might take a little bit longer for a video to then kick off and get its views. So give videos enough time to succeed and don't instantly judge a video simply because at the moment it's first 24 hours. Some people do first hour or even the first week or two weeks. Metrics tend to become reliable once you pass that one month mark. But again, this does depend on the type of content that you're making. Especially if you make news content, then yes, the earlier performers could matter. The fourth tip that I want to talk about when it comes down to audience analytics is do not undervalue the retention charts. The retention charts are one of the most valuable pieces of information that you can find on your YouTube analytics. And that's the reason why is because if the number and the metrics and the percentages are good or bad, here's one thing that you and I can both agree on. If the chart goes down, we know that people are tuning out and something is bad, right? If the chart stays flat, then we know that people stay interested. If the chart overall stays flat, then we know that the audience that is watching this one is overall not really losing interest. If we see that the chart is gradually going down over time, then we know that people are slowly getting bored and we might need to add more exciting moments. So, whatever it is, the retention chart gives you somewhat of the most accurate representation of how the audience feels while watching your content. And that's why data piece is one of the most valuable pieces on your YouTube studio dashboard. That does bring me through the fifth insight though which is that your data including your retention charts gets affected by your audience reach. So if we take an earlier example where the retention chart stays very high and flat. Some could say that as like that is a really good thing because you know the audience that got served that reacts very well. Well, we can also assume that maybe that was only your core audience that really liked this video and any newer type of viewer didn't really like your video too much. YouTube never even suggested that video to those viewers and their behavior which would normally be like this never impacted this retention chart. This high views of your core audience does seeing how everybody will feel about your video but only those who YouTube believed would respond positively to your video. So, if I see high flat retention charts, typically what I think is that we have what we call a wide appeal issue. This video seems to be great for the audience that it appeals to, but it doesn't seem to appeal to a very wide audience. So, you may need to broaden your topics or maybe there is too many references that only your core audience will get. Here's a next tip about your data or especially about the retention chart because I talked about how valuable it is. You know, some things are not showable in your data. So, if you think about, for example, a thumbnail and you use a red color as a background or a green color as a background, how do you know which of these is better? Some could say a bet testing feature, but I'll talk about that one later in this video about how it's not as good as people think it is. But overall, it's not always very, very easy to think about every single little thing that matters to viewers and especially when it comes down to our retention charts. Think about, for example, your music and the tone that your music sets. It's not going to be that you swap your music and suddenly there's going to be a dip, right? Because people like, "Oh, I hate this music." You have to do a really bad job. So, are thinking about how funny are you actually as a creator. It's very difficult to spot that within any of your data on YouTube. And my advice here is this. If you want to improve your YouTube content, don't just think about the visual things in your data. Use your visual things in your data and inform them to understand the biggest mistakes like the tone of your video, your likeness, you know, who is in your content, the music, the cutting speed. All those things also matter about how people experience your videos. So, not everything is visible in your data. Data is limited. The next thing that I want to talk about when it comes down to YouTube analytics is that people use a lot of the metrics and look at that and they see their numbers go up and they see them go down. The problem is that if I then ask you what actionable insight did you get from this one? What did you learn from your let's say you use your CTR and you know I'm not the biggest fan of CTR because it doesn't correlate fuse but let's say you for some reason found this to be true then the question is okay what did you learn here did you learn to smile more did you learn to include your face more why did you even look at the data if you're not going to look for practical insights so here's the number one lesson about using data use it to inform yourself and make better decisions in the future that's the reason why I again like retention chart so much what we can do is very simple whenever we see the retention chart and we see that tip here we can learn that when I transition ition from segment one to segment two, we notice that there's a sharp drop. And the longer that it takes for me to transition from one segment to another, the bigger the drop is going to be, the more people I lose. So maybe I should shorten my transitions and get faster into the next segment. That's practical insights. So no matter what data you use, no matter what data you look at, always look for practical insights. That's the goal of data analysis, not just to brag about higher numbers. And that's even when it comes down to views. Make sure you always get practical insights. even if it's just as simple as this video was more widely appealing and got more people interested in it. Eight little insight that I want to give is do not underestimate the difference of new and returning viewers. And there's actually some ways to segment your audience in your YouTube analytics. Even with your retention charts right now, you can go to your retention chart and then you can break it down by new and returning. It's a very new feature which allows you to not just check your overall retention which might look like this, but then you can also see, hey, the returning viewers, they actually watch very similar to that one. While the new viewers, if you purely focus on that one and that could be a shorter audience, they could respond more like this. And this insight is very interesting because you can see different flaws based on retention chart you are following. Sometimes break down your retention chart by this. Also break down in general your video. Understand are you reaching a wider audience? Yes or no. Are people returning to your channel? Yes or no. Are your videos leading to more newer viewers returning to your channel? Yes or no. All those data points are often overlooked and can be incredibly valuable. The ninth insight, and it's a very quick one because it kind of already doubles down on some of the things that I said, is that there is no magic numbers. There's no 70% retention that you need to hit. I'm going to show you a video that has over a 100 million views, exclusive insight for this video. 100 million views. And look at the retention. So, let's make this fun. You know, I want you to guess considering that this video has over 140 million views. What's the percentage that you think this video has retention percentage? Well, if you think 60 or 70 or 80%, which a lot of people, well, maybe you don't, you would be wrong. And if you're lower, look at this. It's 42%. It's way lower than people say. Again, 140 million. How many people have told you, hey, you need to hit 70%. Or even higher. It's not true because it depends on how many viewers did it get served. Did it get served to a wider audience? Yes or no? All these questions start to pop up. Let me even look. You know what people always say? You need these high retention charts that stay like extraordinaryly high and stuff. Well, guess what? There you go. That's how the retention chart looks like. People think this is a terrible retention chart. 140 million views and there's a lot of insights. We know the second segment didn't do as well. First segment here, there is some insights that we can create from this one. But again, don't be deceived by some magic number that you need to hit. It's not true. There is some data to prove. Obviously, I've blurred a little bit of extra information. That's because I want to keep certain things confidential. But still, this is just to give you an idea that there is no magic number. And just to double down even more, I've also added quickly the CTR. A lot of people think there's some high CTR, some 10% CTR need to hit. Guess what? Also, it's a magical number though, but there's nothing about this one that is a 10% or higher what people will tell you to do. And the last insight that I want to share with you about YouTube analytics is being patient enough to allow the YouTube algorithm to surf your video multiple times. Here's the thing. How many times have you gone to YouTube and you go to your homepage and you try to figure out what to watch next and you see this one video and the next time, the second time that you log in onto YouTube, guess what? That same video is being served to you again. And then next time you log in, it's served to you again and again and again and again and again. YouTube doesn't just give up on a video whenever it sees you not to click on it instantly. Some videos they need more time. So that's the reason when you do thumbnail changes or you do an AB test, a 3-day AB test, for example, that could result into flawed data because you're not instantly going to have the understanding of how your video performs for all audiences. There's a lot of content including podcast channels that need those multi-ex exposures of a thumbnail and title before people click on it. So whenever you do a change in Tumblr and you don't see instant results, don't think that it's not working. Just give it enough time. When you make a change and let's say this is your views, right? And your views are not growing great and let's say here's your change here. Does it actually improve? Does it just keep the same trajectory and nothing happened or does it decline? I look for long-term. Most people they look for like 24-hour performance. But if I see this, yeah, sure, quickly, because maybe people just think it's a new video. But this is not a good change. What you want is you want to change it trajectory. This is clearly different because at first this was on pace to do this here and now it went better than usual. That's a good change. That's a long-term observation. So anyways, I hope you like these more advanced insights when it comes down to your YouTube analytics and a little bit of extra and hopefully it helps you with making your content. And please share this with others as well so that people are well informed about these magic numbers and all the other things. If you like this, make sure to leave a comment below. let me know about it and I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ErvingYoutuber [29 likes]: I'm applying this practical insights and questions right away... I'm always learning from your Advanced Knowledge when it comes to Youtube Mario, thanks.
  2. @laxmiofficialchannel1536 [15 likes]: Nice video sharing
  3. @escape12333 [12 likes]: If two channels in the same niche post videos around the same time, with nearly identical titles and topics, does YouTube actually compare their performance and prioritize one over the other? Or is it a myth?
  4. @helloryantanaka [5 likes]: Nice analysis. Thank you for sharing these unique insights
  5. @NormMusic2203 [2 likes]: So much detail in this video. Why not so many people love these topic ? He bringing so much value, putting technical Words into normal daily words require so much energy and he just killing it ❤❤❤
  6. @techno00-u3h [2 likes]: Good Video Buddy and can you please make a video on how to find viral video ideas everytime 🙏🙏
  7. @ElChilangles [1 likes]: additional informaiton i would like to see in analytics is frecuency. like how many times was my title and thumbnail served before someone clicked per video.
  8. @ElChilangles [1 likes]: I find CTR after 3, 6 and 12 hours to be a better indicator than total after a long time, then it just sort of indicates how warm of an audience  the video is being shown to.
  9. @owensheasby [1 likes]: This was great!
  10. @AanganRangoli [1 likes]: Thanks, Mario, for filter out things which need to be addressed for more quality work.
  11. @lowbudgetyoutuber: Gold insight
  12. @anarelle: When I heard "1 million views" I got immediately discouraged. I don't think this information applies to my small channel.
  13. @civilizacionperdidachile: this is really helpful
  14. @ellest6: You mention that if you have a high flat line that it might mean YT isn't showing the video to anyone other than your core audience.  I'm not sure I understand.  Can you explain this point a little more and what the line would look like if it was being shown to a wider audience? Thanks in advance for your help!
  15. @Dilipmagar-D4S: New fran join me
  16. @surya7425: Big Fan Sir .. please Create a Video About How to Find Great Ideas For YouTube Video.. Comparison Between Great Ideas Vs Bad Ideas 💡

- ​The NEW YouTube Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, something weird is happening on YouTube right now, and most creators haven't even noticed yet, which gives you a distinct advantage. Fitness channels are using the visual language of finance creators, and a channel about Minecraft just blew up by using the same format of a video about an NFL player. It is the new strategy quietly dominating YouTube right now. And it's called niche bending. The term was coined by creator Tim Danilov, [music] and it's how he took a faceless YouTube channel from zero to $56,000 a month in just 30 days. And then he did it again, taking another channel from zero to 150 million views. And then again, zero to $23,000 in less than 90 days. So, if you're still trying to find a niche in 2026, quite frankly, you're doing it all wrong. You need to start bending one into a position so it does all of the work for you. To understand how Tim did this time and time again, you almost have to unlearn what you think a niche is. Most people think a niche is just a topic [music] like, I have a gardening channel. But Tim doesn't operate with that type of thinking. >> I think it's the easiest way to [music] come up with a niche, because like, essentially your niche is the combination of the format [music] and the market. >> You see, your niche isn't just a topic you talk about. To be more specific, it's the combination of the market you're serving and the format you're using. First, you have the market, and these are massive categories from finance to fitness, gaming to DIY, and so on. And these rarely ever change. You can't really invent a new market, but then you have the format. This is the container for your content. How do you deliver the information? Is it a tier list, a 100-day challenge, a video essay? >> There are thousands of new formats every single day on YouTube. Like, that's the the most creative part. And what the niche bending is is you create a new niche by applying the viral format to the market where it was never used before. And this is already happening everywhere on YouTube. Let me show you. Here's a video from NFL Stories, a small but very successful channel about gridiron. I can't say football, it isn't football. But anyway, that's the market. His video, "This video will change the way you see Patrick Mahomes forever" is the format. And it's a video that's performed well for the channel to the tune of 75,000 views, about three and a half times more views than typical for the channel. Now, look at this Minecraft channel made by Rafa. Four days later, they posted "This video will change how you play Minecraft forever." It's the same exact title structure and the same promise, but it's for an entirely different audience. In other words, different markets, same format. And then, My Matrix did the same thing in the spirituality niche. And it's a 100 times outlier for his channel. That is what you call a viral moment. And this is one format in three completely different markets all finding outlier success. That's is the power of niche bending. Now then, for a quick hack to niche bend any video on YouTube, you can use this cool little vidIQ remix tool. What it will do is remix a title of the current video to fit your niche. In this example, the channel we're niche bending into is about weight loss and fitness workouts. And so, the remix titles from the NFL video reflect that. This handy tool is at your fingertips wherever you are on YouTube because it'll also appear on home pages and channel pages as well. There's a link in the description. If you want to witness an absolute masterclass of this strategy, let me introduce you to TierZoo. At first glance, this looks like a gaming channel. The thumbnails have STR rankings, health bars, and knockout screens. But in reality, it's an animal biology channel. So, let's run it through our equation. The market: zoology, education, nature documentaries. Usually this market is traditional, very considered, arguably quite slow and boring by today's standards. Think David Attenborough. It's a calm narration. A giant black void, larger than all the rest of the world's habitats combined. But to formats, it's competitive gaming. It's patch notes, tier lists. And it's not just the packaging this time. Tier Zoo took the very serious concept of evolution and bent it into gaming language. As a result of this format, the creator doesn't describe things in a matter-of-fact way, such as humans adapting to the environmental conditions. Instead, he says, >> This was the first step towards refining the cooperative loot sharing play style that have made humans so dominant in the current meta. Now, you might be surprised to learn that the devs have nerfed humans in the past. The tree-dwelling strategy was seen as a cheap way to avoid dealing with other players, and so the devs decided to reduce the number and size of trees in the Africa server. >> And when comparing one environment to another, such as the Amazon rainforest and the African plains, >> I know I drone on a lot about how OP African builds are, but the Amazon rainforest is home to some of the most fearsome predators in the game. And as for extinction-level events, well, it's just a patch update to him. So, why is it that of all the sloth builds, only the tree sloths survived the Anthropocene update? Well, it turns out that it's for the same reason that their low tier. Most ice age top tiers were wiped out by the invasion of humans, and giant ground [music] sloths were no exception. Despite being able to easily one-shot humans with their claws swipes, giant sloths had no defense against projectiles. So, why does this work so well? Well, it's because it unlocks a new audience. If you make a normal nature documentary, you're competing against the likes of National Geographic, and I'd say that's a pretty tough fight. And a certain audience will watch that content because we all know what to expect from it. But, by bending the format, Tier Zoo is speaking to an entirely new audience who might never watch a traditional nature documentary. And by speaking the audience's language and entertaining them the way they expect to be entertained, he's tricked them into learning something. In essence, what Tier Zoo has done is take a saturated market, that being nature documentaries, and made it feel brand new by bending into a format container from an entirely different market, that being video games. So, how do you make this work for you? How do you actually find these niche bending combinations without guessing? Well, that brings us to the mapping method, and it works like a grid. First, you pick a format that's been working for years. Let's take the example of every blank explained in X minutes as a format. Now, map this across all of the major markets. For gaming, it's taken. As for lifestyle, already taken. And in true crime, yep, gobbled up there as well. But then, you look at gardening or sales or interior design, and you see an empty square. And when you do see an empty square on that map, this isn't due to a lack of interest, it's an opportunity. It is blue ocean. The format is proven and the market exists, but nobody has yet combined them together. And this is where you can plant your flag. For example, take this outlier video from Fin's Play. They made a silly meme video, POV, you're an NPC in Vice City. But that silly video got them 2.7 million views on a channel with just 3 and 1/2 thousand subscribers. Now, watch what happens when other creators from different markets see that format and realize it's an empty square on their map. This channel took the same POV, you're an NPC format, and bent it into Minecraft. Their video, The Life of a Minecraft Wolf, got 1.7 million views. Following on from that, this channel bent it towards a superhero video game content, playing Spider-Man from an NPC's perspective, and they turned it into a long-form video. It's now got over a quarter of a million views, the highest-performing video on their channel so far. This is the same format, just brought to different markets with massive results. And every single one of those was an empty square on the map until someone filled it. Now, I appreciate that these specific examples might not bend into your particular niche, or maybe everyone watching this video right now is scrambling to capitalize on the formats we've already shown you. So, let me demonstrate how you can find these videos yourself, because finding novel formats that will blow up your channel is a lot easier than what it sounds. [music] So, you already know about the remix tool from our browser extension that I showed you earlier, but this time I want you to go to vidiq.com and start a brand-new conversation with our AI coach. I want you to think of this coach as your YouTube researcher. vidIQ's data scrapes YouTube and is refreshed every single day. And to be quite honest, other AI chatbots simply don't have the capabilities that ours does. So, next, type this sentence into the chat box, "Find me recent viral videos about your niche from small channels that are getting unusually high views." In this instance, we're going to go with a Las Vegas casinos because we can't cheat the casinos, but we can cheat YouTube. Oh, and by the way, you can also ask our AI coach to look at this for just long-form videos or shorts. Now, typically, it does take a minute or so for the AI coach to get back to you, and that's because it's being very diligent trawling through thousands, if not millions, of videos to find what you're looking for. And a minute is a lot quicker than scrolling through endless YouTube videos for days and weeks, isn't it? Now, in this example, it surfaced five Vegas casinos that will close next. Which casino dies first? It is an insane outlier for this channel with nearly a million long-form views on a 20-minute video. Now, that title represents a format that we can bend. We could apply this to retail stores, fast-food chains, cryptocurrency, game studios, sports franchises that are relocating, which let me tell you would never happen in real football, except for that one occasion. We can bend all of these in any way that fits our needs for our channel. However, um this might be the most important part of the entire video. You do need to be careful. There is one rule in these bending that matters more than anything else. Do not bend a format you cannot deliver the expertise in. So, if you are a dentist, use the gaming tier list to rank toothpaste. That works because you're an expert dentist, but don't try to use a finance format if you don't understand money. Anyone can copy a format, but very few can fill the formats with high-value knowledge. The creators winning in 2026 aren't the ones finding magical new niches. They are the ones looking for what already works and asking themselves, "How does this look in my world?" And if you enjoyed the taste of the VidIQ tools I showed you in this video, why not come and have a look at the whole buffet? Dozens more tools to help you grow your channel are just a click away. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [50 likes]: Download vidIQ and start growing your channel 👉 www.vidiq.com/extension
  2. @ALIENGTP [1 likes]: Click bait
  3. @VeronicaMonet [1 likes]: That male lion's look of grief when he realizes the lion he was trying to save from the hyenas is already dead. 😢
  4. @WiscoKnight0806 [1 likes]: Gridiron is what the field is called. Im just gonna go watch the original dudes videos. You take for fuckin ever to get to the point.
  5. @BlaQFireNation: it seems like youre mainly focusing on the title
  6. @Jamey_LeVier: How do you find a unique niche? You neek up on it.
  7. @MyCraft_01: Where's the Avatar the last niche bender, who can bend all 4 niche elements, and is destined to save YouTube by defeating the niche lord ozai!
 how's my storytelling? lol
  8. @rubix5531: Some kid pretending his some genius… it’s just rich parents and paying for reach
  9. @rebekahmatznick_rd: Wouldn’t you search for other niches instead of asking the bot to find viral videos in your niche? Since you just talked about niche bending, why would I ask the bot to find viral videos in my niche?
  10. @MYCOFARMER: You lost me.
  11. @lionsground: It's the worst tip ever by vidiq knowing that YouTube's algorithms now focus on very  contrary things claimed in this video.
  12. @KeeshFinance: fascinating, thank you!
  13. @Menopauseatpeace: Thank you for the amazing content that you share.
  14. @TenseIntense: The good ol' strategy of f***ing up each others content. Classic YouTube.
  15. @tri-star.pickin: We are click junkies      folded  over these screens.
  16. @divyas1114: 1:20  Meaning 
4:00  Examples 
6:25  How to do
  17. @Rankooooooo: Well explained sir 🙌
  18. @spncrmode: Straight to the point and actually keeps you hooked till the end
  19. @PawBurst_247: Is there any creator here trying to get to 1k subs before April runs out?🤚
  20. @Traveling_For_Events: So hes copying me. Ive been doing this 3 years now

- 7 Proven Employee Retention Strategies to Implement in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en-US Imagine you’re a manager. The best&nbsp; person in your team asks you if you&nbsp;&nbsp; have 10 minutes at the end of the day to&nbsp; “discuss something”. And all of a sudden&nbsp;&nbsp; you just know that they will hand in&nbsp; their resignation. And then they do. This is a feeling that every experienced&nbsp; manager will recognize. Suddenly,&nbsp;&nbsp; your best performer is gone, the project is one&nbsp; person short, you will not make the deadline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you need to hire someone new,&nbsp; which will take at least two months. So what could you have done&nbsp; differently to make your employee stay? Don’t worry. You don’t have to leave employee&nbsp; retention up to fate. There are proven strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help you improve retention in&nbsp; your organization. My name is Neelie,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in this video, you’ll learn about employee&nbsp; retention, why it is critical to the success&nbsp;&nbsp; of your organization, and 7 proven employee&nbsp; retention strategies. And if you want to know&nbsp;&nbsp; why HR professionals make great magicians, stay&nbsp; tuned untill the end! But before we dive in, don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to like this video, hit the notifications&nbsp; button, and subscribe to our channel. Now buckle up. It’s time to talk retention! Employee retention is a&nbsp; set of practices, policies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and strategies to keep talented employees&nbsp; at your organization and reduce turnover. Here’s the issue: many companies focus too&nbsp; much on hiring and not enough on retaining&nbsp;&nbsp; their talent. And it’s all well and good until&nbsp; your people start leaving. And that’s the thing:&nbsp;&nbsp; losing an employee is expensive.&nbsp; It costs about 1.5 to 2 times an&nbsp;&nbsp; employee’s annual salary to replace them.&nbsp; And that doesn’t even account for the&nbsp;&nbsp; time and resources that go into hiring&nbsp; someone and bringing them up to speed. It also impacts team morale. Turnover&nbsp; is contagious. If a co-worker leaves,&nbsp;&nbsp; other employees are 9% more likely to leave as&nbsp; well. For smaller teams, this number is even&nbsp;&nbsp; higher! For example, in a 2-member team, when one&nbsp; quits, the other is 25% more likely to also leave. So rather than struggling to&nbsp; redistribute work and hire someone new,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s focus our efforts on making&nbsp; sure your employees want to stay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are 7 strategies that can do&nbsp; wonders for your retention rate. What’s a better way to improve retention&nbsp; than finding out why people leave? A stay&nbsp;&nbsp; interview gives you insight into what people&nbsp; love about working for your organization and&nbsp;&nbsp; what you can do to make their experience&nbsp; even better. You can ask questions like:&nbsp; What do you look forward to most&nbsp; when you come to work every day?&nbsp; What are your favorite and least&nbsp; favorite parts of your job?&nbsp; Would you recommend our company to a&nbsp; friend or colleague? And why, or why not?&nbsp; And if you were you are CEO for a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; what would you change about the&nbsp; company and your work environment?&nbsp; These conversations provide valuable input to&nbsp; improve the organization and better retain people. Your employee value proposition,&nbsp; or EVP, is the unique combination&nbsp;&nbsp; of benefits and opportunities that make&nbsp; your company a great place to work. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; of it as your organization’s answer to the&nbsp; question, “Why should I stay?”. After all,&nbsp;&nbsp; companies that deliver on their EVP can&nbsp; decrease annual employee turnover by 69%!! To create a compelling EVP, you’ll need to&nbsp; factor in five elements. These are compensation,&nbsp;&nbsp; benefits, growth opportunities, work-life balance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and organizational culture. A strong EVP gives&nbsp; your employees a good reason to stick around. Clear communication is key to employee retention.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are three ways to improve&nbsp; communication in your workplace: Be transparent about your company goals,&nbsp; changes in the organization, and expectations.&nbsp; Encourage open feedback by listen&nbsp; to your employees’ concerns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and act on them to create a better workplace. Communicate benefits and opportunities regularly.&nbsp;&nbsp; When employees feel heard and well-informed, they&nbsp; are more likely to stay loyal to your company. That’s why having a solid onboarding&nbsp; plan is crucial. A 90-day onboarding&nbsp;&nbsp; plan is the perfect tool to help you do that. A 90-day onboarding plan outlines new&nbsp; employees’ goals and objectives for the&nbsp;&nbsp; first three months of their employment.&nbsp; It helps new hires feel welcomed,&nbsp;&nbsp; clarifies expectations, and&nbsp; sets them up for success. Training and developing your employees&nbsp; can do wonders to improve retention.&nbsp;&nbsp; According to LinkedIn, a whopping 94%&nbsp; of employees are willing to stay at a&nbsp;&nbsp; company longer if it invests in their development! Of course, you should only invest in training&nbsp; if it helps you achieve organizational goal.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to know the best practices that can&nbsp; help you set up a successful training program,&nbsp;&nbsp; check out our Learning Bites on this topic&nbsp;right here. Investing in the wellbeing of your people doesn’t&nbsp; just help you ensure that they are in the best&nbsp;&nbsp; shape to work, it’s also a good way to show your&nbsp; employees you value them and their contributions.&nbsp;&nbsp; When employees feel cared for, they are more&nbsp; likely to remain loyal to your organization. Keep in mind that wellbeing is not just about&nbsp; the physical health of your employees. Total&nbsp;&nbsp; wellbeing also includes their mental and&nbsp; financial wellbeing. All three are needed&nbsp;&nbsp; to bring your whole self to work and not worry&nbsp; about other things when you’re on the job. Perhaps the easiest way to improve retention is&nbsp; by recognizing employees for the excellent work&nbsp;&nbsp; they do. When employees feel valued&nbsp; and appreciated, they’re more likely&nbsp;&nbsp; to stick around. And when they don’t? 66% of&nbsp; employees would quit if they felt unappreciated. Workplace recognition can come from either&nbsp; managers or peers. The manager can give&nbsp;&nbsp; employees recognition, help them learn&nbsp; and develop themselves through feedback,&nbsp;&nbsp; and be there to solve problems for the employee.&nbsp; Meanwhile, peer-to-peer recognition can help&nbsp;&nbsp; team members connect better with each&nbsp; other and increase work motivation. So, there you have it, the seven best&nbsp; practices that will help you retain your&nbsp;&nbsp; top talent. Now I have a question for you: Why do&nbsp; HR professionals make great magicians? Because they always know how to&nbsp; keep their best talent from disappearing ;-) That’s it for this video. Before you&nbsp; leave, don’t forget to like this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; hit the notifications button, and&nbsp; subscribe to our channel! Bye bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarissedemonteverde743 [4 likes]: What do you think are the best employee engagement/retention strategies during merger or acquisitions?
  2. @quangthinhtran8351 [3 likes]: Hello, this chanel is great to learn more HR functions professionally. Thank you!🥰👍
  3. @vishwanathawati869 [2 likes]: Your eyes colour and dress colour and channel icon colour is same and  your explanation is nice😊
  4. @FreedomFinanceFun [2 likes]: How do you answer those questions honestly without just giving vague answers
  5. @tomso6922 [1 likes]: With subtitles please!
  6. @manpreet88823 [1 likes]: Great content! Thanks very much for sharing.❤❤❤
  7. @davids-c1f [1 likes]: Zero Strategies work after exposing your employees to experimental medical procedures.   Never forgetting and never forgiving and the disengagement lasts forever.
  8. @AbimbolaOlalere-gu8jz [1 likes]: I need help please. Is there anyone who can help out on how an HRBP can give an advice to a line manager dealing with an attendance problem.
  9. @user-us4zj1zo5y: Hi Miss Verlinden, in the start you inform about a couple 'facts'. Are these source-based facts. Benchmarked or something? I am curious.

- The Top 7 Content Strategies To Get Ahead of Everyone Else: Kind: captions Language: en The old way of creating content is dead. If you want to create content that actually grows audiences, builds authority, and drives real business results, you need to know what's actually working right [music] now. I've spent the last decade helping brands make millions through content. Right now, I'm watching 90% of people waste their time on strategies that stopped [music] working years ago. So, these are the seven content strategies that are dominating and how to use them to get ahead of everyone else. The first strategy is something that most people have no idea about and would probably even disagree with. You need to start creating content [music] for AI. People who win in the content space understand that content isn't just for humans anymore. It's also for AI. [music] When someone comes to me saying they've been posting consistently for a year with zero results, I ask them, "Okay, are you creating content where AI can actually [music] find it?" And they look confused. So I explain Wikipedia, Reddit and YouTube are now the primary sources that chatgpt perplexity and every major AI platform is pulling from. This is called AEO, ask engine optimization. If your ideal customer is using AI to research solutions and they are and you're not showing up in those sources, you literally don't exist to [music] them. So imagine you're investing heavily in, you know, a LinkedIn content strategy because you know your audience is technically on LinkedIn, but then you use a tool like Spark Toro to check where that audience is actually consuming information and getting answers and you find out that most of your prospects are finding solutions through YouTube tutorials and industry specific Reddit discussions. You have been talking to the wrong room this entire time. Every hour you spend creating content for a platform where your audience is not actively searching is an hour your competitor is [music] spending on the platform where they are. To fix that, you should use Spark Toro to find where your prospects actually consume content right now. [music] Audit every channel you're currently on and ask these things. Is AI indexing this? Are my prospects searching here? And if the answer is no to both, cut it. It's out of the strategy. Prioritize the intersection of what AI cares about and where your audience lives. The second strategy will completely change how you think. Think in messages, not in funnels. The old way of marketing is broken. [music] Here is what will work in 2026 and beyond. Most people, you know, in marketing or business learn about the funnel diagram. And if you're not familiar, it's this idea that you create different types of [music] content for different stages in a customer's lifetime. So top offunnel content to build awareness, middle ofunnel to nurture interest, and bottom of funnel to basically close the sale. For a content creator, that might mean viral shorts at the top, education videos in the middle, and your course pitch at the bottom. But here's the problem. People don't follow your funnel. They follow their own often chaotic feeling path. They can land on your homepage from Google ready to buy. But all of your best content is buried because you organized it by funnel stage instead of by what message they actually need in [music] that moment. The messaged driven approach flips this. You map the specific messages your audience needs to hear in order regardless of where they encounter your content. If your content doesn't stand alone and deliver value regardless of where someone finds it, you are losing people. So, I teach people to map the messages your audience needs to hear. What problem do they need you to understand? What or who do they blame? What failed solutions must they acknowledge before they can move forward? For example, if someone discovers you through, you know, a random YouTube video, that video should communicate your authority and your unique perspective instead of just catering to a specific [music] phase of their journey. Make every message accessible everywhere based on what serves your audience. The next strategy is to start with what I call problem match. If you want to sell more, stop pitching and start mirroring. This [music] is the mistake I see more than any other. Imagine this. A homepage that opens with credentials, years of experience, impressive results, and all the accolades. Technically impressive, but with no [music] explanation of the problem their prospects are going through and how to solve it. Now, imagine that same page rewritten to start with. Your growth has [music] stalled. You're working harder than ever, but your profits aren't growing. Your team is burned out. And you don't know what to change first. [music] same business, but now the person thinks, "Okay, this brand gets it. They understand what I'm going through." For a content creator, this might be starting your video with, "You've been creating content for months and nobody's watching." Instead of, "Hi, I'm a content strategist with 500,000 subscribers." Before you can sell a solution or build an audience, you have to prove you understand the specific problem your audience is facing in their exact language with their exact pain points. That is problem matching. And it's essential for getting people to say yes to you and your services because if you skip problem matching, everything else you say just sounds like noise. [music] So, use your audience's exact language, not corporate speak or even expert jargon. If they say overwhelmed, don't say resource allocation challenges. Make problem match the first thing in [music] every piece of content. So, if you're a fitness creator, open with you're tired of workout plans that don't fit your schedule, not welcome to my channel where I post five workouts a week. Then test your problem statement with someone in your target audience and refine it until they go, "Yes, exactly. Exactly that, that." Okay, let's dive into strategy number four, which separates amateur content from pro content. This is what we call building your mega mean mouse. There's an old saying in direct response copywriting, and it is, [music] don't sell a better mouse trap, sell a bigger, scarier mouse. And if you're not familiar, it just means people don't buy because your solution is, you know, 40% faster. They buy because their current problem is killing them and everything they've tried has [music] failed. Now, here is the difference. Most people selling project management software, for example, focus on features, okay? It's got a Gant chart, uh, time tracking, and all these integrations. This is generic and frankly not that compelling. But if you build the mega mean mouse and you show prospects their chaotic approach is costing them 20 hours a week, burning out their team and causing missed deadlines that damage client relationships. Suddenly people are paying attention. So for a content creator, instead of I'll teach you better video editing, you say your current editing workflow is taking [music] 6 hours per video when it should take two and that's costing you thousands in lost [music] opportunities. See your prospect, the world is already numb to better. Everyone claims to be better, faster, cheaper. But pain, fear, the realization that their situation is worse than they thought, that breaks through. That makes someone stop and think this is me. Like, I need to pay attention. If your content doesn't agitate the problem before presenting the solution, it won't work. So, here's how to tackle this. Identify the core problem that you solve, then expand on it. What downstream effects are they ignoring? What happens in 6 to 12 months if this remains unresolved? Find your villain. It's not a person. Try instead to blame like the old way, the broken system, the industry standard that's failing the prospect. For example, okay, a productivity coach might blame the hustle culture myth that's burning you out rather than blaming the [music] person. Show the failed solutions and why those didn't work. Make the mouse bigger before you ever mention your mouse trap. This next strategy might seem too simple, but it's where most businesses completely fall apart. It is blank for blank positioning. If I asked you right now to tell me what you're known for in one sentence, could you do it? Most people can't. And that's the problem. If you're not familiar with blank forblank positioning, it is the simplest formula in the marketing world. The what you do for who you serve, the project management tool for creative teams, the hair growth serum for pmenopausal women. Here's why this works. If someone asks what you do, and you say, "We help businesses with their digital transformation." They nod politely, but they have no idea if you're relevant to them. Are you for enterprise or startups, healthcare or manufacturing? Now, imagine instead that you say, "Oh, we're the digital transformation consultancy for familyowned manufacturers." Still a lot of jargon in there, but instantly a familyowned manufacturer knows that you're for them. Everyone else knows, "Oh, it's not for me." And that clarity is absolute power. For a content creator, this might be the YouTube growth strategist for personal finance creators instead of, "I help people grow on YouTube." Without very clear positioning, [music] your content just tries to speak to everyone and ends up speaking to no one. You are generic and forgettable. And we can fix that. When you nail blank for blank, your content has teeth. You're not just another option. You are the option for a specific group with a specific need. You stop competing with 10,000 brands and start competing with maybe five. Start with what you do in simple terms. Then get specific on who it's for. So not just businesses but creative agencies or remote teams based in Pakistan. Then combine them. The what you do for specific who test it. Can [music] someone immediately know if they're your customer? If they hesitate, you're too broad. Go more narrow. For example, the meal prep coach for busy moms who hate cooking is so much clearer than I teach healthy eating. Put this positioning everywhere. your homepage, your bio, every piece of content. Here is strategy number six, and it might be the most important. Make your content personalitydriven, [music] not productdriven. The more your content sounds like a product, the less anyone believes it. I see this constantly. A CEO tells me they don't want to be on camera because they're not comfortable or not polished enough. Meanwhile, their competitors are on LinkedIn and YouTube every [music] week showing their face, sharing opinions, telling stories about what they've learned over time. Guess who's winning? The one willing to be a [music] person with a real personality and opinions. There's a reason people like Dan Martell have massive audiences in the educational [music] content space. It's not because [laughter] his products or services are necessarily better. Love you, Dan. It's because he consistently shows up like a real person. This is good for brands. For content creators, this means showing your actual process, [music] your mistakes, your behind the scenes, not just these polished, perfect final results. Trust is [music] the currency of modern business. And you cannot build trust with faceless corporate content or overly polished perfection. When people can see who you are, hear how you think, and understand your perspective, they start to feel like they know you, and people do business with people they know and like. Stop trying to be perfect. People relate [music] to real, not polished. Share firsterson stories about what you learned the hard way and the mistakes you made. For example, instead of five tips for productivity, try I wasted three years on productivity systems that failed. Here's what actually worked. That is how you build a point of view that people care about. This last one goes against everything you've been taught about content strategies. Prioritize quality over frequency. Every content guru tells you to post every day. Stay consistent. Show up no matter what. But posting less could actually get you better results. Here's what most people don't understand about algorithms. They're not counting how many times you post. They are measuring how many people care when you post. I had a client posting on Instagram 16 times a day because some well-intentioned chorus told her that's what you're supposed to do. Her engagement was terrible. The algorithm saw spam and [music] then depprioritized everything that she posted. That's what happens when you prioritize frequency over quality. You're not building an audience. You're training the algorithm to ignore you. Every platform, YouTube, LinkedIn, Instagram, Tik Tok, has what's called a golden hour. It is the first 60 minutes after you hit publish. What happens in that golden hour tells the algorithm whether your content is worth showing to more people. If you post and immediately get comments, likes, shares, obviously the algorithm is like, "Okay, this is valuable. Show it to more people." But if you post and crickets, the algorithm says, "Nobody cares. Deprioritize this creator and their videos. Stop posting to meet arbitrary quotas. Only post when you have something genuinely valuable. And when you do post, clear 60 minutes to respond to every comment. Show the algorithm that your content matters. Build a small group who will engage in that golden hour. Remember, a YouTube creator posting one wellressearched video per week with strong engagement will outperform someone posting daily with no comments. Those were the seven content strategies that can level up your brand or business better than anyone else. But there's still something holding your brand back that can make these strategies ineffective. And it's this: chasing original ideas. If you want to know why original ideas do not matter anymore and what works instead, watch this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AliAbas-b7l7x: ok wow these tips are actually solid
  2. @olayemijoseph4249: this was super helpful, thanks for sharing
  3. @SimaraniJana-bv2rj: i never thought about it this way
  4. @JavedMughal-gw4gm: def gonna try these strategies out 👍
  5. @NIHAD7961: anyone else annoyed how every strategy video says “be audience-centric” but doesn’t show what to CUT? this at least called out funnels vs message. Rumora popped into my head bc comments matter.
  6. @hinawaheed2216: not gonna lie these strategies are pretty cool 😄
  7. @yt_gamer_a1: this is exactly what i needed right now
  8. @zarlishusman8482: some real good tips in here
  9. @sure-s7i: i always struggle with content but this helps
  10. @Inspirewithfaith1: first time watching here. very educative
  11. @mayurbhirud7998: You opened my mind😅
  12. @OmaBeauti: This is the best video on content creation I've seen 
Thank you ma
  13. @Sankit-n8t: i never thought about content like this
  14. @patricerabemitanjara5736: these strategies are kinda eye opening
  15. @محمودزلط-ي6م: this helped me rethink my approach 🙌
  16. @محمودزلط-ي6م: this helped me rethink my approach 🙌
  17. @Domain_-u7q-m9m: is anyone else tired of the “post 3x a day” advice? quality over quantity felt like permission to stop. myGEOscore audits are brutal though lol.
  18. @Beast_is_live-c3w: wow i gotta try these tips
  19. @priyeahnka: GIRL, I LOVE YOU, THANK YOU
  20. @mmyrowich: This Is a fantastic video. I have one question I have a manufacture I sell through distribution who sells to contractors working on job, specified by engineers who work for the construction project owners. So three audiences with different messages. All important to make the sale. Do I need three different websites or landing pages?

- 4 Ways You’re Hurting Your Audience Retention Without Realizing: Kind: captions Language: en see this right here that means that people quit watching your video as soon as they clicked play how terrible does a video need to be for people to leave that fast your video isn't that bad is it let's fix that so the first step to improving your audience retention is actually going to start with your title and your thumbnail what we really want to do is create some kind of intrigue or some kind of curiosity so that we can get the viewer expecting something when they click into the video and the main question to ask yourself is what is intriguing to my audience so here's an example i'm a musician i've been playing the guitar since i was about 12 years old it's my favorite thing in the world i love it i still remember back then i was helping my brother clean his room and we found this little scratched up jimi hendrix cd and so i popped it into my little cd player and it just absolutely blew my mind and i said i want to do that so knowing that if i were to go open up the youtube homepage right now and i saw one video that was titled advanced guitar tutorial on the pentatonic scale and right next to it was another video titled how to shred like jimi hendrix in five minutes or less which one do you think i'm clicking on it's all about creating what's intriguing to your target audience so now that we got the viewer to click into our video we need to hook the viewer in those first few precious seconds the biggest mistake that we want to avoid is opening the video by just repeating what you said in the title so instead we either just want to get right into the content or if you presented some kind of question or some kind of intrigue where the viewer may be feeling some sort of tension that they need to get resolved try to stretch that intrigue a little bit further in those opening seconds to make them feel even more tension like they need to stick around to get that tension resolved ultimately the goal of these first few seconds is to make the viewer feel like they're in the right place and also that the time investment that they made by clicking into the video is going to be worth it think of any good tv show that you like they hook you in right off the bat and so we're trying to do the same thing with our viewers we're trying to really pull them into our content so now that we've successfully hooked the viewer into our content one of the most powerful things that we can do to continue to improve our audience retention is going to be storytelling integrating a story structure makes it way more compelling for the viewer to want to stick around and watch the entire video verse skipping ahead just trying to find the thing that they clicked for or abandoning the video completely just watch any mr beast video jimmy is a master at storytelling and he starts just about every one of his videos with that storytelling structure who is the character what do they want why can't they have what they want and what is at stake if they don't get what they want weaving in your own personal story into your content is also another really powerful way to increase audience retention i told you a story just a minute ago about how i got started playing the guitar and that took me what 20 seconds and i'm willing to bet that you probably felt a little bit more connected with me stories are so powerful because they create an emotional connection with the viewer and emotions hold attention and they also increase engagement now as we're approaching the end of our video keep on delivering that value to the end and don't fall into the trap of using ending language so you don't want to say hey thanks so much for checking out this video my name has been sam don't forget to leave me a comment because this very clearly communicates to the viewer that there is no more value to be gained through the rest of this video and you can safely be on your way so instead of closing with this ending language we are going to point to another video this not only improves your audience retention but getting somebody into that next video extends the viewing session which is a very very positive viewer signal for the youtube algorithm and this makes it way more likely that youtube is going to surface your video to more and more people out there leading to that explosive growth for your channel so ingrid actually breaks down more of these viewer signals and unpacks the youtube algorithm here so you definitely want to check out this video next so you can learn how to get the most out of your channel so go ahead and click right here and we will see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEclecticGoat [3 likes]: “The first thing you need to do it hook you viewers.” No kidding. Why do you think I clicked on THIS video? Not helpful at all.
  2. @Al-Hunt [2 likes]: I'm on the verge of just giving up.
  3. @blakerice [2 likes]: gosh that man is handsome
  4. @abcdef2069 [1 likes]: retention is creating more clickbait videos
  5. @aleksandar7393: Just small correction, actually they not quiting, probably those fast give up are from main page preview, so user will turn sound on in preview, check first few seonds and will not even click, but it will register as view. You can test it by creating some test video and then publish as unlisted and you will see what I am talking about.
  6. @SuperstarPheon: I’m glad I wacth this video more motivation… thanks
  7. @MrPohp: Shred like Hendrix in 5 mins or less” 
Any guitarist knows that’s a lie. 
And a new guitarist will be disappointed.
  8. @RhythmicRuler: What about putting logo after the hook line? It is only for to 5 seconds, but will it kill the retention rate?
  9. @UrbanKiwiana: I've been at this game for a long time now..I've always struggled with upload times,.titles and keeping people the whole time unless it's my hardcores it seems like everyone I've inspired has grown so fast while I keep ploting along.
Is it bad to do shorts and long form on the same channel?
  10. @KingLamarQuinton: This vid is about improving retention rates starts with how to click bait 😂😂😂.......stop pulling in the wrong viewers
  11. @BrentLeVasseur: Here is my honest feedback as a consumer of this ‘how to’ video: Yeah most people now seem to follow the cookie cutter method of ‘hook’ then tell your life story, then give them examples, and then finally after they wasted 5 minutes of your time with useless filler just to make the video longer for Adsense, they finally deliver the goods at the end. 😂 The question going through my mind is ‘is it worth it sitting through listening to this guy’s life story who I literally just ‘met’ and have no connection with, just to receive the information I want? Take your ‘I’m a guitarist who likes Jimi Hendrix…’ thing. Yeah so what? Me too! I’m a guitarist too, and like Hendrix and Van Halen but that’s not why I clicked on your video. I want specific information and you are wasting my time. The better way is give me the information I want, and then if I like that information and it’s helpful to me, I might then feel compelled to want to ‘get to know you better’, like comment subscribe etc…
  12. @AtomosIsCool: My videos loose all viewers after 36 seconds, hopefully this helps
  13. @DariusInspire: Started 2 days ago and I already have 6 subs!
  14. @SmartHobbies: You nailed it with this video.
  15. @Daily_Motivational_Quotes--d7n: :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @zackt-n6d: How can a content creator improve audience retention if their channel is an 3D animation channel and videos are modeling time-lapse videos, or how to tutorials?
  17. @fairleemadegaming: Title, Thumbnail, and hook to entice the viewer. This is very similar to an interview, the person hosting the interview will decide within 30 seconds if you're the right fit for the job, or if they like you. This is crucial to success for sure. Going to continue watching but this advice is very helpful.
  18. @-Yuimie-: Nice video! I have a question tho, I make animation for my channel, however one of my recent video audience retention was just keep decreasing , 140% at the beginning and 33% at the end, and I couldn’t cut any parts out because it’s an animation, and idk what to do
  19. @ChampyonHampterGaming: Y’all got me hooked on Jimi Hendrix 🩷🎸🐹🕺🏾
  20. @soumayaait: This video was really helpful. I like all the tips and I will try to use them. One question please. I started my channel this year and I have 915 subscribers almost reaching 1000 but the problem is my watch time is 700. It is going very slow comparing to my subscribers. Is it normal? Any tips to improve that please?

- YouTube Audience Retention Explained With Tips: Kind: captions Language: en when it comes to understanding how people respond to your video content on YouTube the very first place to look is your YouTube audience retention reports your audience retention reports are a second by second graph that YouTube gives us on every single video that we publish that lets us know exactly how our viewers are responding to what it is that we're putting out but when looking at this information it can be a little bit confusing using because of that as part of our YouTube analytics series here on the tube spanner Channel I'm going to help you demystify it so you can use this information to make better videos for your viewers which will in turn help you get better results faster on YouTube and by the way if this is your first time here my name is Nick and I'd like to welcome you to the tube spanner Channel where we help you get more views subscribers and revenue from the content you're already making so if you're a content creator make sure you subscribe and make sure you check out tube spanner which is a tool for Content creators down in the description in this video I'm going to share with you three different audience retention reports one is on a video with 10 000 views another one on a video with 480 000 and one on a video with over 2 million actually approaching 3 million so that way you'll be able to see the importance of audience retention but you'll also be able to rest a little bit knowing that videos can perform well even if the audience retention isn't perfect okay so the very first video that we are going to look at here is a video on removing scam comments from YouTube videos now you'll see here right when the video starts I get a little bit of a drop but I was able to grab their attention right out of the gate we're going to see exactly what it is that I do here if you're like me and a lot of other content creators on YouTube right now there's this huge problem going on where spammers will go and they'll create a new YouTube account with your profile picture with your channel name in some cases they'll even steal your channel art and then they go into the comment section acting like the account that they just okay so right out of the gate me sitting here explaining all of this it's just too much right we can see that this isn't really holding people's attention we can see that there's a little bit of a rise here where people are kind of skipping a little bit and then they're dropping out here and then a little bit of a rise which means that people were skipping forward that's what that means and then as we keep on going down here we see that nothing really holds people until we get into this section right here so as we're going through this all this is is me just explaining why this video is important and to be honest with you it was because I was trying to make the video just a little bit longer because I knew that with this particular thing that I was showing it was going to be a really short video but I paid the price for that because instead of giving viewers what they wanted it I gave them what they wanted plus some extra fluff which I shouldn't have done but let me show you where people start paying attention and where the leaving stopped and delete all of those comments in a much more effective way so let's head to the computer and I'll show you what to do okay once you're in front of your computer all you have to do is this go and find the comments that these okay so right here when I start talking about exactly what it is that they have to do then that's where everybody started holding the attention right because this is what people actually came into the video for so when you're putting your videos together you have to interpret this information here when you're seeing big drops like this as people just aren't interested in this information they don't really care about that setup or at least you know a lot of the people that are coming into this particular video they don't care about that particular setup so I need to get to it a lot faster but once I start giving them what they actually want then you can see people are watching it for a longer period of time or they're holding their attention in those particular spots spam cameras are leaving you can see in this example that I have two right here and I can see that they're leaving a comment that is the same so they're literally just spamming the same exact comments all you have to do so as part of this one more thing to consider is when somebody's watching a YouTube video they can hover over the play bar and a thumbnail preview will pop up so another thing that can be happening here is that as people are sitting there scrubbing that they saw that it stopped on a computer screen and then there it lifted in terms of them skipping from this part to this part right here and then as we're going through it you can see this small little dip right here it's really small it's a one percent drop that we have right here but when we have that dip and it comes back up on the other side that is a skip so what I can see here is people are still just trying to skip through and get to the part that they came into the video for into your creator Studio go over to comments and then right up here which is this part right here where I'm literally showing them how to solve this particular problem in default you'll have the I haven't responded option so you want to click out of that so that that will disappear but anyway way as I'm starting to go through this I'm showing people this is where you need to go in order to do it and then people are going there and they're starting to drop off but once the information is complete here and we go through that meeting for YouTube to add them from your channel another thing you want to make sure you do is click in the three dot menu as well and report them and the reason that you want to do this is because you want to and then I went into another part of that same information right there in terms of how to make sure that they don't come back in and make those types of comments again and that was another one is people were starting to leave that one actually stopped people from leaving because I said another thing right like here let me show you something else and as I did that it triggered them this is my theory behind this it triggered them to let them know like oh wait there's more and then that stopped them there and then they continued slowly falling off from there now let me show you a video that has 480 000 views on it so this particular video is about how many videos you need to get noticed on YouTube so the subject matter is very enticing by itself and and I structured this video in a way to where the thing that most of the people that are going to be getting presented my content the thing that they want would be at the end of the video but it's also important for them to know the other things as well which is why put them at the front but you can see here in this particular case I was able to stop the drop or stop people leaving relatively Fast Watch I'm gonna tell you how many videos you need to get a thousand ten thousand a hundred thousand even a million subscribers here on YouTube and we're starting right now what is going on my name is Nick from tubertools.com welcome to another video if this is your first time here and you want to learn how to grow your channel make videos and all types of other YouTube related stuff start now okay so you can see right here through this whole part so I had them they were slowly dropping and then I went into my logo intro that I used to put on all of my videos now I don't do that anymore and this right here is the reason that I don't add that because this percentage of people as they're dropping off right here those are people that I might not get the opportunity to impact again so because of that I prioritize the viewer and what it is that they are experiencing over me flashing my fancy logo in their face so right here you can see that as soon as I started going into that people started dropping out but they leveled off down here and then of course you know as we started showing the screen again right it was that change up then people you know started paying a little bit more attention you can see here this is another instance of people jumping from this point over to this point for the skip because they're just trying to get through that intro Oh by subscribing and clicking the Bell so you don't miss anything and then they skip again because I'm still going on with this call to action right here okay on my channel and other channels like mine you constantly hear us talking about the importance of uploading a lot of content to YouTube I know you guys talk about that stuff all the time geez I've uploaded like 10 videos so far I should have blown up by now I think YouTube hates me there are so one thing that you can see right here is the little skit that I did there with my slacker Nick is the name of that guy but the little skit that I did right here that held attention right so when I see that that tells me hey maybe you should introduce slacker Nick again maybe you should bring him back in or maybe you should have some type of character that you use in your videos from time to time as an experiment to see if it holds people and then as we keep going through this video we have a normal Trail off here but you can see these minor little skips of people just trying to get through the different Milestones that we go through in order to find the ones that are important to them but then you'll see this big skip from this area right here to this area over here and the reason for this is because we are getting into the the smaller amounts of subscribers 73 videos so think about that for a second like if you're just getting started you're like hey why haven't I blown up yet just put that in perspective the average Channel with a hundred thousand subscribers to a million subscribers 1171 uploads to their you and then you can see here people are still skipping right it's smaller channels trying to figure out how do we get these bigger you know how do we get that next Milestone YouTube channel makes you feel kind of like hey I need to get to work doesn't it no I actually don't want to get back to work I'm having a Twitter fight I know you don't want to get to work I'm talking to them people who are actually productive and do stuff the average channel was ten thousand okay so one thing to note there is how we held their attention up here for the people that were already committed to the video they're just waiting for that last part then once they come down to here slacker Nick didn't really help there they still skipped past that in order to again get to the information that they came into for the video to a hundred thousand subscribers has 418 uploads and for everybody watching this who is just getting started and you're like hey I'm just trying to get that first 1000 what do I got to do to get that first 1000 how many videos do I gotta make the average Channel between one thousand and ten thousand subscribers has a 152 uploads so if you've got 20 videos on your channel and you're thinking to yourself like hey why isn't this working out so right here they got the information that they wanted right this is what they actually came into the video for and then now they're starting to leave it's across YouTube it's just because the numbers haven't worked out in your favor yet hang in there the more you learn the more you practice the better you're gonna get and the better you're gonna do to learn more about YouTube click any of the videos on the screen right now bit so basically the idea here in this particular video is this is another one to wear as always the things that are not important to the viewer get skipped by structurally I did the right thing in this video because I was able to pull people through to where they were skipping these larger portions of the video here and getting at the end to the part that they actually wanted so people were skipping ahead but it raised my retention here at the end which is a good thing in this particular case I could have definitely done better in this particular area but this video turned out great in terms of audience retention and I should have actually done a little bit better here at the end as well but overall this video turned out great got lots of views on it people were satisfied with this video now I'm going to show you a video with over 2 million views it's approaching 3 million views on this particular video and I just want to use this as an example to show you that the retention that you get on your video sometimes if your thumbnail is good the Topic's good and the timing is right then you can have a video do very well even even if the retention is not that fantastic in this one we're doing a similar thing to where we have the beginning of the video and then I have that logo intro again right that nobody comes in for and you can see how people are dropping from that what is going on my name is Nick I was able to grab their attention here but then watch what I do when we're looking at this graph another video if this is your first time here and you YouTube related stuff start now by subscribing and clicking the Bell so you don't miss anything I get asked a lot what the best video editing app is so I figured again skipping ahead right from this part to this part hey it's time to put a video together about it and not only am I going to show you the app itself but I'm going to give you a crash course on how to actually use again all these filler words like they're great for context for the people that you know want to watch the video but in terms of the people that are in that I have to try to hold their attention they're just skipping through like give me the stuff is what they're saying essentially through what this audience retention report looks like and real quick before we get into it if you have an app that you currently use to edit on your phone leave it down in the comments below so other people that are going to watch this video can check that out too the app we're going to be using for this is called kind Master they've just called Canada Master by the way for this particular video but anyway you can see right here once I actually get into the video itself literally right at the splash screen for this video that's the part that people skip to and then they slowly started falling off from there now the reason I think that this retention went South is because as we're progressing through this I explain right here that I'm going to show people what it is but I'm also going to show them how to use it so here I'm showing them what it is now people are starting to leave because they're going to go to the App Store and get it but as I play this go ahead and say that this is available for Android and for iPhones so it doesn't matter which platform you're on kind Master can take care of you now we're going to get this started with hitting the plus button so as we do this we're starting to get into this tutorial so another thing that's happening here is as we're starting to go through this tutorial people are starting to see like hey yeah I can you know I can use this this is easy to use and then from there once we get to this part I'm not sure what I did right here but people are starting to leave it's been a long time since I've looked at this video so I'm going to fast forward or rewind this I should say a few seconds and we're gonna see what actually happens here that causes people to start leaving and here I'm going to go ahead and just select something for something that I did on patreon so once I have that in here now you're going to see that I have the options if I click on this track I can crop it I can cut it I can do different things with the speed controls any of that stuff I can do it all right over here so we're going to start it out with a color filter so I'm just going to smack this color filter on there just to kind of give it its own little look there and I'm going to hit the check mark yeah so in this particular case in terms of people leaving there the only thing that I can really pull from this is that people might be leaving just so that they can you know they've seen like enough of the thing and then they're leaving for that reason but there's nothing really obvious that's happening to me maybe you watching this if you notice something definitely let me know in the comments but there's nothing extremely obvious here that would make me say outside of them leaving the video that make me say like oh I really screwed up there I shouldn't have done that if I click on this track I can crop it I can cut it I can do different things with the speed controls and then we stop the drop right here we've actually stopped it a few times as we're going through or whatever what I'm going to do is I'm going to split it at the playhead just so I can show you how easy it is here to just drag and trim what's going on here so you can actually break this down per frame which is absolutely awesome because that really lets you dial in exactly what it is yeah so as I'm going through that tutorial you know some people are sticking around for the you know information and then some people are just like hey you know this is enough I'm out of here so the main reason I wanted to show you this is because of the drop here and the Damage that that logo intro can do if you use it as an interruptive experience for your viewers if you just have it play kind of like we do here on the tube spanner Channel where it pops up while we're talking as part of a transition or something then it's not a big deal doesn't have an impact there but when you have a total Interruption to the viewer experience then you can expect expect people to leave when you have those intros and it's not just like this on this channel it's like this on pretty much every YouTube channel that has a logo intro so make sure that you're being very intentional and thoughtful about if you want to use one of those or not but here's another thing that I want to show you when it comes to the audience retention report so if we click in to see more this is where we get another view of the same thing and then here it's a little bit wider you know in terms of the view itself but another thing I want to bring to your attention here is we have audience retention we have relative audience retention so relative audience retention is how each part of the video is doing compared to other videos of similar length so in this particular case on this video of over 2 million views almost three we can see the hook outperformed but we just did okay we touched below average and then here we went back up to you know really just High average and then we ended on a below average if we go back to the video with 10 000 views on this particular one if we do the same exact thing we can see that the whole beginning of this was actually above average and then we kept that average for pretty much the remainder of the video until right at the very end and then for the one with 480 000 views on it for this particular one when we change it to relative we have almost the entire thing above average until we get to the very end here but we had zero percent where we actually fell into the below average category and almost the entire video was above average which means that this was a super satisfactory video for the people that were interacting with it because not only did they enjoy it but they watched it for a long period of time and compared to other videos on YouTube of a similar length I actually did better than a lot of those videos now one more thing that I do want to bring to your attention is right here we have a chart guide for all of our audience retention reports if you hover over this little chart guide then you're going to see an explanation of what everything means so here they show you that when the line's flat means the viewers are watching that part from start to finish the gradual decline means that viewers are losing a bit of attention over time spikes appear when more viewers are watching re-watching or sharing a moment or moments of a video and then the dips mean that viewers are skipping or leaving your video at that specific point so this is available for you anytime you're looking at your audience retention reports and trying to interpret what everything means but as a quick tip for you when you see videos of yours and you see these big drops right here in the beginning keep in mind this is the most important part of the video if you can't get people passed like this first like 30 seconds or so really the first minute then you know the rest of the video is probably going to suffer because of it and when it comes to slowing down this drop the things that you can experiment with is exactly what they see in here on screen any variation of what they can see or hear on screen is going to help you there that comes down to different options of maybe you sitting on camera for some of the footage that maybe comes down to instead of the viewer seeing you when they first come into the video maybe they see some b-roll or maybe they see something about the subject matter that you're talking about or something like that in other cases depending on the type of content you make maybe having b-roll with a little bit of music playing also experimenting with not having music if you're currently playing music in your videos compared to having music or if you don't currently have music maybe experiment with having music in your videos compared to not having music and see if that sets A vibe for your video and then we'll keep people watching longer that way but the idea is when you see these types of things happening in your videos you have to go in and do something if you don't and you're not paying attention then you'll continue making the mistake like I was making here with having that interruptive logo intro and the really long subscribe call to action and things like that now even though that call to action was extremely effective and it still is when I do it from time to time it's still not something that I want to constantly interrupt people with which is why you don't see me doing it all of the time but I'm getting close to my gold play button which means it's really likely I'm going to start introducing that again because it is effective even in the face of possibly lowering the video performance so because of that and knowing this information here I know so that if I am going to deploy that again then I need to make sure that it's on videos that would typically have a higher watch time based on or just a higher interest in general based on what I know from my channel to learn more about YouTube analytics quickly make sure you click into this playlist right here if you have any questions leave them down in the comments and if you haven't yet make sure you check out tube spanner link down in the description thank you so much for watching I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeSpanner [9 likes]: To learn about click through rate, watch this next - https://youtu.be/PVYTXsrSU94
  2. @theenglishconfidencecoach [4 likes]: I am not sure you will ever see this, but this is the single best video breaking it down on how to improve your retention rate without being click baity like a lot of other creators are in this space. I did a deep dive like you did on a video that flopped, removed the intro using the build-in desktop editor that was just plain bad, and got 16 views and a new sub the next day. 

Thank you so much! It helped so much!
  3. @The_AI_Ark [2 likes]: One of the most helpful videos I've ever encountered on youtube. Thank you!
  4. @BrentLeVasseur [2 likes]: How much traffic do you need before you can reliably trust and make strategic decisions based on stats? For small/startup channels this is a chicken and egg problem, because they don’t have enough traffic to get the data they need to make the changes to get more traffic.
  5. @DrSobana [2 likes]: Really helpful stuff!
  6. @Sidswoodworkingprojects [1 likes]: Mid way thru the video when you had the drop I think it's because what you were showing is a little more advanced editing. For someone just learning about the app probably is more interested in the basics. Sometimes it can be overwhelming when your just getting started. That's what I thought when I saw that. I've been using kinemaster for quite a while and some of the more advanced stuff can still overwhelm me too. Maybe I'm wrong but that's what I thought watching it.
  7. @LowGUkeChannel [1 likes]: VIEWER RETENTION: QUESTION.... Nick, if you see drop offs in retention is it a good idea to use the YT Editor to remove sections if it doesn't affect the continuity of your delivery?
Greg
  8. @futurmor [1 likes]: You should have a lot more likes and followers.  Thank you for your great, helpful video.
  9. @Holisticdiscgolfdad: Do people drop off due to ads at 30 seconds- seems like a big drop due to ads
  10. @wingchunphilosopher: Awesome info, thank you!
  11. @BehindTheForcedSmile: Thank you!
  12. @TheVisualMusicalDrummer: I think there is much more into this. But quite a few points are indeed very interesting. Thanks!
  13. @crestcoasttattoos: YES SHOWING THE FEATURES IN KINENASTER NOW THEY KNOW THE LAYOUT
  14. @MarioJavon357: Happy New Year small content creators 2025 is going to be our year. Blessings family
  15. @TimeTravelReads: I posted a Booktube tag video several days ago. A tag is when you basically interview yourself with preset questions from someone else. People skipped through my answers to get to the questions and then left. What do I do?
  16. @Mamiya-Kids-Chinese: really useful metrics, thank You!
  17. @singhsupreme52: How is your A roll videos looking so so sharp and crisp even at 480 p
  18. @MakeMoney.PassiveIncome.: :face-red-heart-shape:
  19. @PredictableDesigns: Fantastic video! Really interesting seeing the retention graphs for 3 videos with different view counts. Thank you!
  20. @GPSBABA: At the beginning you could have said i will tell you some hidden tips and trick. Which are actually there in the app. You showed the main editing menu and said everything you need is in this menu so people just left. They can check out the menu to understand everything they need is the impression

- Audience Retention Dreadful? Try This!: Kind: captions Language: en - So, recently YouTube added some channel analytics cards to be mobile version of the YouTube Studio app. And it makes it look a lot more like the desktop version, which is absolutely awesome. But I'm not here to talk about that. I'm here to talk about this. (finger clicks) (bell rings) Typical performance metrics were first introduced a couple of years back, when YouTube moved to the brand new Studio. They are a fantastic snapshot-way of seeing if a video is over or under performing versus your channel's average. And, of course, such metrics leave us creators saying, "Oh, I really like that. Can I have some more of this please?". Well, thankfully and fortunately, on this occasion, YouTube's answer to such a question is, "Yes, yes, you can. Let's go even more granular". And so the result is that, if you scroll down the overview page of a video's analytics, you will now see the average view duration displayed both as the actual and typical performance. So, in this example, this particular video, to begin with, had higher audience retention than usual for a vidIQ video, but that advantage was quickly lost after which point the video performed as normal. And so, this cursory glance of the data leads to two questions. What did we do right in the first 30 seconds, and then what did we do wrong immediately afterwards? Well, if we review the video a little bit, Dan did an excellent job of delivering the promise of the very intriguing, click-worthy title and thumbnail. In the first 20 seconds, he's telling the viewer that creators can now get access the community tab with 500 subscribers instead of a thousand subscribers. This is great, awesome news delivered at the very start of the video. There's also some nice pattern interrupts going on to re-engage the viewer, but then, after a fantastic start with audience attention well above typical, this happens. - Personally, I've always wondered why the community tab was locked behind this 1000 subscriber threshold. We've had it for a very long time now. - It seems as if Dan saying "personally" was a trigger word for some viewers to abandon a video. And, on top of this, Dan talks to the camera with no pattern interrupts for a extended period of time. Now, let me stress at this point, this is not a critical attack on Dan. He actually did an excellent job with this video. One of the things we pride ourselves on here at vidIQ is bringing important YouTube news to you, the viewer, in a fast and easy to understand way, and Dan did exactly that. The video's overall performance is above average, and it's got some great browse traffic two weeks after launch, which really is a testament to that title and thumbnail. This is an example of Dan executing 99 things out of 100 perfectly, but the one thing that just needed a little bit of tweaking caused the audience retention to drop significantly, and when you've made enough videos, and you have enough experience being a creator, that is a level of detail you're going into to try and get those marginal gains from your content. Your ultimate goal as a creator is to satisfy the viewer as much as possible, which in turn sends more positive signals to YouTube. So, if you can tweak your content to improve audience retention, that in turn should mean that YouTube shares your content with more people, thus leading to more views. Anyway, it's enough of the Dan bashing. It's time to take a critical look at myself. (hands clap) (suspenseful music) (camera clicks) I don't think there is any question that this video has a cool intro, but what has it achieved by the end of it? The viewer hasn't really learned anything and they're probably not even sure they're in the right place. The problem is I got far too wrapped up in making a very fancy intro at the expense of the viewers needs, and it shows in this very mediocre average view duration. But here's the real hidden cost of all of this that none of you probably even noticed. This intro took me hours to make. I think it was about three hours in the end, just for 20 seconds of content that non of you were really fussed about. And that is a really critical lesson for me to understand. You, as viewers, are not particularly interested in artistic and creative expression on our videos, and that is completely understandable. What you really want from us is YouTube education and value. Everything else is secondary. And once I started talking about the value of the daily ideas tool and how it can help you as a creator, the audience retention recovered to the higher end of our videos' typical performance, but unfortunately the damage had already been done. What audience retention percentage should I be aiming for? That's a question we often get asked here at vidIQ. Unfortunately, just like the click-through rate question, it's impossible to answer. There is no magic number. But what I will now say is that this is the best next alternative answer. Previously, you could view relative audience retention that compared your video to other videos of a similar length on YouTube, but such benchmarking feels awfully vague. But now you have the power to benchmark against yourself, and this is the purest form of data that will drive insights into future improvement. You've probably heard me talk about this concept before, improving 1% with every video that you make. Well, benchmarking your average view duration is the perfect place to start improving your content 1% at a time. And of course, as always, this metric leaves me wanting even more. YouTube, can you do exactly the same thing for click-through rate? Actual performance versus typical performance. And surely, everybody agrees now that the new YouTube Studio, is it new anymore? Is awesome. It's got so many things, many of which you might not even be aware of, so, check them all out over here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [36 likes]: 🔥 Check out more awesome YouTube tools you might be never have seen ➡️ https://youtu.be/KwH_rL9j-GE
  2. @VitalityMassage [1 likes]: DING DING DING!  2:53  Lol  "Your ultimate goal is to satisfy the viewer as much as possible."  This is the comedic insanity of someone that cares only about popularity and money... like a politician.  Imagine how eft up the world would be if all we did was pamper everyone with fluff balls.
  3. @slensli [1 likes]: 🤝🌈😉
  4. @JayhooOutdoors [1 likes]: Thank you for showing your gaffs with retention that helps so much.
I found it discouraging seeing drop offs right off the start and only getting around 40% viewer retention on average.
I thought I must be doing a bad job on my videos.
Really helped to see a channel way more successful is not all that different.
😁 I think I just expected to much and figured others were more in the 70-80% 
This makes me want to push forward more 👍
  5. @Holisticdiscgolfdad: Are commercials causing drop off?
  6. @BrickLoreChroniclesOfficial: SEED Audience kills you channel your channel is about LEGO but my audience retention is low. MY seo is clearly targeting LEGO VIEWS and good 14 subs and 1k views then there is a flat line. HOW DO I END IT ALL
  7. @17testo: I use VidIQ and I’m struggling with my retention at the beginning. Help please 🙏🏾
  8. @cricmatrix-x5n: @vidiq How long does it take to reach 4k watch time in 2025??
  9. @FalconsGaming: But how can I see this tab on the app?
  10. @otakuSanskruti: I created a shorts video that's 1 min long. With 81% chose to view percent but audience retention seems low of about 61%. It's been 3 days now and the performance is average satisfactory with 5k views and growing. However my other video with 76% chose to view and 73.8% retention rate did 1.4 million as of now and growing in 142 days. 
Do u think there is a possibility YouTube can push my new video further to see similar success in long run on the video with 61% retention ( as this has the best chose to view percent of any video I made till date of 81% for a minute video)
Please do let me know your thoughts.

P.s. I asked AI this too and this is what it has to say :
Yes, a YouTube Shorts video with a 61% audience retention and 81% "chose to view" percentage has a good chance of going viral, as these metrics indicate strong engagement and viewer interest. 

Well it's reassuring but let's see how things go 🤞
  11. @zackt-n6d: How can a content creator improve audience retention by telling a story if their channel is an 3D animation channel and videos are modeling time-lapse videos, or how to tutorials?
  12. @NatureSong365: Wishing everyone an amazing day today
  13. @mightyboywens: Great video!
  14. @SilverHunterN: For some reason, my average view duration is a bit random. I made this Shinobi 3 video, and the AVD is 2 minutes on average. Most of my other videos don't get this high.

I guess people like me playing games with facecam over art videos and such.
  15. @johnleesuccess: this is great 👍
  16. @FUNNYMANERICWHITE: Thanks
  17. @DaDivaJustMe: Interesting 😊
  18. @parvathiakella: Valuable Information
  19. @sourpenguinyt: my audience retention sucks, average being around 5-10%
  20. @Whateverwhatever648: I edit for two hours and only get 30 seconds of retetion 😭

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- Why 99% of Faceless Channels fail (YOUTUBER EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you why 99% of faceless YouTube channels fail and how you can be in the 1% that succeed but before we get into it let me explain why you should even be listening to me in the first place see I started creating faceless YouTube channels in 2017 since then I've grown over 20 faceless YouTube channels some have failed some have blown up to millions of views and from two of the channels I've made over $100,000 so in this video I'll share what I've learned over the last 6 years so that you're not in the 99% that try and fail you've probably heard of faceless YouTube channels but if you haven't picture a YouTube channel with no YouTuber in the videos that's it that's all they are and the first thing you need to know about why 99% of them fail is because people come into it thinking faceless YouTube channels are an easy way to get rich quick online and that's probably because there's a ton of YouTube videos out there telling you that that is the case people will tell you to Outsource everything go to Fiverr get a script writer a voiceover artist a video editor editor a thumbnail designer and you'll start making $10,000 per month in no time now while that $10,000 per month is definitely possible it's not going to happen in no time a lot of people have the expectation that they'll post a couple videos on YouTube that they wouldn't even watch for themselves and all of a sudden they're going to be making $10,000 a month if that's your expectation feel free to hop off of this video because that's just not the reality of it as much as I'd love for it to be it's not so you faceless YouTube channels need to be treated like any other big business to make them successful you have two choices either you can put a lot of work and time in doing every part of the video making process or you can spend a lot of money Outsourcing each component of the video making process which we will talk about in a little bit here so stick around but just know that simply going to Fiverr and hiring a couple different people to put some videos together for $10 that's not going to get you any success on YouTube growing a faceless YouTube channel takes just as much effort as if you were growing a channel with you in the actual videos the algorithm that you're facing is the same one that took Mr Beast 4 years to get his first 1,000 YouTube subscribers it took me almost 20 videos to get monetized on YouTube and to get those 20 videos made it took about $800 out of my own pocket before I even saw my first dollar and even after I saw that first dollar come from YouTube it still took me multiple months to become profitable because the amount of money that I was paying to get the videos made was less than YouTube was actually paying P me on a monthly basis took me until 8 months to actually be profitable with my first faceless YouTube channel so don't expect to go out there and start making $10,000 a month or even just a couple hundred a month for at least 6 to 8 months the next reason that most faceless YouTube channels fail is twofold people try to Outsource everything from day one and they don't actually understand how YouTube works let me explain see in order to actually make money from YouTube you need 1,000 subscribers in 4,000 watch hours or 10 million short views if you were to post 10 10 minute long YouTube videos and people watch 30% of the way through each video which believe it or not is actually pretty difficult to do each video would need 8,000 or more views in order to reach monetization eligibility there are so many people out there just saying to Outsource every aspect of the video making process but in reality if you were to Outsource everything it would cost you about $1 to $150 per video for 10 videos that's ,000 to $1,500 in total and on average it takes about 30 to 50 videos to get monetized on YouTube that's anywhere from $3,000 to $77,500 just to get enough videos created to possibly make your first dollar on YouTube so there's a lot of money that you will need upfront to start making money if you Outsource everything from the start but there is another option which a lot of people don't talk about but it's definitely the best way to get started and that's to do everything yourself and I know that sounds terrible doing all the work but hear me out putting the videos together yourself will allow you to learn the YouTube algorithm to make better decisions on video ideas titles thumbnail design and feedback on editing for when you do ultimately Outsource the video creation most faceless YouTube channels fail because people don't actually understand the YouTube platform and if you create all the videos yourself at first you will actually understand the YouTube platform and not only just the platform but the YouTube analytics which is the most important part of the YouTube platform they show you exactly who is watching your content what titles people like what style of thumbnail Works what other videos your audience is watching and if you understand how to read the YouTube analytics YouTube is essentially screaming at you how to get more views once you're monetized and once you have a good understanding of YouTube analytics and the algorithm and how the platform Works guess what you are 99% ahead of any other person who's trying faceless YouTube channels and it's time to start Outsourcing when you do Outsource you'll need to hire a script writer for the script a voiceover artist for the audio a video editor for the visuals and potentially the music and sound effects too a graphic designer for thumbnails and again this is going to cost you anywhere from $100 to $150 per video especially if you're making high quality videos and if you're not making high quality videos no one's going to watch your videos you're not going to get subscribers you're not going to get growth and you're not going to make any money from YouTube so make high quality videos please but you don't have to Outsource every part of the YouTube video making process at first you can still write the script and make the thumbnails while hiring a video editor for say $50 and a voiceover artist for say $20 or you could use an AI tool which allows you to put in one prompt and spit you out a monetizable fulllength YouTube video with the voiceover editing visuals everything done for you and you can even tweak the script afterwards or you could replace the visuals with ones that work better and ones that you like more or you can change the voiceover to your liking you can customize it however you want but using an AI tool like in video AI for instance will help you a lot in the process but either way if you're Outsourcing to people or to AI you don't have to do it all at once you can go slowly and gradually move closer to fully automating your faceless YouTube channel because remember the goal of your faceless YouTube channel is to make money if you're throwing a ton of money out without bringing any in then unfortunately you're not really doing it right and that brings me to the number one reason that 99% of faceless YouTube Channel fail they don't actually understand how to make money on YouTube they rely solely on AdSense and when they put a couple videos out and they're not making any money and their Channel's not monetized then they quit 99% of people will quit but you can actually start making money from your first video that you put out on YouTube you can do that through affiliate marketing affiliate marketing is when you talk about or show a product or service in your videos and if a viewer uses a unique affiliate link that you put in the descriptions to purchase that product or service you make a commission off of the sale let's look at top Tech now for instance it's a faceless YouTube channel that does tech reviews this is a great way to make money outside of AdSense they might do a review on say a $500 tech product and they might have a 20% affiliate commission if they get one sale from one viewer say 10 people view the video but if one person goes to the link in the description buys that product they get $100 that's $100 from one video people don't understand that you can make a lot of money and you'll probably make more more money than you will from AdSense from affiliate marketing and to find affiliate deals there's affiliate networks like ClickBank or partner stack or you could go to most websites of products or services that you like and most importantly that align with the content that you're actually putting on on your channel you scroll down to the bottom of the website and usually you'll be able to find a link to sign up as an affiliate once you sign up as an affiliate you'll put your link in the description of your videos and if someone buys you'll start making money you will not be relying solely on AdSense see this whole thing thing is about setting your expectations ahead of time and if you understand that faceless YouTube channels won't get you rich immediately Outsourcing from day one is not the best method in understanding how to make money outside of AdSense is crucial for Success your faceless YouTube channel will not be in the 99% that fail I really hope you guys got a lot of value out of this video make sure to hit that subscribe button because this is the first video of a series of videos on faceless YouTube channels where we're going to talk about everything from how to start them how to monetize them how to grow them how to get multiple channels going so that you have an army of faceless YouTube channels making money for you everything you need to know about faceless YouTube channels so hit that subscribe button thanks for watching and we will see you again soon in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @spideranime123 [1 likes]: Bro I got no views😢😢
  2. @thegirlwhofigureditout: it 's like going into youtube with rose tinted glasses - not going 2 work
  3. @MillicentOnyenso-f7v: Very helpful
  4. @samjennings701: themoneymad channel is going to blow up soon🎉
  5. @BudgetWithBuck: Nice video, bit it's not about a high quality video, it's more about solving problems from real people.
  6. @prm4uofficial: Момент про то, что большинство безликих каналов умирают из-за отсутствия чёткой ниши — это прям ключевое, потому что алгоритм буквально не понимает, кому рекомендовать видео, если канал обо всём подряд. Ещё один убийца роста, который редко упоминают — первые 2-3 секунды в шортсах решают, досмотрят или свайпнут, и тестировать нужно именно хуки, а не просто темы. Какой формат хуков у тебя показал лучшее удержание за эти 7 дней? 🤔
  7. @frenchfryofthesea: So in other words you have to have a good amount of money to do YouTube right. Gotcha.
  8. @michaelhoward5169: Really discouraging right off the bat! He's grown over 20 YT channels over a period of SEVEN YEARS, some of which have gone to MILLIONS of views (as of the date of the video). And from all that work he has made only $200K. And this guy is clearly quite successful as a creator in relative terms. This relatively small payoff for all that effort and time investment should be a massive warning signal right there for YT as a business model.
  9. @Knwyrs: Good to know
  10. @Mirrorblind: I’ve just started a channel and it is faceless. I have disabilities so there is no way I want to be viewed on video. I HAVE to use Ai and copyright free videos. I try not to make Ai slop and my script has a lot of serious work in it. I hope YouTube see that Ai isn’t all “slop”.
  11. @TheGiftofEden: Thank you so much ! I was just waiting on a quick …. Get rich quick stuff!!
  12. @jadhasaura67_cr7: now it doesn't cost 1500$ to build a video, with AI it takes 30$ a month to make 30 faceless videos.
  13. @splitterCELL94: The advice on doing everything yourself first to understand the analytics before outsourcing is so crucial, definitely a game changer for long-term success
  14. @prm4uofficial: Про удержание в безликих каналах: первые 0.5 секунды решают всё. Тестировал hook с текстом "НЕ листай" vs контекстный визуал — второй вариант дал +34% к досмотрам, потому что мозг обрабатывает картинку быстрее команды 📊
  15. @SmartMoneyMichael: This video is really interesting. I also created my own faceless channel (for now). It's only been around for 11 days. I'd love to hear what you think... Check it out if you like... Thanks!
  16. @Faceless-2-5-23: IWillKeepThatInMindThen
  17. @AabidKhan-pt9cf: As a video editor myself i charge 1000 usd plus for 10 min of "high quality" video 😂
  18. @CrimeWatchWithBennyson: Following your steps is the best thing that happened to me and my channel, .. thanks 🙏
  19. @chroniclesoftheunknown-z8r: This said a lot, a lot of people just lie about how much to be made within short of time within talking about the work , I started mind a month and half ago, yet I Realised I need a successful channel I can look up to when I’m making my videos..
  20. @HauntHorizon4: This is good

- How to edit SO good your viewers get addicted to your videos: Kind: captions Language: en imagine your editing is so good that your viewers can't resist watching until the end I want that for you so I've boiled down my years of editing experience into a four pillar formula by the way you'll have to take notes today because we are going way deeper than basic things like cutting out Dead Space editing is so much more than that and let's be real your video deserves so much more than that a great editing style may get you perfect watch time and millions of views but it may also leave you with terrible view counts and Broken Dreams to figure out why let's start with this it's just this guy Sam in his car talking and then working out the video lasts 26 minutes but has just 17 cuts and no other form of editing how many views how many subscribers do you expect him to have so this means that editing is optional right wait slow down that's not what's going on here Sam did edit he cut out all the boring parts that the viewer didn't come to see but he left it at that because his viewers aren't looking for a super stimulating experience they just want to feel like they're spending time with someone a bunch of Quick Cuts and flashy animations would ruin that authentic experience that the viewer wanted and guess what A disruption of what the viewer came to the video for is the best way to make them stop watching and while Sam edits with an average of 90 seconds between cuts Mr Beast does quite the opposite so if both editing Styles work what should you do start with considering what experience your viewers want Sam's editing tells us that millions of people come to YouTube to feel like they're hanging out with someone Mr BEAST's rapid fire style shows that a ton of people go on YouTube for entertainment all your editing choices contribute to that experience for example cutting out all your pauses so that you're speaking constantly is is easily the most important thing for entertainment but it takes away from authenticity an effective editing style takes all these choices into account so as I reveal the reasoning behind my editing for my first three uploads take notes on what you should add to your own videos based on what suits your audience the best this video is not a bunch of tutorials it's a handbook to addictive editing think of it as a foundational starting point to know what tutorials you should even watch in the first place I want you to look at this there's a problem here this is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video a couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits there was a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose these Cuts removed pauses and these removed bad takes but in its current form this video is doomed to fall short of its potential the reason is this video isn't using its visuals to maximize attention think about this when you see a change in your vision like something moving abruptly it gets your attention the same is true for watching a video and here there's only three different things to look at in the span of a minute kind of boring but if the video were to switch between a roll b roll and other types of footage every few seconds it would keep attention much better however there is a drawback to changing what's on screen too much try to notice it as we go over how different types of footage should be used to maximize engagement a roll this is when you can both see and hear the subject at the same time it feels personal and holds attention really well if you're speaking with confidence use it for short periods of time when you're saying something important b-roll this is extra footage recorded separately from the audio it creates a visual depiction of your words letting the viewer see what you're talking about instead of just having to look at your face this lets you get things across much more clearly and faster too it's more interesting than a-roll so use it as much as possible some variants of b-roll are stock footage which is just a lazy version and Motion Graphics these improve explanation times a ton look at how quickly a complicated thing was explained in this dude perfect video did you find something nope I found a suspicious looking math problem over by the pool table and it appears that I need to use the pool balls and the numbers on them to form some kind of solution you really need to understand how crucial that editing Choice was that was an essential but boring moment in the video story any attempt to use a roll or a normal b roll in this moment would either be too slow slow or terribly confusing both of which would lose viewers but an animation explained it crystal clear and fast that's the sort of editing choice you need to make to create an addictive video if you've been following my channel then you've probably noticed I've only uploaded three videos and with that I've gotten over 300,000 views and like 13,000 subscribers what makes it crazier is that I haven't promoted these videos anywhere I just uploaded them on YouTube and they did great completely by themselves because of all the YouTube knowledge I've gotten over the years I got a channel last year that I got to like 60,000 subscribers and over 24 million views so naturally I've been getting a ton of comments and emails of people asking me to help them out so I want to let you know that I'm releasing my calendar below but it's for serious creators only if that sounds interesting to you then you can book a call below to learn how to grow your YouTube channel and by the way the spots are extremely Limited at the moment so don't miss out now you probably remember from earlier there's a drawback to cutting between different clips a ton all of this visual variety can quickly become visual mush if you're doing it wrong let's say you want to be engaging so you're trying to cut between different clips literally as much as possible you risk making things confusing which hurts engagement to avoid that don't minimize shot duration just for the sake of minimizing shot duration it's okay to leave the same clip on screen for for 10 seconds if it's interesting for 10 seconds and often times adding some engagement spice to your video doesn't even require cutting to another clip instead use some of these tricks to make things way more immersive first give some movement to any boring still Clips you have make either the scale or position slowly change or even better make things Fancy by changing their perspective you can also do more abrupt scale changes to draw attention to certain things for example when I say something important and an a-roll segment I'll zoom in close to my face to subtly communicate to the viewer that they should listen up you might also make wiggle key frames that's when you see images or text or maybe the whole video shaking around you never see me doing this because I don't like the way it looks but if you want to do it then go ahead next throw on a bunch of visuals on top of your footage many people make the mistake of adding captions just to jack up the visual variety but don't forget that drawback that we talked about using captions to fill in Dead Space can quickly become obnoxious and ruin a great opportunity to use a more engaging visual so I only use captions when I want the viewer to understand and pay closer attention to certain words but if there's really nothing else to put on screen captions are often still better than nothing also keep them the three words or less at a time because it makes them easier to read now let's say you're showing an image to the viewer if you plainly show the whole thing like this it's boring and more importantly it's confusing to make things crystal clear and create some visual variety guide the viewer's attention to the focus point of the image here are six ways that I do that which go beyond just scaling and positioning take notes cuz this is what gives you professional looking timelines like these animate the most important piece of text or area of the image being highlighted darken or blur the area that surrounds the focus point of the image shift the Hue of the image to make it red and it gives the image a negative connotation you can also shift it to yellow or green to make it seem positive circles arrows and underlines also work oh and one extra make the subject glow another immersion hack is to just make the video look good this could be color grading adding a v yet or some subtle particle animations on the topic of making things look good let's bring our Focus to make things feel good this next pillar literally makes your video a digital morphine stream so we've talked about visual variety but now let's talk about visual continuity if you manage to create a seamless feed of visuals then there's no rough edges no areas for distraction to build up there's no point where the viewer loses immersion the goal for this pillar is to make every moment blend into the next seamlessly the editing should be invisible The Experience mesmerizing anytime a graphic comes on screen it can't just magically appear there that doesn't make sense it needs to somehow move into the frame check the description for my free presets now you don't have to animate things you can also let something magically appear on screen but then explain how it got there using a sound effect I like to use the shutter sound effect but a pop sound or something like that also works now this is super important look I just made a cut but I messed up the most crucial rule of doing a cut in the last frame of this first clip the viewer is looking right here in my eyes then a tiny fraction of a second later in the first frame of the second clip the viewer is now expected to look here that's a little jarring and it breaks some of the immersion that your editing should be providing imagine if every cut the viewer had to keep changing Focus from one side of the screen all the way to the other this right here is a pretty unimmersive viewing experience another way to make cut seamless is using a full screen transition there's plenty of free packs out there but if you like my subtle style of them then I got something for you in the description and don't be afraid to break visual continuity every now and then cuz remember it jolts the viewer it'll get their attention look at this timeline we've been talking about all these ways to make the video visually addicting to watch but we've been leaving out the other half of the video there is a whole another sense for your viewer to experience the video in pillar four immersive audio sound design makes the viewer experience every cut transition animation and piece of footage through a second sense it's literally double the stimulation and it can be used to influence the mood that the viewer has which is an engagement superpower that we'll talk about more once we get to your music choice but for now the first step of sound design is to gather a bunch of sounds to work with I already got that for you start with that free sound design back of copyright free sounds that I made for you in the description if you need more check out freesound.org or get epidemic sound next go through your video and basically just add sound effects wherever it makes sense when something moves you should add a whoosh sound and when something's highlighted a highlight sound now comes the engaging part these next three types of sound effects literally hijack your viewers emotions and suck them into the video first are risers they build tension and anticipation because they communicate to the audience that something really important is about to happen but only use them if something important is actually going to happen or else they will lose their reputation and won't be effective next are hits these release tension and emphasize moments making them feel important you can use these on their own or place a riser before them it depends on the situation and again don't overdo them finally drones these create a feeling of mystery and Intrigue they reserved more for darker moods creating a lot of underlying suspense these sound effects are so good because they kind of manipul ulate the viewer's emotions which is so powerful because the more emotionally invested the viewer is the more engaged they are and these sound effects are just the tip of the iceberg to achieve this below the surface is a massive potential for emotional investment your music choice for example I like to find songs that create a feeling of anticipation which makes the viewer constantly believe I'm about to say something super important then during a segment where I'm giving groundbreaking advice I use a song that gives an Innovative feeling which creates a ton of excitement over what I'm saying this is super straightforward to pull off separate your video based on subject changes and then decide the mood the viewer should have for each subject by the way you should spend a lot of time finding the right music because it is really important that it fits you can find some good copyright free songs on the YouTube audio library and there's the occasional gem artist like let me know which offers free songs but to be honest subscribing to a licensed music platform is the best choice if you're going to take YouTube seriously I'm not sponsored but I saved like 4 hours with them last time and I found way better songs I have an affiliate link for them in the description okay this is going to sound crazy but there's even more you can do with your music choice to immerse the viewer like what do you think happens if you pause the music abruptly the sudden change will jolt the viewer getting their attention also the lack of music brings attention to other parts of the video so for special moments try pausing the music to elev at that moment now what if you instead let the music slowly fade out once the viewer notices that the music is going away they'll understand that the segment they're watching is coming to a close this realization gives them anticipation of something new coming okay let's get even more advanced Beyond just making the mood of the song match the tone of the segment it's in upgrade your music by sinking the hits and dips of the song to the video for example in this segment I introduced the problem here and began teaching the solution here I line things up so that at this exact moment the music picks up doing that marks a clear topic shift from problem to solution and also makes the solution segment more exciting and if you're wondering why I have four music tracks playing at the same time it's because I downloaded the separate elements of the song that's another feature of epidemic sound which is super helpful all right I hope that helped now there's a lot more to retention so click here for a video on that and then you're interested in that call thing there's a link below

  Top Comments:
  1. @LearnByLeo [45 likes]: Get my free editing assets & step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  2. @TrömlYT_MC [1 likes]: I dont want that my followers get addicted, I just want... I just want that they love the style of my videos how they are and I get famous just being me...
  3. @ireallyloveediting [1 likes]: I love EDITING
  4. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  5. @SteelWardenMC: what editor site are you using???
  6. @larazizzle: Imagine uploading always to end up getting 83 subscribers
  7. @MaggiesHavenAU: I really liked the way you explained this; it was very clear and easy to understand. Just one gentle point from someone on the autism spectrum with ADHD: I found the editing style very noisy and overstimulating. It became a bit too much for me, and I actually had to step away for a moment.
  8. @Angpaodiwa: Damn bro, Thanks so much for your video. Wish you a happiness
  9. @VyronNo1: I'm on mobile does it work
  10. @jus1332PSP: Fun fact. I hate this editing style. I don't know why so many people like it
  11. @iggylami-ing1382: how to start a blog
  12. @GaalKerr: This channel is worth sharing I learned a lot from it.
  13. @MccullorsGelbach: This channel is exactly what I needed This deserves recognition.
  14. @GallatinGuerera: The content is exactly what I needed I learned a lot from it.
  15. @marleeroyal7617: I would like to say that this is a very very good example of addictive watching I have no interest in learning to edit videos whatsoever but just the editing kept me watching for some reason
  16. @DraculasOfficial: while me just bass boosts some songs and slap on an image in capcut and upload it to YouTube for fun
  17. @vallenteleonardwilliaml.8733: aMAZING!
  18. @onedollarricher: I am working 24/7, 365 days on my Core Finance and Investment behind the scene channel. I select one topic for a week, do deep down analysis, market research, investigation, lots of ready and then script writing all my own. Then I record by myself and edit by myself. As of now as my channel is new, all the work is done by me alone and thus, I feel there is less traction or engagement of the people. Audience get mesmerized in these super cuts, editing skills, which is good, but for entertainment or understanding something is different, but when it comes to real finance, core strategies, and serious things which drives money, brings money, creates wealth, music does not help, education, knowledge, peace of mind, seriousness, and silence matters. I avoid distraction, for my viewers so they may listen quietly with focus, concentrate, analyze, understand, and implement in their life, which actually helps them make some money to their bank account. Real dollars. Please suggest what i can do better. Please if you could have a look to my videos, and suggest basis the seriousness of the topic. Thank you.
  19. @AbdulsamadIbrahim-j7t: Thank you for the advise❤
  20. @TheMCLeopard: thank you for using a video of a leopard for demonstration purposes

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story — in Less Than 60 Seconds | Jenny Hoyos | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-through? Probably not. But somehow, answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star. It's about making your conversations better, whether you’re with friends, family or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question, because it will make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you want to get your audience's attention immediately, so you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. (Video) Can I have a burger? Can you put cheese, lettuce and tomatoes? This thing's not hot enough. (Laughter) (Stage) That thing really wasn't hot enough. But as you can see, I took this question very seriously. And after you've hooked your audience, you want to take them on a journey, building up to your answer, where you want them to feel constant progression, so we're moving closer and closer to our answer so we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I’ll be adding tomatoes, lettuce and cheese to the burger, so now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer. So here's how I did that. (Video) Yes, please. And cheese. Mother: There's smoke in here. Jenny Hoyos: This thing is still raw. Good thing there's a line. Oh my goodness. Mother: What are you doing? You're going to burn that car. JH: I'll cut the tomatoes while this cooks. Mother: I hope I don't have to eat that. JH: Tell them to slow down. Mother: You're doing all this for one subscriber? You're going to make a mess. JH: Put the ketchup on the buns. (Stage) As you saw, without conflict, the audience just isn’t as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you’re now not only invested in the competition but also curious to see what's going to happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom’s car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. Here's how I did just that. (Video) We’re one person away. We just need the burger to cook faster. Mother: We're moving, we're moving. JH: No, my burger is not done yet. You're driving too crazy. It needs to cook faster. Mother: We're next. (Music) JH: We're pulling up to the window. And, oh my goodness! We cooked faster and better. (Applause) And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-through. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw? Absolutely not. Because the viewers wanted an answer, so I gave it to them quickly and concisely, in an engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four, so you now have an extra minute to practice your 60-second story. Because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [1500 likes]: thanks for having me!! promised i’d make my ted talk short and sweet 😁
  2. @ericdavidwallace [30 likes]: I just got schooled by a 20 year old and I went to film school.
  3. @Richard_Vidzz [2 likes]: The idea that a great story should be told in less than 60 seconds is such a powerful insight for modern communication loved the practical breakdown
  4. @mimixlalaa: the confidence jenny has omg
  5. @hejar_art: I love her energy 🎉
  6. @NichirenCarbajal: NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO IT'S THE MIRACLE MANTRA NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO
  7. @neetiiiiiiiiii: I liked your hook strategy. Will definitely try .
  8. @UGCTuto: She forgot one Thing : her talent
  9. @AngelaAllan-v8q: best side hustles in 2026
  10. @novaframestudio-d6b: Sh is so pure ,I like it
  11. @MORENAMOJALEFA-i9h: Don't write on your forehead
  12. @intensity5020: You are from titkok
  13. @JapaGist: Lol
  14. @karanb_ytt: It's impressive how much value can be packed into such a short timeframe, The progression and conflict strategy is a game-changer for storytelling💡✨
  15. @GOATED_D3VIL: btw what exactly is this conflict, i need a better explication pls
  16. @JacksonDuke-JK: ngl , i feel used/misused after watching this by content creators
  17. @Bibliothèque-C: ❤😊
  18. @ajsingh1296: Wow this may be the worst ted talk I’ve seen
  19. @ferickinhojoga: genius!
  20. @YōkuroX12: ...   THAT. WAS. AWE.SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only cuz of the fact that JENNY FREAKING HOYOS WAS ON THERE but also cuz its a great lesson!

- What Happens If You Go Viral?: Kind: captions Language: en back to the only podcast you don't know how to describe to your friends my name is Travis and I'm here with a very special guest John is back John has returned how you doing John hello hello how's it going man I'm good it's going all right Jenna is away today but she will be back and I thought John would be a great person to join me and uh kind of answer the questions that uh y'all have been sending in so welcome back you were on the beginning of the what was end of last year beginning of this year uh podcast episode that was cool yeah yeah yeah I enjoyed it it was a good time lots of fun of course people have been asking for you so this will be good to have you back on and answer those now of course when I start reading these emails and stuff some of them gonna say Jen you have to be Jen today you're gonna have to pretend to be Jen okay know I can do it it's a tough job but someone's got to do it I can try and it ain't me all right let's see what we can do here so for those of you that new to the podcast welcome we uh we greatly appreciate you listening or watching if you're watching on YouTube that's amazing if you're listening to the audio podcast that's also amazing links in the show notes for the YouTube channel and vice versa if you're watching on YouTube and you want to just listen links for that in the description and what we typically do is we take messages from you answer them here on the podcast help you grow your YouTube channel so we're going to do that first off we're going to go to the people the wonderful people who listen to the podcast uh and send us text messages if you're listening to the audio podcast there is a link in the show notes that allow you to send a text message and the first one com comes all the way from the UK hey Travis and Jen my name is keion I actually like that name it's really cool it's ke ke y z i o n I think I hope I said it right Kean and I listen to you guys during my work mornings whenever you upload and it really helps keep me motivated to keep trying with my channel recent win here I post gaming guides and talking head videos about gaming recently I was playing a game and I encountered a bug in the game and I res I resolved a workaround and posted a short um just to help people who might had the same issue this was uh maybe it'll help one or two people kind of upload it now has 64,000 views and 431 comments All thanking me for finding a workaround just goes to show you never know what will be good as I didn't think much of this information when I uploaded it keep up the good work your podcast my part over music when I get the chance to listen to anything that's amazing thank you so much but yes it's you know the funniest thing uh John and you notice to be true some of the most uh mundane subjects on YouTube are some of the big is how to tie a tie that's a big one right you know how to how to I don't know boil water is probably pretty big I'm sure these things we don't think are a big deal what are you what are some of your more mundane videos you've seen that are big uh mundane or or things you wouldn't think would be a huge deal and all of a sudden they are but of course they are because other people are in your situation you know I I uh I come across this a lot doing like Construction in a new house and stuff just like if you're a new house owner you know that there's a lot of things you got to fix um if you if you're the type of person that teaches yourself how to do these things um like patching a hole and drywall and stuff like that um I I noticed that when I go to YouTube if I if I end up on a channel where they try to do an intro and talk about themselves before getting to the problem I'm like okay if somebody jumped in on this market right now they would dominate this Niche because nobody wants to deal with that kind of anymore so I guess I I do come across it a lot but people people solving these like minuscule problems just these everyday as quick as I possibly can here is the answer um a lot of people think that that that won't do so well because it's not a longer video and you need to have like a long video to like make money and stuff on YouTube but it's you're really building trust with an audience every time you do something really small like that that um yeah if you're if you're the person even my sorry I'm jumping to a different topic here but my wife and I were playing Donkey Kong uh Country Returns last night oh hey and I I wanted to know where a certain puzzle piece was and I I went through two videos one was eight minutes long ridiculous right but they were it was all about their personality and but it was like an instruction guide video and then there was one that was a minute 15 and it was game explainer and the very first time I saw game explainer I won't click on any other channel now because it was just here it is this here's the point and they got my sub and it's just like dude if you're the first person that does it quickly efficiently H and you can build that trust you're you'll build a huge Community off of it yeah it's a good point um this also gets kind of falls into the the the ecosphere of what I call utility channels which is to get an answer and what you just described is Peak utility uh Channel you need to get to the answer first like right away like people are not there for your personality you can hook them in with your personality at some point but um you know and utility channels tend to be search-based channels so people that are searching specifically for something how to unclog a toilet how to make a chocolate cake whatever the case may be how to how to fix this bug in this game whatever they're looking for the answer not really looking to subscribe to anybody but if you do it in a creative way or in a way that's really um really good or maybe very detailed uh you might get a subscribe off of that and I think it's important to understand when you're making content that is discovered able because it's a utility video versus something that you're trying to be more entertaining like a play along is one thing but when you're trying to answer a specific question give them the answer to the question and then at the end you can go hey if you like this I have other videos just like this and even some where I go into more detail about certain things make sure you hit subscribe because again at the end of the day you want people to watch more of your content even more so than subscribe you want them to watch more of your content which is super important what are some of the things you do typically John when you're trying trying to get people to watch more videos on your channel what do you have a strategy behind that at all um yeah so uh I mean we can go for the for the normal stuff first of all I I tried to um incorporate an Inc screen like CTA as organically as possible um by kind of letting somebody know like you almost build a problem at the end that can be solved in this next video and if if they happen to relate to that problem then they'll click on that next video and then you build like sort of a watch session so um that is I know that that's like the most efficient way to get people to watch more of your content and then once you do that your or once they do that your content will start popping up for them um in the in the YouTube feed I'm trying to think when I when I want people to watch more I I've been doing shorts a lot lately so I'm just trying to make the most engaging uh content possible and the algorithm just kind of serves it up to you at that point so like I don't do much call to actions because I think that they're kind of worthless in in shorts so I haven't been doing a whole lot but uh yeah I always make sure that the call to actions are at the end of longer videos I always push people to a next video I very rarely say subscribe I'm I'm on that I'm on the other side of the fence some people say you have to remind them because they'll forget whereas I'm just like I don't care my my video will still get served to the people that watch my my videos and um the subscriber number isn't as important anymore in my opinion yeah especially if you're talking about views um you can get a lot of views with very few subscribers I've seen we've seen multiple examples of this all across YouTube it's really about the content and there's also lots of opport lots of times when you see large subscriber Channels with not very many views so it goes both ways this next message is also I think all three of these are from like the UK hello all of the vid crew it's just a quick query does Travis and it says Jen but I'm going to put in John since you're here do Travis and John have YouTube channels of their own if so what kind of channels are they and what kind of videos do they create on there longtime listener firsttime writer thanks Keith uh yeah I mean I've done content creation since 2018 I don't really um do anything on my personal Channel anymore I'm I'm kind of all in on you vid IQ so really nothing of interest there but uh John does a lot of different things John is multifaceted he is the guy yeah uh for my personal Channel um it's just called hey John Scott like all one word um and so I I was searching for a very long time to figure out what I really wanted to do on there about two years ago I'd say yeah about two years ago I did a couple shorts on Instagram that did really well and it was just storytelling and I mixed me telling the story with a little bit of animation and so um I recently went back to that and I have this this whole strategy that I went through um I discovered by accident which I'll probably talk about in a future video but I gained I'm looking right now 68,000 subscribers in the past two weeks because these because of these uh five shorts that got that I mean each short did over like five million views wow that's crazy so so like I I just recently finally settled into JN is a Storyteller on his channel but before that it was just this random mix of just a bunch of different stuff like Travis said uh multifaceted I was just I was searching you know I've I've been searching for a long time and uh now it's like uh YouTube has just finally said hey go do that one thing you were doing because that people like that and so that's what I'm doing now you know that brings up an interesting thing that I I shared with um other people in our slack here at vid IQ that I tripped across the other day which is this video that got served to be my homepage uh of this very small Creator um he's so small like his Channel's kind of broken like if you use the link it it it's weird like it breaks if you copy the link to the page where his videos are it goes to like a 404 I don't know if you saw this but anyway the guy's name's Ian on YouTube and um it says he has 78,000 subscribers now but that is BAS best on from what I can tell most of those came within the last like couple of weeks because he's been on YouTube for like years right and he he works at a 7-Eleven full-time and some people are listening probably like oh yeah I saw this guy and for like 15 years was just uploading stuff and nothing ever came of his channel really and then all of a sudden just a couple of weeks ago uh he posted a video that was like super relatable and it blew up and he went from you know I think just hundreds of views per video to like now like hundreds of thousands of views per video cuz one video got like over a million views and I think it it's um so I guess actually technically went viral before this bigger one which was um I'm 30 years old making $20 working at retail 7-Eleven that got 270,000 uh views and then within um a couple days later he made one that says why am I 30-year-old 30y old working at a dead- end retail job that one got 1.2 million uh views and you can see the impact on his channel how every video after that is like 100,000 views he only Dr you know dropped a couple you know other ones that are 100,000 views but it's not like he didn't post similar videos to this before this uh although he was kind of all over the place for a long time if you if you look at like the rest of a channel you might go well a lot of those videos have views well so the way YouTube works is um they don't necessarily uh it doesn't mean that he always had those views what probably happened and I can use the tool to to do this is um typically what happens is once you have like a big video take off your back catalog gets um and this is exactly what happen I'm looking using our tool um th your back cattle gets served to the people who just recently saw your new video so for example there's this video that says while you'll never make it as a YouTube Creator this is like one of his videos from three months ago you look at it and you go it's got 2,000 views that's not bad well for the first 8 89 days it only had 700 views it's only within the last couple of days because his other videos took off that it got another 1,500 views in the last couple of days um and again this guy's been doing this for 15 years he's been doing YouTube for 15 years and I just want to be clear while it says he has 70,000 um subscribers I don't think if I I I'm trying to again his Channel's kind of broken so like our view stats isn't working I don't know what social blade says see if I can find it I think almost all of those have come in the last like 20 something days and I think the reason for it is that he's like so relatable at least that's what people are saying have you seen this guy John I'm looking at him right now um yeah it's it's broken on my end too it's very very OD his Channel's very weird maybe he changed the name or something I'm not sure but it's yeah it's kind of broken it's uh his links link back to the oh man I just want to talk to him and say dude you here change your description and and your top link because the Subscribe button is right next to it you don't need what are you doing and uh I would just love to change his cover I I I just want to help him like I want to change it for him and I think we might we might see if we can get him on the podcast because his story would be very interesting he has 1,200 videos again the guy if you go to his his channel his oldest one is from sorry I said 15 it's 12 years ago and they were Minecraft videos for for a very long time I would love to get this guy we're GNA see if we can reach out to him and have him um talk to us because he's going through like a viral moment like he's put uploading videos now they're getting 100,000 views like can you imagine that's crazy I'm talking about where working at 7-Eleven but the reason I think that it did so well is because it's so interesting and relatable to people uh and I you know I think it's great I think it's fantastic I'm super happy for uh for him and stuff so we'll see if we can get him on the podcast yeah there's there's something to be said about uh Niche importance here uh because even my channel the the biggest uh video I ever had was about that 70 show it was an iceberg video and so like I kept posting stuff about creators and like uh I I just a bunch of different things you know like Creator self self-help and you know um trying not to overthink and and random stuff and they didn't do so well and then like something pops off and YouTube kind of finds your audience again and or it finds a new audience that you're serving up content to so I think sometimes I think the niche is so much more of a focus that doesn't need to be um because I'm I'm seeing a lot more videos or a lot more channels that have different niches that once something pops off then they know and they can they can just keep pushing stuff like that and they don't delete their old stuff and I didn't either but um I'm just saying there's a lot of things that people try to focus on making things perfect when it doesn't really need to be um yeah so I'm looking on his channel and he just posted a video five days ago about reaching 50,000 subscribers so he's gotten 20,000 in the last 5 days and that and my guess is he probably got the 50 probably again I I don't know what he had before all this took off I can't he's not coming up in Social blade and stuff because I think his channel seems to be somewhat broken or whatever but obviously viral success so congratulations to him we'll see if we can get him on the podcast love to talk to him seems like a cool dude I got I got a little piece of value to offer it's kind of a secret that I figured out um this is something that I'm making a vid IQ video about but I'm just it's I don't know it's I just got to say it now because I'm too excited for first of all this it's cool that that guy posted that because four days ago I posted 30,000 sub subscribers in 10 days this is crazy and now it's at 70,000 roughly 70,000 it seems like it just it did the exact same thing for him that it did for me yeah exponential okay so what I wanted to say is when I finally had something pop off um on YouTube I knew I had these other shorts that did really well on Instagram and I had uploaded them to YouTube back then too and they only did like 2,000 3,000 views something like that and so when this one short it was a new story time short when it was popping off and it was at about a million views I was thinking well why how is this any different from those so what I did was I deleted them off YouTube and I went back to my um Premiere project files and I re-exported them with new metadata and I added subtitles over them so it did change I did change them a little bit and then I re-uploaded them to YouTube and they all went over a million views it's like once YouTube knew that this this was like my audience then everything that I posted after that it's it's assuming it's similar content and it shows it to them so uh I do have some of my views in the backlog going a little bit higher uh but nothing like hey here's another million view here's two million views nothing like that so if you do have very similar content and you it's proven that you know that this will do well then you can you can do that again but I would just make sure to reexport it with metadata and delete it from your Channel first don't don't do double uploads yeah how how you can prove it to yourself is the question now how do you know it's proven well Instagram has a trial feature that you can upload your uh shorts or whatever if if you're I'm talking shorts if you want to upload it to Instagram click on the trial and then see if the audience responds to it and if they do then you can go ahead and make it public for your followers or whatever but if they if they respond to it then you know it's good and then then you can uh delete it off your YouTube channel reexport it with metadata and and put it up that's that's the exact sequence of events that I did yeah I think it's important to understand that like a lot of people want to go viral but they don't necessarily know what happens when you do and just for for every every person that takes the viral moment and is successful with it and blows up there are a ton of people they went viral one time and then never again because they didn't understand what what happened and what to do next and it's super important to understand if your moment comes doubling down is the first thing you need to do understanding what that even means is perhaps more important and that's what we talk about here on the podcast like what does that mean it's like when and the answer is very simple when someone watches that video what's the next video they would like to see from you about what subject about what topic what type of thumbnail they're going to click on and those are the things that are going to help you make another successful video so if you go viral you're like oh my God is funny because I've had you know when I was doing coaching I had people go oh my God things are going vir what do I do what do I do and we have a strategy we actually have a strategy we would I would go through everything and go okay we'll do this next we'll do this next we have to look longterm my first thing like I've said before many times is what do we do when things start to slow down because they will like how do we continue to make it interesting so we need to start wedging and pivoting people towards whatever your other content is as soon as we can when you have so many eyes but keep the momentum going at the same time so what happens when you go viral this uh and this young man is doing a good job because the thing he went viral for is the thing he's already kind of doing now having said that if you look at his content he's all over the place generally only a couple months ago he was doing this thing called stealth camping I don't know what that is but in the moment he was already doing this 7-Eleven content so he can just keep doing the content he's doing and do and do very well and it's it's an unusual topic that not a lot of people are doing but is interesting so cool stuff it's very unique I've never seen anything like it I haven't either all right so uh final message from our audio podcast listeners win of the week uh Jen asked for what were your wins of the week were win of the week hi Jen and Travis another great episode thank you my win of the week is today is uh is that today my channel never too old to lift reached 2,000 subscribers and just another 2500 uh watch hours time to go congratulations 2,000 Subs is not an easy thing the vast majority of channels on YouTube never make it past 500 be subscribe you'd be very surprised uh the low percentage of people that make it to 2,000 subscribers very low it's so diff and it's oh man it feels bad cuz especially when you have experience and you know that your content's good but YouTube just has hasn't found the the viewer type yet it is so frustrating and you just keep putting out stuff and it's like wow I like when is something gonna happen I felt that way for so long I mean you know Travis my channel sat at what like 3,000 for the longest time a long time I mean for like two years just because every now and then I put something up and I'm like why why is this not doing good right yeah doing well sorry and then now here you are after having worked at vid IQ for a while now things are are blowing up which is great fantastic so so seriously congratulations because that that 2000 is it is a huge feat and it's just you know consistency staying at it I mean holy crap it is it is so rewarding yes uh we're now going to go to emails uh you can send us an email at the Boost viid iq.com the Boost viid iq.com this first one comes from Axel he says hi Jen and Travis this as a reply to your most recent video on the fabled algorithm in case I typed your email incorrectly um I have a question first I know the thing about seasoned channels is a myth but if it isn't my if if it isn't my channel is like eight months old using the vid IQ tool I made a video that had a score in the low 90s although not a ripoff in my Niche long-term updates are common are a common video topic that people seem to watch my videos when by people in the hobby are generally well received aside from my rather mid-tier thumbnails and recording equipment with that said I struggle to get more than a dozen or so Impressions after an extended period of time if the video IQ tool and monetization channels in my Niche say this my stuff is fine how can I tell if a change will please an audience or the algorithm with such low Impressions and view count I have difficulty understanding what I need to change and attract new viewers uh also I legitimately do not understand all the hate candy corn gets when when circus peanuts and Good and Plenty exists if hell is real then the only food available is good and penes and lot Fisk lastly with a response um on the peanut butter stuff I was actually moderately allergic to peanuts as a child but absolutely loveed Reese's and specifically white chocolate Reese's that peanut butter is so heavily processed that not only could I eat it I eventually ate enough of it but now my adult body tolerates peanuts with no issues yeah see by the way I know John this might seem off topic but we talk about stuff like this all the time so we were talking about peanut butter last episode episode so if you're kind of confused what's going on there at the end that's that's for that um but yeah so what basically this question is he says that the tool says you know things are good and um some of the comments he gets say are good why is he not getting and how does he know what changes might help him uh over period of time now the thing is the tool can't tell if your video is good what the Tool's telling you is that the the you know the SEO portions that you're putting in and maybe even your title are good but it doesn't know if the video's good and that's ultimately what dictates um how well your video does because even a bad thumbnail can't tank a great video it can it can definitely make it difficult especially at first but we've seen great videos with terrible thumbnails every day of the week every day of the week uh so that's not the thing the thing is like you have to it would be nice to know if you have um cre creers in your in your particular Niche that are doing well that you could reach out to and say Hey you know I'm a big fan of you or maybe you are a fan of them and say I'm a small content creator in your space um you know I would I I would love to um you know have some tips if you have any tips for me you got to be kind of careful with this because you also don't want to come across as someone who's just like oh I'm here to help I mean you do you do want to say listen I I love your content and I'm really just trying to uh be a content creator like yourself do you have any tips that you can give me in this particular Niche because I'm trying to grow uh I really appreciate your time now you might not get a lot of answers but you might get some you'd be surprised at if someone if someone genuinely comes to you for advice as a larger content creator as I was in my space for a while how open uh they can be to helping others I did when I first started out I was uh collabing with Channels with like millions of subscribers in my first year of being on YouTube so I think it's just a matter of like your approach and how to do it um I don't know your Niche or anything but I would say if you're not getting as many Impressions and you think everything else is good there's probably actually something missing uh and it's usually not something it's usually something obvious to other people more so than yourself what do you what do you typically think about this sort of thing John uh did did they happen to mention the niche no okay um so if YouTube's not giving your content enough Impressions uh yeah you're right it's tough to know what moves make a difference and and what will'll just keep it the same so yeah I uh I kind of recommend for people to roll over to the vid IQ um Discord because people in there like it's already you're already on the topic of YouTube so if you genuinely just ask somebody hey um like I I give this advice for thumbnails if you show a thumbnail and say like what do you think this video is about and if they give the wrong answer then you know um that the thumbnail is not good like idea wise so um I I do the same with videos where I show somebody the video and all you got to do is ask where they got lost or like when did it get boring you know can can you tell me what I could do to improve this and the people that are already in that Discord they they want to help each other that everybody is there to learn it's not like you're just asking your friend you're asking people that like their their brains are working the same way as yours so that's that's the best way to do it I agree um and uh viq has2 discords one that's for the public which is free and then one which is uh I think really hyperfocused on creators who are really serious that link is in the show notes and the description below you do need to have um a boost membership with vid IQ or higher but that's been on sale a million times over the last month and a half so hopefully you have at least boost it's uh it's like the cost of coffee for like a day just to get a whole month it's crazy so you should be doing that if you really want to be serious it's certainly something you should invest in next email at the Boost vid iq.com this one from Simon hi Jen and Travis or John we'll say John hi John and Travis you featured my question on your amazingly brilliant podcast on July 29th of 2024 wow that was almost a year ago John I don't remember anything that happened last week let alone almost a year ago see below for a copy of the original email I sent you you both laughed at our email okay we'll check that out um anyway we crossed 4,000 watch hours uh at in early 2024 of December and now gradually gaining a few pennies and pounds before we reach the British cash out of 60 pounds just wanted to thank you both for reading and answering our questions with your opinions just reading this out on the Boost see what I did there is that what we needed to keep going that's so cool we basically live streamed 5 days a week for about 12 weeks oh by the way this is a guinea pig live streaming channel oh okay so let me let me I should have probably started with that uh we basically live stream five days a week for about 12 weeks between two to six hours at a time a couple of points that we we observe that I feel are worth sharing with others you actually do build a community by live streaming many of the same names will appear each time you go live and you can consider the live stream as a chat room people did not want to see our Guinea bigs running around we set up an enclosure inside the house but they were also oh not wait um people did did want to see our guinea pigs running around so we set up an enclosure inside the house but they also were happy to chat with each other we defined some clear rules no politics no religion no adult themes and no under 16s this kept things clear and simple our most popular live stream gathered 80 watch hours and we did an 11-hour stream but people tail uh tailed off as we went to bed we also noticed that I didn't need to sit there the entire time I could start things and just drop back init points and do other jobs around the house if I fed out if I read all the comments that is also really appreciated it's about interaction and making people feel valued we also uh additionally have people that will rewatch live streams that they miss all the watch hours help whenever they get viewed and the daily updates they were W they were excited to see how the total we were excited to see how the totally total hours moved as also we generally go live in the afternoon so America's morning that's a top tip uh attached to our couple photos of the storm we really like the shout out you guys give her last time live streams do pull in new subscribers are very worth running maybe sharing our experiences are worth both of you mentioning on the podcast also add to your knowledge Travis uh add to your knowledge Travis on seeing live streams with chicken laying eggs and landing at airports yeah that's a big I've said that before that's a big thing they're very nearly uh your 8,000 subscribers congratulations to you guys yeah I mentioned that live streams um can be really good I'm actually looking into doing it more myself but we do it here on vid IQ all the time uh there's definitely the it's funny because this morning and John can can back me up on this when we talked about Community the first thing I said was the big channels Community is live streaming um so 100% agree with this uh you can absolutely gain subscribers there are channels that are just live streaming and for you John while you still do produce content on the main Channel Channel you also have your own live stream where you talk about thumbnails and stuff and that is something that didn't exist before you started doing it so you've had to cultivate kind of a sub uh Community within our community uh and how has that been and what what have been some of the things you've learned along the way of live streaming on the vid IQ channel uh it was I I wasn't exactly sure what to expect at first but I would say about two months in I really started to realize that the there was a separate Community Building just for that specific live stream um and there are like inside jokes for that specific live stream and just like the the jokes between me and the mods back and forth uh me and and Claudia which is our AI mod it's just like a lot of these these things I don't know it's it's really special it's one of the things I enjoy the most and it is because the the community um the uh the music that I play like recently um I had a live stream where I played a song from my old band it's just like this rock song and it started out and people were freaking you're going to get copyright strikes you're gonna get copyright strikes and I'm like not unless I I'm the one that does it and uh it was just like I tried to started out with a a fun intro every time and uh it's just I don't know it's a great experience I I recently listened to a podcast that said this exact thing it was the Nathan Barry show and it was that true community is built not around you but around the community members interacting with each other and them saying that people are in their live streams talking to each other it's it that's that's true community that that's something special yeah I agree um and it's something that I used to do a long time ago I have Saturday morning live streams uh before I would launch a video and that was always cool had a lot of people come through met a lot of really cool people um really lots of fun and easy because you don't have to edit which is fantastic you don't necessarily need to do any real b-roll you don't need to edit you don't need to export you just do it and you're done it's the best thing they also attached some pictures of their guinea pig so cute I had one guinea pig a long time ago I used to have hamsters too but I had one guinea pig ever and this guinea pig is adorable absolutely adorable so cute I have to show Jen she's uh she's away but I I'll send her a picture of that when I was a kid I had a dwarf hamster and I named it George and um George was cool and all but my cousin was jealous of George so my cousin had to get his own George I can't remember its name anyway um my cousin brings brings not George over to meet George and they hang out and they they do what hamsters do uh oh and then um later like a couple weeks later I told my dad dad I think George is gonna have babies he's doing all these crazy things like he's building like this giant packed nest and he's like John George is a boy and sure enough like the next day there were little baby hamsters in that cage oh my God Georgina Georgina was the actual oh that's funny uh all right next uh next email uh from the boo video.com is from Joe Joe says hi again Jen Travis at your request here's my win of the week this week is the first time a video has broken a thousand views that's fantastic it's so hard to do I will be a mere mortal again next week but for now I'm enjoying watching it SAR to over 35,000 Impressions 2.4% click-through rate 28 hours watch time and 14% retention I've made 36 golf Vlog videos and six shorts in about seven months uh with 32 subscribers another small win is my Amazon affiliate sales earned me $14.6 in January for doing pretty much nothing except for setting it up it's like free money that makes me kiddy I usually listen and gey show driving a car thank you for all your helpful discussions Joe that's fantastic and I love that he points out affiliate sales now I I have made a lot of money in affiliate sales over the course of my YouTube career and I will say it's you cannot be you cannot sleep on it it's and like he says it's free money it really is he said he made 14 bucks for doing nothing but setting it up and that is such a big win it's ridiculous someone said listen I just want you to go to this page set your your profile up which most of you have done for social social media programs and you ain't get paid nothing for it my dude walking away $14 before taxes for just setting it up I love that and by the way it's not $14 ever that's just the beginning that's just the first check they're gonna have to cut him yeah this is uh momentum getting kick started this is huge I really I need to jump on this too man I'm sleeping I'm sleeping on what are you doing John you got to set up come on now I'm tired I know that bro I feel that I feel that so hard uh okay next uh next email ads video length pacing and of course candy is the the subject of this email from Mark newly monetized and curious about ads is there any consensus on video length with respect to ads and pacing of the video to have breaks at specific places does everyone just let YouTube stick it where uh the algorithm thinks it's best Jam in as many as possible give up and just eat candy corn CAD fairy build build eggs a little search again the inside jokes a little searching shows a 30 minute uh TV show typically have 22 minutes of actual show with eight minutes of ads this is true by the way with the ads stuck in an eight and 22 minutes is it better to leverage the Decades of experience leading to that schedule or since YouTube is growing at the expense of TV throw it out the window or am I overthinking wanted to put my favorite candy here but all I could think of is that weird candy I've seen like candy cigarettes oh my God yeah I remember those they were terrible uh complete with lit end and colored with red eye dye uh those weird little wax bottles of sugar juice and with a uh sucker with a scorpion in it what's the weirdest candy you've encountered uh does that sound familiar John it does it does does the sucker with a scorpion in it sound Vaguely Familiar John I think I made a a thumbnail for someone I believe you might have done that and or edited an entire video where that was the climax um uh that's a little inside joke between me and John yes we that would definitely be the weirdest one as I have actually partaken in that and John uh helped me in that way I won't go into too much detail but um definitely something that will never be forgotten uh other than that what's the weirdest candy you've had John anything uh you come across the weirdest candy have you had any beer candy uh probably but it's definitely not top of mine yeah but this is a candy podcast it's uh under the guise of growing YouTube channel so you got to get used to that uh yeah I I can't remember candy I don't like or yeah no I don't think I have yeah I guess I need more candy Adventures go to Dollar Tree and trust me when I tell you probably won't like candy after that all right anyway his original comment was about ads and like placing them so right there's a lot of different thoughts about this um depending on where you are in your YouTube Journey I'll be perfectly honest even as deep as I was in my journey over 100,000 subscribers I did not Place ads I let YouTube do it and there's a reason for it and maybe I'm putting too much faith in YouTube but I figure this is the part they're really going to concentrate on so I suspect they're going to be good about it the understanding that I have has always been that they strategically put ads where they would perform best and the frequency depending on the viewer right so it knows more about the viewer than you do although there are larger there are channels who will specifically put them in at different uh segments just like this uh Creator said because TV had these these breaks and everything but most people walk away from the TV when that happens right um this is more of a forced thing I feel like if you are newer just let YouTube do its thing uh when you're starting to make money and you're doing longer videos and you want to get those ads in it's fair to go ahead and place them but place them strategically where it makes sense maybe right before a hook or right before a climax of a video or something like that where it makes sense you'll see that people do that with sponsored videos all the time um but you don't want to inundate people with them so that they're they get annoyed and stop watching your video right because that's actually a bad thing that's again also why I usually leave YouTube to do it because they know more about the viewing history of viewers and how that video is performing to put them in the right places even if I think I know the video better but again it can go any either way um I know again John you're more focusing on short form stuff but uh when you're doing long form stuff did you ever really consider this was this something that was on your on your uh radar yeah so when I place ads I uh I either do every two minutes or or well every minute and a half to every two minutes or 1 second after every chapter if it has a lot of chapters the reason I do this is because YouTube doesn't serve an ad for every single one of those it just Picks Them randomly based on the viewer and then it shows an ad so if the viewer won't watch uh a full video If an ad pops up two minutes in then it won't it probably won't show that first one so yeah after one second after each chapter or every two minutes like whichever one kind of comes next but I definitely don't do it under a minute and a half um and so I'll end up with like maybe 16 AD breaks or something like that and uh the viewer will get shown one maybe two and um the more you put in there the better an opportunity per viewer you have so if there are a bunch of different types of viewers YouTube might Place those ad breaks for one or two types but I feel the more you put in um the better chances you get and so I can't remember where got the data on this but I saw people saying that once they started doing this um they ended up getting double the amount of uh Revenue so yeah I think also one thing that's where I'm at I think one well because that's the whole point of putting in more ads right I think one thing you can get away with I think this is probably universally true is the longer someone stays on a video nine times out of 10 the more invested they are so if you have a video that's like 40 minutes you're going to be able to get away with putting more ads towards the end than you will the begin beginning because a lot of people who get see the beginning won't necessarily stay around to the end but people that are watching for a long period of time are probably invested all the way and are probably going to watch the rest of the way so you can likely get away with more at the end but you won't get as many people to watch them because there's not as many people connected so it's a balancing act that I think if you're early on your your YouTube Journey it's not something you need to be concerned with later down the line when you're like okay this could make me you know an extra $5,000 a month if I do this strategically okay different story I think it I think for right now getting your titles your topic your thumbnails Your Hooks all that stuff is much more important um to use your time for True um so with that being said uh that was uh that was great uh we uh we we can actually finish up here right about now so before I do that though John um when you're doing the live streams on what is it Wednesdays on the main Channel you mainly go over how to um improve thumbnails what are some of the if if you just want to give some homework for the people here listening to the podcast what are three things you can think of uh there are mistakes a lot of people are making with their thumbnails that you have seen time and time again you're like listen just do this thing differently than what you normally see okay um the thing the three things I tell people to focus on is uh conveying the idea catch the eye and create curiosity it's real easy because it's the three C's um now the mistakes that I see uh most often get in the way of conveying the idea and the the re or the way that they get in the way is because they over clutter their thumbnails they put in too many elements they try to add so many things into it that it's hard to understand at first glance we do this thing called the two-c test where I show the viewers a thumbnail for two seconds it's like I I pick a random thumbnail from from the viewers and I show it and then I have them guess uh it's got like a little timer like it counts down two seconds and then I have them guess what is this video about and if like the the viewers thumbnail they get to see what all these people think at first when they see this thumbnail and if that idea isn't conveyed then they just learned that they're not doing it uh well enough and oftentimes it's the amount of clutter that's going on um another another another mistake is putting your logo in your thumbnails I everybody knows in my in my live streams that if there's a logo in the thumbnail they know to get because a rant is about to happen CU it's like dude why why are you doing that like it doesn't make nobody cares about your logo regard unless it's like cocacola or Pepsi like just nobody cares right like you're taking up valuable real estate in your thumbnails that that could just be negative space it honestly that catches eyes more than a logo that I don't recognize also your logo is right under it in your profile picture let alone it's probably the name of your channel so um yeah no logos simplify as much as you can I try to keep a thumbnail between like one or two things in it that are that really catch your eye and then um I guess creating curiosity really what can you show in the thumbnail that makes somebody ask them or say to themselves like oh I have to click to find to figure that out you just you really want to bring up a question and a lot of people they they don't play on the psychology enough so uh maybe that's that's not like a direct mistake that I can point out but what I can say is when you open up YouTube today look at the notice what thumbnail catches your eye first and then ask yourself why right just like really dissect it and figure out why this thumbnail caught my eye um I call it what made me click basically and so I'll just highlight that thumbnail and I'll put it in a folder and then I'll I'll keep that stuff in mind you know maybe often times it's negative space that really catches my eye because in a sea of cluttered thumbnails with one really simple thumbnail it's going to catch my eye more than the others so just really trying to break down what gets you to click what catches your eye that works on other people boom love it knowledge bomb uh and finally we're going to read just a couple of comments from today's video so we're recording this on the same day we released the last podcast um uh so we'll read three of them real quick uh snow family racing says I'm besides myself to my comment from last week made it on the podcast even if it was a comment about candy which is good uh this one from St Mark hi Travis and Jen love the episode again on January 30th uh 2025 I celebrated my first year on YouTube oh congrats long form content had no problem getting views but the views have uh have dropped as of late so I'm trying to work out what's wrong good luck in 2025 this is not just a you thing views across the board have dropped across multiple niches and for lots of creators and also January always is a low month but I'm talking talking for the last couple of months uh views have been down across the board so don't feel bad about it just keep plugging away and last one um from growing to live uh I totally enjoy your videos and learn a lot thank you for always pushing forward Travis the flat soda no way I had to pause but what a great way to always remember what you're learning so that's in reference to Jen saying that she liked um stale candy and I'm like and then I go oh wait I actually like flat soda so it was one of those things where we both were grossing each other out you're missing out on the greatest podcast ever that I can I'm glad I'm just a special guest man yeah just a special guest yeah yeah we're that all right anyway thanks everyone for joining us uh obviously if you're listening to the video podcast or watching on here on YouTube hit that subscribe button like button and make sure you watch the next video As for the audio podcast if you are on Apple leave us a amazing review five stars actually helps so weirdly a lot of people don't know this um in apple uh podcast which happens to be the number one podcast platform out there uh Spotify is very close number two they actually do rank based on um uh com not comments but uh ratings so like five stars are the best uh so that would be wonderful if you do that for us we would love that but you can always send us a message uh the Boost video.com and we can reach out or we can talk to you uh on the next podcast and John thank you so much for joining me today I really appreciate it and we'll definitely have you back again thank you for having me we'll see yall in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @bucksguineapigtalks [3 likes]: Yay - that's us at 26:51 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 thank you for reading out the e-mail we sent you ! Top chap Travis - thank you loads. We are not entirely a Livestream Channel, but we used it heavily to lift the 'watch hours' from 1,500 through to beyond 4,000 Watch Hours. 
Good luck to you all out there - certainly Livestreaming does help and does attract a few new Subscribers. 
Great story John 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 
6 mins of us on THE BEST YouTube advice Podcast - 👏👏👏👏👏👏 thank you Travis and John and we hope that Jenn also likes the photos of Storm ! 
Truly put a massive smile on our faces to be a small part of your Podcast - thank you all so much.
  2. @JohnByerlyArtStudios [2 likes]: Good content, listened while at work, I believe that there is a strong distinction between “clip” like helpful content, and full “episode” style content. When I think true long term growth I think the full episode story line is going to more evergreen. Remember YouTubeTV is next door, and as it grows who’s to say your long form episode content can’t run along side it in the “free-verse” and that content has to have a plot, build up, meat n potato’s then a close. The viewer should be left with wanting more, they need… that next episode. I think clip based content to me is labeled (tips & tricks) nowadays.
  3. @growingtolive2040 [2 likes]: Wow at the end you read my comment on one of the videos (about your liking flat soda?? well, okay we all have special likes), thanks you made my day! I've been so enjoying The Boost and of course I do my best to catch John with the live Thumb nails but love the replays, I learn a lot. Thank you so much, I gotta just keep moving forward.
  4. @SchmokesShop [2 likes]: I wonder if Jen went "viral" lol. This video may have been directed at me. Boooooost!!!  P.S. Check out Steve Wallis if you wanna know about stealth camping 😉
  5. @tomophobe [1 likes]: Here’s to going viral 😎🙏🏻🔥💯
  6. @weplayitall [1 likes]: its a slow mission sometimes im still trying to work at 200 subs lol but always just random videos or shorts, but ive been playing with the system try to learn what the algorithm likes
  7. @SlavgaardsManga [1 likes]: I'd like to do more livestream... but the last several times it as nothing much really and I need to find what to so with my 'niche' anyways.  livestreamed every week for 2 months straight(weekly new manga updates etc) but no one really seemed interested...
  8. @SlavgaardsManga [1 likes]: Only the lonely... I bet they all 'miss' her (grin)
  9. @FedericoSteidl: Getting IanOnYouTube in an interview would be awesome. He just recently lost his job and has gone through a lot in those last 15 years, it'd be nice to hear the content making side of his story and what his plans are in the future
  10. @27pakistan: Wow! very good
  11. @TKGBricktronics: Had a few viral shorts of my own last month that completely changed my channel.  Took about a month but I gained 5k + new subs and 5.5m more views than normal. Not sure yet if this was a good or bad thing. Because now, I'm suffering from the viral curse of trying to do more viral shorts and failing dramatically at it. 😭🤣🍻
  12. @cleanwithjeri: Thank you for addressing the ad breaks issue. I was a little worried about annoying viewers but I learned something new today and now I know to just let YT do its thing because it knows the viewers and will serve them what they prefer. 😅
  13. @GOBIGGARAGE66: So I had a video go crazy 270,000 views in 55 days 
Feel like I missed my chance to double down . The video was very basic about a tool , my audience is mostly men over 65 . Can you give some advice please . Was considering a second video based on the comments fro the first one ? Been posting my niche but slow views so far .
  14. @IlseMulAuthor: Welcome back, John! And great to see you again, Travis!

It's always a great Monday when I can listen to the new The Boost episode!
  15. @ScaleTrainStation: Chocolate cake, the Waldo that must be found in every Boost video 🥮🎂🧁
  16. @PhranqTheDanq: John!! He has always been one of my favorite Vid iCrew! Whenever I see a John video on the main channel I gotta get to it ASAP!

- True Stories from GATEWAY Tapes Listeners! (The Gateway Experience): Kind: captions Language: en After a year of doing the CIA's hemisync program, I shared my story here on YouTube. Well, the Hemisync program is not entirely CIA. It was actually created by Robert Monroe and the CIA later supervised it. The gateway tapes is a combination of binaural beats and guided meditations. After doing it, I was having genuine out of body experiences on command. I was manifesting minor desires and I could even visit my subconscious mind. I even somehow managed to read my girlfriend's thoughts three times in one week. And although I did that completely involuntarily, she confirmed it to be true every time. Of course, I know how this sounds. It sounds nuts. And naturally, after posting the first video here, some people in the comments challenged me right away. A guy told me that I need to manifest 50,000 subscribers or he wouldn't believe me that the gateway tapes worked. At the time I had 4,000 and now I have over 50. I know it's not a million, but hey, I hope he's watching now because it worked. But not all the comments were skeptical. In fact, over 3,000 people reached out to share they've had supernatural experiences as well with the same program. They left comments under my video sharing their stories. Others contacted me personally to connect. Here are some of the most intriguing stories of my viewers. >> I started this process and things got strange fast. I was seeing energy fields around people, impacting and feeling their thoughts, waking up out of my body, seeing a shadow figure around my room, and having predictive dreams. I stopped because it was so intense and was creating so much [music] distanced feeling from others. I stopped doing the tapes for the same reason. I felt distanced from my physical body and from others. But a few months later, the Hemisync Institute contacted me and we became partners. They showed me how to fix that. But the energy fields thing this guy is talking about is completely real. After some of the meditations, I've also seen auras and energy fields. My craziest experience was being at home and being at my friend's house at the same time. Obviously not physically in two places at once, but at home meditating while desiring to see my friend. I felt my viewpoint change. And there I was in front of him in his house. Not astral travel, not mentally, but I was there smelling the room, feeling the carpet under my feet, the room temperature, all the noises and the television. I was there with full senses active. He looked up towards me. I freaked out and popped back into my head. 2 minutes later he called [music] me and said that he felt as if I was there in the room standing in front of him. He thought I died and wanted to make sure I was all right. What he experienced is called boloccation. I have achieved boloccation only once and achieved isn't the right word because [music] it kind of happened to me. It was involuntarily. After a longer session of Focus 21, I went to bed and when I woke up, I saw someone in the corner of the room spying on me. I was completely awake. In seconds, [music] they disappeared. When I went to bed again, I saw myself sleeping and waking up in my dreams. Actually, later on, I realized that I was the one standing in the corner in the room looking at myself sleeping. I [music] then realized I'm both people. I was both people at once. Crazy, but the whole experience felt more real than reality itself. >> I tried wave one of the Gateway tapes last year without any prior knowledge. I took a nap after it was over. I woke up very vividly in what seemed like another dimension where I was in a very different room with a very different computer at my desk. I remember struggling between two different memories of two different lives at the same time. I spent about 2 minutes there before waking up. Since then, I've been into quantum physics and the theory of alternate dimensions. >> I had very vivid dreams after using the gateway tapes as well. This is due to several factors. When you do the tapes, you increase the use of your brain's frontal lobe, which is the part of your brain responsible for rendering reality in your dreams. My favorite tape is color breathing. [music] I once used the red color breathing in a wrestling match. I was down in a position I could not possibly move an inch. I could barely breathe and I inhaled. Thought of the red color and when I started to push him from on top of me, I felt a weird strength almost like adrenaline, but it was not because my pulse was stable as there wasn't much of a stress to my body as I did this many times before. And it was almost like an excitement state. And I pushed him with such ease that the weight that literally crushed me before of his [music] body felt very light this time. And he also told me that I had a crazy strength when I did that. Another time we used red breathing before a boxing match and my speed and reflexes were times better. I literally beat the person I was never able to beat in 3 years in that match. And the purple breathing I have used that to heal a wound I had on my left shoulder. I have had that wound for 3 or 4 months at that point and it healed instantly. Color breeding is one of the best exercises in the gateway tapes. While under deep hypnosis, you can program your mind with the help of Robert Monro's guided meditation. You tell yourself that if you imagine breathing a certain color, it would affect your mind and body in a certain way. Breathing a red color gives you strength and speed. Green calms your emotions, and purple heals your body. This only works if you've done the hypnosis and encoded the symbolism in your subconscious mind. I've done it. It works. I'll make a separate video on how to achieve it very soon. >> I've been doing the Gateway tapes on and off for 6 months. I've also been meditating for 8 years. I can safely say that I have the deepest and most rewarding meditation experiences when I'm listening to the tapes. >> Gateway works. Bob Monroe was a visionary. One morning, I was out of body in the astral when I felt the time to return as usual. I came down through the roof of my apartment. My body was asleep next to my wife bedroom under the roof. As I came through the roof and hovered over my sleeping body, my wife suddenly awoke, looked up and screamed. I reached out and touched her face, then dived back into my body and opened my eyes. My wife was upset. I just saw a ghost. Then I knew it was you. This one is a little crazy, but with the things I've seen, I totally believe it's possible. No one has seen me while I'm out of my body, so I can't confirm if it's actually possible. From my comprehension, we never leave our body physically. Out of body experiences are called astral projections for a reason because you project your consciousness somewhere else. You don't actually leave your body. My experience with wave 1, tape 1. After 15 minutes, I stopped hearing Monroe's voice. I felt like I went back in time to a week ago when I was at the university. It was a simultaneous third person and first person view. After about 2 minutes, everything started to blur and I began to feel strange as if I was not in a physical world. Everything started to lose meaning. My classmates and I began to stare at each other, not in a scary way, and we lost our sense of gravity, as if we were entering each other's bodies. Then all the visuals disappeared, and I stopped the tape. I've tried this tape several times since then, but I haven't had the same visuals again. This state that the commenter is describing is called focus 10. Mind awake, body asleep. It's quite impressive that they reached focus 10 on the first try. It actually took me a few weeks to get there. They can't replicate their experience because they probably had luck the first time they did it. It will take some time, but you'll get there eventually, so keep trying. >> I've been using the Gateway videos for a few months now. I knew that it was extremely legitimate when during listening to the third video while in deep meditation, I healed a deep trauma from my childhood. I was crying and didn't realize that until I had returned to normal waking consciousness. Has anyone experienced anything similar to this? Why using the gateway videos? >> I have experienced something similar but not a mental trauma. Exactly. I healed my neck, my physical neck. I was struggling with nerve pain for days and just with two sessions in one day, I managed to heal it. There are thousands of comments more. I have read through so many questions and I will make a detailed guide on every single meditation from the gateway tapes. So, subscribe if you haven't still and you want to see those. And if you enjoyed this episode and you haven't watched my previous videos on the gateway tapes, you can do that here or here. I'm Dax Soo and thank you for watching. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Elevated_Perspective44 [3 likes]: Hey Dan, I really value your content. It cuts through noise, most people don't question. I can't shake my doubts about Robert Monroe.

His gateway research wasn't just about exploring consciousness. As you said, it caught the attention of CIA and military programs at the height of psychological experimentation.

That overlap with government influence and behavioral control studies makes me wonder if his expansion of awareness was partly engineered.

Even without direct Tavistock ties, the overlap with that world makes me wonder if his discoveries were ever fully about awakening or partly about shaping perception. 

Maybe Monroe tapped into something real, but the system around him feels like it was studying how to steer minds, not free them.
  2. @Azure_Warrior.1 [2 likes]: Am I the only one who started like vibrating while on focus 12??
  3. @vidb5409 [1 likes]: Sad your channel was deleted. Your pronunciation has improved a lot. Don't trust YT and keep going !
  4. @seanhmusic [1 likes]: I can’t get past focus 10, I always fall asleep when I try to meditate. Anyone got any advice?
  5. @Whacks [1 likes]: Dan the legend
  6. @mewingbear [1 likes]: LETS GO SO HAPPY!
  7. @madamantiou [1 likes]: much love to you and your family Dan, keep spreading the word
  8. @danielskimagix: Dse, hiw come that ypu are niw less than 1000 subs?! Didnt pu hav much more?  Ypu g9t cut?
  9. @fruitseekerministry2.0____88: Did u delete the video of 1 year experience with the gateway tapes with the blue shorts
  10. @Tasin4567: So you did 2 years of gateway proccess 1 month ago but 1 year of exp 13 hours ago? Lmao 😂

- Emotional storyteling evok feelings, empathy& connection with audience through relatable character.: Kind: captions Language: en emotional storytelling is a powerful technique to connect with your audience on a deeper level know your audience understand their emotions values and what resonates with them identify your story's core emotion what emotion do you want to evoke is it Joy sadness anger or hope show don't tell use actions dialogue and imagery to reveal emotions rather than simply use personal anecdotes share personal experiences to make your story more relatable build empathy put yourself in your audience's shoes and consider their perspective

- All tailored for viral storytelling, emotional audience retention, and search ranking.: Kind: captions Language: en Ethan Cole hadn't planned on doing anything remarkable with his Tuesday evening. In fact, he had walked into the small roadside diner with the simple, almost depressing expectation of eating his soup in silence, replaying the frustrations of the day like a tired record stuck on the same scratched track. Because the promotion he had poured months of energy into working late nights, skipping weekends, sacrificing sleep, had been given to someone who spent more time flattering the higherups than actually doing the job. And as he sat in the booth near the window, watching the neon sign flicker against the glass as cars rushed past in a blur of red tail lights, he felt that familiar weight of loneliness settle in his chest. the kind that whispered that nothing he did was enough, that no one really noticed his efforts, that he was drifting through life quietly, politely, invisibly. He stirred his chicken soup absent-mindedly, letting the steam warm his face as he slumped deeper into the booth, wondering how he'd become the person who ate alone in quiet diners and told himself he didn't mind. when truthfully he did, because the silence pressed on him harder each day, whispering reminders of how small and disconnected he felt in the world. And he sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose just as the bell above the door chimed, a soft, delicate sound that drew his attention without him intending to look. But look, he did, and what he saw shifted something deep inside him. A woman in a worn, oversized gray hoodie, her hair tied in a messy bun that looked more like exhaustion than style, holding the small hand of a boy whose eyes told a story Ethan recognized instantly. The story of struggle, of hunger, of a child trying to be brave for a mother who was barely holding herself together. And as they stepped into the diner, shaking off the cold evening wind, the woman scanned the place with cautious hope, as though praying for a miracle small enough not to be noticed by the world, but big enough to matter. They approached the counter where the elderly waitress June, who'd worked there long enough for Ethan to know she always tried her best, leaned down to listen to the woman's whispered words. And though Ethan couldn't hear the quiet exchange, he could read the body language as clearly as if the words had been typed in bold letters. The apologetic shake of Jun's head. The way the woman's shoulders sank. The way the little boy tugged on his mother's sleeve with a soft, confused frown, his gaze darting to the warm plates on nearby tables as though he were memorizing them. Ethan swallowed hard. guilt and empathy twisting together in his chest because he had known hunger as a child, had known what it felt like to look at food and pretend he wasn't starving. And before his rational mind could lecture him about boundaries or strangers or staying out of things that weren't his business, he found himself rising from his seat, the legs of his chair scraping softly across the diner floor. When the woman noticed him approaching, she instinctively stepped in front of her son, her tired eyes narrowing with that defensive fear life carves into people who've been disappointed too many times. And Ethan quickly raised his hands, palms open, his voice gentle as he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just I heard a little. If you'd like, you can sit with me. I'll take care of dinner." And for a heartbeat, the world seemed to pause. The woman blinking rapidly, confusion and pride and desperation, all flickering across her face as she struggled with the instinct to refuse help, yet wanting so badly to say yes for her child's sake. The boy, small and frail, tugged her hand again and whispered, "Mommy, please, I'm really hungry." And those soft words were the final thread that snapped what remained of her hesitation. So she nodded reluctantly, almost painfully, and allowed Ethan to lead them to his booth, where the boy eagerly slid into the seat across from him, his legs dangling off the edge, his eyes wide with hope he didn't dare fully trust. The woman sat beside her son, her hands tightly clasped together as if trying to hold herself steady in a world that kept shifting under her feet. And Ethan gently waved June over, ordering a grilled cheese sandwich, a bowl of soup, and fries for the boy, plus a warm plate for the mother, who insisted she wasn't hungry, but whose pale cheeks and hollowed eyes said otherwise. Once the food arrived, the boy ate with a hunger that broke Ethan's heart. not greedy or messy, just fast, like someone who knew from experience that chances didn't always last. While the mother kept apologizing in fragments, saying she never asked strangers for help, that she had been managing until she lost her job two weeks ago when the factory downsized, that their landlord had changed the locks when she fell behind on rent, that she was doing everything she could, but somehow everything kept slipping farther away. Ethan listened quietly, offering small nods, his heart twisting with every word, because her voice carried the quiet strength of someone who had been forced into resilience, someone who kept standing even when life shoved her down again and again, someone who had no family to turn to and no partner to share the burden with, someone who was trying to protect her child from the harshness of a world that should have been kinder. The diner slowly emptied as the evening grew darker, leaving only a few scattered patrons and the soft hum of the refrigerator in the back, and somewhere between the boy finishing his fries and the woman softly thanking Ethan for the hundth time. The boy's eyelids grew heavy, his little head nodding forward until he finally fell asleep beside his mother. His small hand unknowingly reaching across the table to rest on Ethan's napkin like a tiny anchor. As if something in him recognized safety for the first time in a long while, the mother gently brushed her fingers through her son's hair, her eyes quietly shining, not with tears of sadness, but with the overwhelming relief of a burden finally lifting, even for just one night. and she whispered, "You didn't have to do this. Nobody stops anymore." Her voice trembling like someone who wasn't used to receiving kindness. And Ethan shook his head with a soft smile, replying, "Maybe they just didn't see you. But I do." And even as the words left him, he felt something unfamiliar swelling in his chest. Purpose, connection, meaning something he didn't know he'd been missing until this very moment. He studied her face, noticing the exhaustion carved into it, but also the underlying courage that kept her upright. And he found himself wanting to know her story, wanting to understand what storms she'd weathered, what battles she'd fought alone, what dreams she'd been forced to set aside, because there was something about her presence, gentle yet strong, fragile yet unbroken, that stirred something deep in him. She told him her name was Mia, and her son's name was Noah. And as she spoke, her words spilled gently like pieces of a life she rarely shared with anyone, describing how she had grown up in the foster system. How she had learned from childhood that the world didn't always offer softness. How she met No's father, who had promised the world but disappeared before Noah was born. How she'd worked any job she could find, cleaning offices, working factory shifts, doing deliveries to keep her little family afloat. Ethan listened with an intensity he'd never felt before, as though each detail added color to a picture he hadn't realized he wanted to see. And as he sat across from Mia, watching her cradle her son protectively while speaking with quiet honesty, he realized that the loneliness he'd carried for so long. The emptiness that had shadowed him was beginning to dissolve, replaced by a growing sense of connection that surprised him with its warmth. Outside the diner, the night grew colder. the neon sign flickering its tired light onto the sidewalk. But inside the booth, Ethan felt something stir. The faint spark of hope or destiny or something he didn't yet understand. And he knew without truly knowing how that his life had just shifted on its axis. That this moment, this unexpected dinner, this quiet conversation with a struggling mother and her sleepy child, was not an accident, but a beginning, a turning point he hadn't seen coming. a doorway to a future tangled with people he had met out of pure chance. When Mia finally whispered, "I don't know how to repay you." Ethan shook his head again, offering a small genuine smile and answering, "You don't owe me anything. Just let me help." And though Mia looked conflicted, torn between pride and gratitude. She nodded faintly, her shoulders relaxing for the first time in what felt like years. Little did Ethan know that this single act of kindness, this simple decision to stand up when he could have stayed seated, would unravel into a story far bigger than anything he had imagined, pulling him into a world of hidden struggles, fierce loyalty, unexpected love, and the rediscovery of who he was meant to become. All because a mother had whispered in a quiet diner, "My son's hungry. Can we stay a while?" And he had been the one person who didn't look away.

- 18 Psychology Tricks to Get Viewers Addicted to Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to engineer your storytelling to get a viewer to think and act how you want and if you can do this on command you win now I have over a million followers done a billion views and this one thing has been the biggest cheat code to my success it is the foundational building block that powers everything and I'm just going to give it to you this is my full content psychology Playbook 18 different tricks that you can use to get people addicted to your videos without them knowing it all right so I boil down every video into six steps think of these like Gates or checkpoints and I need to get the viewer through these six checkpoints before they bounce or the video flops now for each one I use a combination of different psychology hacks to pull them through and I'm going to break down each one of those hacks and how you can use them in your videos okay so the first major checkpoint in any video is paino acceptance before you do anything else you have to get the viewer to feel whatever pain point it is you're solving for in the video usually the core pain stems from not having enough money time health or access those are the four horsemen of pain and there's many ways to frame a pain but at a base level before you do anything else in the video the viewer has to feel a pain point now I can already hear the skep iics in the nose beds what about entertainment style content like Mr Beast or Minecraft videos there's no pain point in those and you're 100% right those are pure entertainment plays and those can work but my take is that if you're playing for pure entertainment the competition is much much steeper because you're competing against family time Hollywood grade movies Mr Beast himself the Instagram feed reading in bed if you're not an absolute Pro you're going to lose the entertainment game but if you're solving a specific paino all of a sudden you fit into a different category in the viewer's brain and if your goal is to make money online Value First paino driven content is the best way to do it okay so checkpoint one is making them accept the pain now what are the exact psychological hacks to get them to do this I have four methods the first one is by going one standard deviation away from the pain to trick them into accepting it so let me explain what that means the key with content is getting a viewer to opt into accepting they have a paino without triggering their be s detector it's like robbing a bank if you trip the red wire the alarms will go off and they're going to call the police you remember when I said all core pain stem from not having time money health or access well the problem is if you come out directly and say something like if you want to make more money do this it often triggers their BS detector and they'll dismiss you and this happens because most viewers are smart and they think to themselves Well it can't be that easy right this must be nonsense and so then they start second guessing what you're saying and this is all happening subconsciously because of their psychology once the BS detector is tripped in their mind you've lost them because now they don't trust you so this is where the one standard deviation away hack comes in sometimes it could be easier to get someone to opt into a pain by going one standard deviation away from what they actually want and having them make the leap themselves for example let's take the pain of trying to grow on social media that's what I talk about most people want to grow on social media because they think it'll help them make more money they don't actually want to spend 40 hours a week making videos they want the money but the beauty is that most people assume that if they grow on social media they will make money they treat them as the same so targeting the pain that they aren't growing their social channels fast enough is a way to disarm them on the money pain without triggering their BS detector they will make the leap that you helping them with social media will help them make more money which is what they really want and to prove this is the case if you look at all of my videos on my YouTube channel anytime I talk specifically about making more money those videos don't perform very well but anytime I talk about specifics of making better videos or new social trends for growing faster people associate that with making more money and those videos crush and this isn't an accident this is psychology at work so the specific tactic here is understanding which of the four horsemen base pains you're targeting and then figuring out how to go one standard deviation away to solve a tactical problem all right the second hack for trying to get a viewer to accept the paino is what I call twisting the knife here your goal is to remind the viewer of their paino and the frustration that they've been experiencing because they haven't solved it twist the knife the best way to do this tactically no surprise is to talk about the pain point and that frustration as bluntly and directly as possible so for example I might say something like if you've been struggling with storytelling I've been there I know how hard it is this reminds them of the struggle and deepens the Gap it seems obvious but this is adding Tinder to the burning fire of them wanting to solve the problem also fomo and jealousy are other great ways to remind them of this frustration and deepen the pain all right the third psychology hack for getting a viewer to accept the pain point is what I call an audience of one and this is very simple speak to them directly don't use the word I use the word you make it about them make them the main character make them think about themselves and their unique situation I use the word you more than any other word in my videos it's like a teacher yelling hey you to a group of kindergarteners right it stuns them immediately and makes them lock back in I also try in my delivery to make it seem like I'm talking directly to you and no one else and this comes mostly from tone and Rhythm which you have to just adjust over time the best way to do this is observe two people having a conversation and then try to mimic that tone and Rhythm nobody wants a preacher they want a friend again these things seem obvious and I'm going to show you an example in a second about why they're so powerful but I'm telling you stacking these on top of each other creates this deep pain Point all right the fourth and last hack for getting a user to accept the paino is to create the paino solution Gap you need them to realize that there is both a paino to be solved and a gap between between where they are today and where they want to be you can do this tactically by literally moving your hands from one side to the other or you could use Graphics or you could continue to Pepper examples showing the distance between where they are and where they want to be as you can tell and I've heard this in the comments I find the hands thing to be super helpful with this now you don't have to do all four of those hacks all together every single video but by doing these four things you make them aware of the right pain frame it so it applies to them specifically and build an urgency for them to figure out how to close the gap if you do this you have them Hook Line and Sinker through that first checkpoint and they are super eager to find out what comes next now I'm going to show you an example the first three checkpoints all happen in the hook of the video in the first 10 to 30 seconds so I'm really breaking it down but this happens super super quickly getting them through those first three checkpoints let's review the hook that I used in this video just a couple minutes ago and I'm going to show you exactly how I do this in practice by the way the reason you're still watching is because I use this exact psychology hack to hook you so if you're wondering if it works it works today we're talking about about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to all right so here's the transcript of the first half of the hook for this video and I'm going to color code each of the four psychology hacks that deal with this first paino checkpoint now the first line is just me setting context that it's about psychology I kind of had to do that then immediately I start twisting the knife using jealousy I say by all your favorite creators now I could have started by explicitly stating the pain itself like you're trying to grow on social media through video but that is implied by me using Creator so at this point subconsciously you feel this frustration cuz you want to grow like your favorite creators but you haven't figured it out I'm reminding you of that frustration subconsciously that deepens the paino Gap if you want your videos to perform better so I'm saying it directly right here again I know every single person watching this wants to make money that's why they're trying to grow on social media so this is the one standard deviation away from the core Four Horseman pain now that rolls directly into the paino solution Gap if you want better videos paino you need to understand psychology solution and this is all happening in real time but like 7 seconds in I've already kind of got you deeply reminded of the pain jealous about the other creators and interested in how to solve it happens fast now because psychology as a concept is kind of high level and not clear I decided to use another line to reiterate exactly what I'm talking about and how you can apply it to making better videos so I say psychology is how you engineer people to do and act how you want and if you do this you can win again paino solution Gap if you do this you can win now the last thing to highlight is how many times I use the word you in the first half of this hook nine times and I use the word I zero this is also intentional this video video is not about me it's about you it's about helping you solve the pain I'm not talking about me yet now I spent so much time on checkpoint one in this video so far because again if you can't get the viewer to accept that there's a pain point you lose do not pass go there is no reason to continue you have to nail this first now before I go on to the next checkpoints why does this work so well it works so well because human brains are problem-solving machines if you give a brain a problem it is designed to figure out how to solve it by starting with the problem in the video script we are hacking the viewers neurochemistry to get them to pay attention to it and this first step is critical because it aligns their subconscious on the problem so that you can tell them the rest of the story before watching the video they may not have been problem aware or if they knew the problem they weren't consciously focusing so you need to angle their attention on the problem and then continue okay so this is checkpoint one at this point the viewer is now deeply problem aware and interested in figuring out how to solve it all right before I move on and there is some gold coming up I just got to say guys nobody talks about content the way I do I've looked so far for people to make videos like this and there just aren't any I take all of this and I put it for free in the description in my free community wavy world my free newsletter content. game I want you guys to win I think there's so much opportunity for everyone to win the way they want so I give it all for free make sure you check the description if you like the way I talk about this stuff all right let's keep going okay so as soon as the viewer is aware of the paino The Next Step checkpoint two you need to immediately Sprint to trust you you need them to trust you ASAP you essentially have between 10 and 30 seconds after they accept that a problem is real to pass their BS detector for them to trust that you're the type of person that could solve it if they sense that you don't know what you're talking about that you don't have proof that you've done this before or that you don't have the answer they're going to bounce and you lose them and this checkpoint 2 is another make or break moment in Psychology hacking do they trust you so what are the ways to get them to trust you this is the list in order from most effective to least effective the best in top of the list is proof that you have solved this problem for someone just like them this is why On Target case studies and testimonials are so critical it's why they're all over sales Pages if a viewer sees themselves in a success story that you have they immediately trust that you can do this for them if you don't have a testimonial of you doing this for others the next best case is proof that you've done it for yourself this proves that you can do it but they may not trust you as much as the testimonial if they don't see themselves in you the third highest trust Builder would be massive social followings on any account ideally the account you're on or a prei cosign from someone that they trust social followings basically prove that you are trusted and vetted by many at scale this helps decrease their fear that you don't know what you're talking about the fourth is evidence that you have been in their shoes and you are not in their shoes anymore this doesn't necessarily mean that you were the one that controlled the transformation but it does mean you have underwent the transformation so you at least know where they have been and where they want to go Fifth and this is second from the bottom is Common Ground anything you can do to build common ground between them and you just to build rapport and then last but I think still effective is the overall look and quality of your presentation of the information the studio the audio the confidence the posture the way the whole package is put together if you come off like you know what you're doing they will subconsciously start to trust you a little bit this alone isn't going to get you there but it's helpful icing on the top and this look thing this is why most sales people wear suits there's a reason why people do the things they do why they put testimonials on their sites why sales people wear suits is because they're trying to build trust now like I said you don't need the full one through six list to be true if you have any one of the top three you're probably good that's all you need but if you don't you may need multiple of the bottom three the bigger the ask the more trust required the deeper the pain the less trust required now I have three super quick psychological hacks that go one level deeper for how you actually facilitate this trust transfer so the first one around proof this is going to sound stupidly obvious but use screenshots of the testimonials bank statements a B tests before and afters social followings some visual proof is usually all you need to justify credibility that you've done what you say and it usually just takes one or two of these flashed rapidly and then the trust is built now if you have no proof you need to build common ground or show that you've been in their shoes before and even if you try this it may not stick but you have to try something the best way to build common ground is to hack their subconscious Psychology by saying things like I've been exactly where you are I've gone through this same thing I know what it feels like right saying those things helps build empathy empathy and Common Ground between them and you at this point if you don't have proof they are running the BS filter scan in their head absorbing everything trying to vet do I trust them do I trust them and I'll be honest the longer they're running that BS scan the less chance you have so you really want to establish trust as quickly as possible now in addition to building Common Ground an easy way to hack their trust like I said is having a professional setup this is a huge way to increase trust because when you're small and you have no credibility you have no proof but people see you have a legit set up immediately in their mind they're wondering wait how does this person not have any proof how does this person not have any wins he has such a great setup she has such a great setup they actually start to root for you in a weird way it inverts that's why having this professional look is so critical again if you have crazy proof you can record on a lowquality 720p camera in your underwear but if you don't have any proof this is a way to kind of elevate yourself without having done anything else again this trust checkpoint is critical if the viewer does not trust you they're not going to continue watching and you lose now one note on this at the beginning of your journey making content the reason why it takes so long to grow initially is because you don't have proof for credibility and so a low fraction of people trust you long enough to listen to your information that's why it takes so long to get those first thousand 2,000 5,000 subscribers but as you get some trust as you grow you start to build a following people then trust the following and the cosign is easier from people and then the compounding continues this is why it takes so long to grow at the beginning because you don't have trust I actually didn't start making YouTube videos until I had half a million followers on Instagram and Tik Tok and this was strategic I didn't want to risk spending $1,000 per YouTube video on editing and thumbnails until I knew that I had at least number three on that list of credibility now I actually do have almost a million followers I actually have driven over a billion views I actually have done the transformation myself and I know the answer so it's easy for you to trust me because I have these things so I now have proof figuring this out for myself I have big social followings I've been where you were because I used to not Plus I speak directly to entrepreneurs and builders that were like me so I have established Common Ground I also spent a ton of time and money building out this set so of the list of six 2 3 4 5 six I have all of them except the top one and now for the top one I have an Academy of entrepreneurs that I'm teaching the methods to I'm also getting cold DMS of people that are using my YouTube videos to get traction on their own so very soon I'll have the top one as well I will have the full six and this is really important to me because to me everything I do is optimize to build trust that's why I give the answers away I want everyone to trust me because I want to help people I genuinely do and so that goes back and forth and it helps build the trust immediately okay so that's checkpoint two so to reorient us the viewer has now accepted that a pain point is there they want to solve and they now trust you as a potential vehicle that could solve it so what comes next okay so checkpoint three is plan of attack as soon as they feel like the paino applies to them and they trust you as someone that may solve it immediately they want to know if you have a plan for doing doing so if you don't share a legit plan they will then churn so there are two things you need to do here in checkpoint 3 you need to share that you have a plan and explain why your plan is different than anything else they've seen before the first one is to create the point of difference between your plan and everyone else's now the easiest way to create the point of difference is to create contrast between what they've commonly seen and what you believe your contrarian take right so if they want to accomplish X and everyone says to do y and you say to do Z and you can convince them that Z is better they will hold to see what Z is the brain constantly is looking for easier better faster ways to solve their problem so if you create the problem and they trust you as a solve for it and you suggest something that may be different than what they've seen before they are going to be so curious that they will wait to find out what it is this is building that point of difference the contrast the Curiosity Loop whatever you call it that's how you do it now the other psychology hack here once you establish you have a point of difference immediately they want to know what is your plan now people like structure they like order they like alignment structure helps them remember things when they remember things they feel smart when they feel smart they associate feeling smart with you as the person that makes them feel smart and they trust you more so the best way to deliver the plan in structure is a list these are my five tips for doing X these are my 18 psychology hacks present your thoughts in a structured list the brain is very good at understanding numbers and chunking things down into steps that's how we learn everything as a kid if you jump into your tactics in the video without teeing it up as a list without putting a structure around it people will feel lost and confused if they're lost and confused they turn so now for the last time I'm going to pull up my full Hook from this video one more time and I'm going to show you how I walk through creating the list and creating the point of difference okay now I actually embedded the point of difference a little bit earlier like two birds one stone I talked about this in the paino section but this is the point of difference so I said if you want to grow on social media you need Psychology but not psychology in a book you need to understand how to implement psychology to hack viewers brains to do and act how you want there's kind of two points of difference there there's growth you think it's this I say psych ology there's psychology you think it's book learning I say it's actually implementing in videos there's actually two subconsciously there and I did it earlier instead of later because I'm trying to use the fewest amount of sentences I figured it was two birds one stone now the ordered Lis thing comes later obviously this is me saying I have 18 psychology hacks I have a full Playbook this is me presenting the plan to you and then right after I finish the hook I then reiterate that there are six checkpoints and those checkpoints or stage Gates I say it again because I don't want 18 to feel overwhelming so I say six again to break it down that's how important it is to explain things with structure and this all happened in 24 seconds across 12 sentences if you can pull a viewer through these three checkpoints as fast as possible they will then be primed for the rest of the video okay so at this point the viewer has accepted there's a paino to solve they trust you and they know you have a plan to solve it so there's just one big question left and this is one that matters so so much do they want you to be the one to solve it for them do they like you this is likability the number one psychological hack or checkpoint or bucket to get people addicted to your content is to make them like you enough to want to watch it people disarm their inhibitions when they genuinely like a person I'm not just talking about physical attraction do they like the energy and brand that you bring forward this is critical and as someone who's typically monotone I have brought my energy up to create this likeability or at least I hope if you're watching this I hope you like the way I'm presenting this I have three psychological hacks to improve your likeability if you're a Creator now the first first one the biggest one is energy people act like mirrors if you give low energy they will receive that and start giving low energy back if you have high energy it's infectious the easiest way to get people to resonate with your content on a psychological level is to bring your energy of delivery up by like 50% and the easiest way to do this this is what I do is I record one line at a time it sounds crazy but when you talk in paragraphs you start to Trail off towards the end of your sentences reading six seven sentences off the top of your your head you just lose energy but if you record one line at a time yes you have to chop it after but you can deliver with high energy every single line This is a super super easy hack to up your energy now the second best way to increase likability is simplification again people like when they feel smart if you make them feel dumb they will not like you it's really that simple this means using simple words and short sentences so what I do is I repeat my points twice if I say something with technical jargon I'll repeat it a the second time saying it again with simpler terms and maybe using a metaphor that's a little bit easier to understand and I kind of just talk in this way normally I think that's one of the superpowers of my style but this simplification by force is actually a really helpful way to increase people's comprehension when they can hear you and understand you they like you more now the third best way to become more likable is to genuinely just be yourself and I know it sounds so basic but people can detect when you're playing a character I legitimately wear this black hoodie every single day this black hat every day I talk like this I'm a Content nerd I'm a business nerd you cannot fake this energy around this stuff and because of that you can sense that through the camera and you like me more for it whether you believe what I say or not you like when people talk about things they like that's how the brain works they just perceive authenticity and this is the big thing when you're likable people root for you and they want to be around you they want you to be the one that solves their problems and as a Creator when you're trying to identify a problem a pain point that they pay attention to and solve it this is all you're after now if you're not likable if you're kind of a grouch you can still win but it's going to take so much longer because your value and your information has to be so good that it overcomes the deficiency of your personality it's much easier if people just like you now the sooner someone likes you the better and the easier it will be to hold them so it's possible they may already come into a video having liked you from something else so in that case checkpoint 4 is already checked off but if this is the first thing they're seeing of you they're probably going to take 3 to 5 minutes and make a call whether they like you or not those three things I mentioned are ways to improve your chances of someone liking you more all right so checkpoint five at this point the viewer has understood the pain point they trust you they understand you have a plan and they like you but this is all preal this is like the intro stage you were just trying to get them to opt in to giving you a chance to hear what you have to say and now you can see why the hook in your video is so important and why it takes so much time to dial it in we've deployed like 12 psychology tactics up to this point just trying to get the viewer primed to accept any kind of message so the next question checkpoint 5 is can we get them to pay attention long enough to hear what we have to say it's crazy when you really think about it right you spent all that time all that effort all that energy trying to get them to pay attention long enough to potentially give you the chance to deliver a message and still you have to fight to hold their attention it's pretty crazy but this is kind of the most important checkpoint within the body of the video is getting them to continue to pay attention until the last stage so of course have a few psychology hacks for getting them to hold their attention the first one is to create a hunt people's brains work in Loops when they open a loop they need to close it that is why to-do lists are so nagging you write something down on a to-do list you fret until it's closed people work in open and closed Loops so when you need to keep someone interested for 20 or 30 minutes to watch a full video you need to continually open Loops in their brain the best way to do this is to lead with the most valuable piece of information first and then tease that there are other things like it buried throughout the video that first piece is like a dopamine release and it validates that it's worth staying then you create this hunt these Loops that people have to hunt to close to do this tactically just continue reminding them about the gold at the end I didn't really do it well in this video but you can think about when people talk about six tactics and when they're on number two they say and wait for the end because the last one's going to be great right that is them opening a long-term Loop while they close these Min ones they want you to stay to close that long-term Loop all right hack number 14 is reh hooking in previous videos I've talked a lot about the importance of reh hooking throughout your content because you do all that work to lay the initial hook but then if you don't rehook everything just atrophies down to zero so you have to keep reh hooking their interest and the best way to do that is to keep reigniting that paino solution Gap where are they where do they want to be remind them where are they where do they want to be create contrast against where they are where they want to be common belief contrar in take continue to create that contrast and you'll be able to rehook them throughout now the best way to do this is that and flip so saying things like now that point was good but honestly if you don't figure out this point it's never going to work right continuing to give that zigzag dance that's how you rehook them all right another way to keep them interested throughout and I talk a lot about this in my storytelling video which I'll link here if you want to check out the during the body storytelling a lot of these techniques I broke down a lot deeper in some other videos but a great way to do this is what I call a trans Rhythm if you create a desirable rhythm with the Cadence of your words they will stay because it's soothing to listen to I've noticed that that the monotony that comes with same length sentences actually leads to boredom and then people churn so the best way to do this is to use your voice as an instrument and try to deliver off balance enunciation off-balance Cadence to create this Rhythm keep them on their toes some short sentences and then deliver some long Legato sentences some compound sentences some quick sentences keep them off balance and it creates this trans style Rhythm where they're just locked into hearing it it's almost like music in a way if you look down your script and you don't see a jagged line with the end of your sentences that means all of your sentences are around the same length and it creates that monotonous plotting feeling you want that Jagged line so look down your script and make sure you have that all right so now we've come to the last checkpoint checkpoint six this is what you're after the whole reason you do one through five is to get people to checkpoint 6 checkpoint 6 is getting the viewer to take an action so far you've established a paino built trust laid out a plan got them to like you and re-hooked them throughout the video so that they could absorb most of your value the last step can you get them to take the action after all that's why we're making content in the first place we need viewers to take some action now that action could be to subscribe it could be to share it could be to sign up for a free email list or a lead Magnet or a community it also could be to convert and transact for a paid product right from the video the actions vary but we need the viewer to take an action if they don't it's not that the rep was all for nothing but we don't really Clos the process that we were trying to do here now I've got three final psychology hacks to trick the viewer into taking the action the first one is called close the loop at the end of the video tell the viewer that you have successfully closed the paino solution Gap and that by doing this they should have everything they need to be able to take the information in the video and solve for it themsel but if they would like to increase the speed and get to the solution faster then they can take your action or purchase your product this hack of reminding them that all the information is there but if they want speed they can pay for it is super effective and it works because almost no one can absorb 100% of the information on the first go round but the whole point of the video was to demonstrate that you have the end to- endend knowledge and 5% of people are going to be able to take that watch it three times and implement it thems God bless them it's the other 95% that want to pay for Speed now that they trust you that'll take the action the hack is that you reminded them that the loop is closed because by reminding them it res signals that pain point that they wanted to solve they will feel like it's still unsolved because they haven't absorbed all the information and they will look to take an action to solve it all right my second hack for getting the viewer to take the desired action is an unexpected surise surprise most of Life boils down to expectations verse reality if they expected a highquality masterpiece in your video but you fell short chances are they're not going to take the action but if the reality of watching the video blew away their expectations especially if it was because of how valuable the information actually was they are way more likely to take the action that you suggested this is why I was able to grow from 0 to 65,000 Subs on YouTube in like two months I try to make all of my videos at a 12 out of 10 quality that blows people away so this the unexpected surprise works every time all right and the last psychology tip hack number 18 is the recap tell the viewer what you're going to do do it and then remind them at the end of what you did that reminding is the recap this is the final nail that closes the loop on that paino solution Gap and that by doing that it reminds them that they should take the action if they haven't yet solved the pain watch I'm going to show you an example right here as I close this but I'm only doing it as long as you take the action look in the description all right guys that's all I have for this video those were 18 tricks to hack viewer psychology to get more addicted into your content if you like this video and you want more breakdowns like this I kind of like making these but I don't know if you like them too if you like them leave a comment let me know what I should cover in the next video and remember there is so much free stuff in the description I'm giving it all away if you want your videos to be better if you want to grow faster on social media the links and the invites are below for you to take advantage of until next time we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [23 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @pamithadesilva1955: I’ve being binge watching this channel since early this week. I wish I came across these videos earlier. Such great learnings
  3. @shashankthakur2090: god bless u bro thankyou so much
  4. @IrvinZurita-t5l: Perfect content ❤
  5. @CovenantCrossings-n1d: Just stumbled across your channel. I am almost 70 years old, excellent presentation, just subscribe.
  6. @RonNezaticky: Good stuff! Loads of value! Thank you
  7. @RoxanaHashemi: Great thank you 🙏
  8. @Thecreabrix: thank you <3
  9. @TechnicalIndiaA1: You addressed pain point of content creator
  10. @eNVyyuh: that’s so scary i’m so high bro literally just explained exactly what made me want to press his video 😭
  11. @gregh_777: i hate everything about this video.
  12. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  13. @Toplegends7: that's perfect
  14. @philliprocker2719: New to social media so these tips made some things finally make sense.
  15. @madievb7728: This video was super helpful, thank you for sharing your expertise with us. I checked out the Sandcastle program and it looks wonderful, but unfortunately I can't afford it right now. 😢
  16. @Ben-g2i8w: your lessons are valuable . thanks for the good work
  17. @lydiamartinezebling: Amazing! 🙏🏻💪🏼
  18. @nexryn1: We'll definitely make it
  19. @Jonathan-u6q6h: Love your teaching
  20. @Jolly-Good-Planet: You are the great teacher. Thanks! 🎉 ❤

- How to use psychology to hack viewers brains (& make more money): Kind: captions Language: en the best way to grow any business is better content it's a cheat code and the only thing holding you back from making better content is understanding the psychology of how viewers act online so I'm going to break down that psychology show you a bunch of different examples and then show you the Tactical changes that you should make to your content to drive better outcomes now I've used this framework to grow my personal channels from zero to half a million followers in 18 months I've also helped many Brands behind the scenes dramatically level up their content thinking with this same method and it works because it's not some secret formula it's just understanding basic human behavior in the context of social media all marketing boils down to one simple principle can you get the viewer or listener or reader to feel an emotion that will most compel them to take an action so emotion to action that's what we want now not all emotions Trigger action love for example is an extremely strong emotion but it doesn't always trigger an action if you love someone and you see something that makes you of them you may message them but love alone is not closely tied to purchase and purchase is the action we're looking for because if someone would be willing to purchase they're for sure going to sign up for your newsletter or share your thing so we're looking for emotions that drive purchase now there's one emotion above all others that best triggers purchase fear and I'm not talking about chainsaw in the woods type fear I'm talking about foma it's fom's cousin fear of missing anything anytime you watched content and it compelled you to buy subconcious iously you were afraid of missing out or losing something or dying early or not being healthy enough or not being enough or not being cool Etc no matter how long the thread if you pull long enough the subconscious motivation behind almost every purchase is fear let's say you see a piece of content about chocolates and flowers that are on sale for Valentine's Day you have a wife or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend that you buy these for and you may say it wasn't fear I wasn't afraid of them I bought them cuz I love them and yeah that's true you're not afraid of them but deep down you bought them because you were afraid that they wouldn't know how much you cared about them it's the fear of them not knowing that pushed the purchase not the love or even worse for some people in that scenario they'll buy them because they fear their partner will be upset if they don't so to quell that subconscious fear they buy buying the chocolates and flowers is a sign of love but the fear of them not knowing or the fear of them being upset is the reason you purchase let's take another example let's say you see a video about a gut supplement that improves your digestive system so you buy it now why did you buy it it's not because you like taking supplements or even because you want to be healthy it's really because you fear the consequences of being unhealthy and in extreme cases dying so the fear of something is the most potent emotion that you can make a customer feel that will compel them to purchase and this happens on big stages too why do McKenzie Bane and BCG have billion dooll businesses basically telling Executives what they already know because those Executives fear the wrath of their board or their shareholders or their bosses for not having done the research to back that decision it's fear cya now the big question is how do we adjust our content to drive more fear so that purchases go up because the obvious answer is not going to work if you start every piece of content with you're going to die soon or you're going to get fired people will think you're a whack job and they will lose trust and the only thing that can counteract the pull from Fear to buy is the push to not buy from lack of trust so we can't afford to sacrifice trust the art of content and marketing and persuasion and copyrighting is to make someone feel that fear without explicitly saying it so how do we do this the best way is to show an example of someone or something that they relate to experiencing that fear in the same way and making them make the leap so for example let's say you're selling a course about learning how to code a beginner at content may say something like I just made the best course for coding or there's a hundred different modules in my course but most people will look right past that because it doesn't trigger the fear it's highlighting the features and features don't sell fear sells instead better content might be talking about how other Industries are firing a lot of people but the one that isn't is software development this would subconsciously instill the fear that a non-developer might lose their job and so by taking the coding course and becoming a developer they may be able to protect themsel and it doesn't all have to be negative in this way it could play out in every scenario in every industry let's say you launch a new brand of running shoes you may pay cool famous athletes to wear them and you're doing that because it appeals to Runners who are afraid of not being cool this is obviously a very popular Playbook and what most clothing brands do but it's very crowded and easy to see through because so many people do it another angle for shoes might be to say that you are building them for longevity because they're specifically designed to protect your ankles which will appeal to Runners who are afraid of not being able to walk when they're older or arthritis or a number of health conditions this would obviously be a much deeper fear and a smaller audience but way stickier now here's a tactical tip a good way to hide the fear is to bake it into a curiosity loop at the beginning of the content for the foot Paine shoe example you might start content with Nikes being sued for all these Runners injuries or 90% of 80-year-olds can't walk because they wore this brand of shoes the Curiosity Loop of what you're talking about makes people want to hear more and it makes them not think directly about the fear the fear slides to the subconscious but they of course hear it so the framework is step one figure out who your Target customer is that's really key step two figure out what their biggest fears are as a collective step three figure out how to message or show that fear coming to life without expl itly saying it and this Nuance this art is where the gold is but this is only the first half of the equation the second half is showing that your product is the best solve to quell the fear so if someone's afraid of that foot injury and you make a chart showing the percent of injury for every Footwear brand and yours is the best that might be a way to show that your brand is best designed to solve that fear and now this is a really key point on the content side the goal is to establish the fear immediately and then compress the time that it takes to demonstrate the value that your your product could be the solve in other words you want to show that your stuff solves the fear as early as possible in the content you can give lots of other deeper examples throughout the content but you want to demonstrate value as soon as you can now what does this mean let's keep going with the foot pain shoe example if you spend the first 90 seconds of a 2-minute video hammering the foot pain and talking about the injury over and over without demonstrating value it's possible that many viewers that feel this pain will churn before you get to the last 30 seconds talking about the product because it's so intense the fear and pain is so intense they don't want to listen to it but if they know that you have a solve that might be coming later they might stick around that's why the best marketing messaging clearly establishes a fear teases the solve presses on the fear to amplify and then gives the rest of the solve when fear is at a maximum that's the cycle and this Loop works for any product any brand any time any channel it always works so to revisit the full framework step one figure out who your Target customer is step two figure out what their deepest fears are at as a collective step three figure out how to message that fear coming to life without saying it explicitly step four tease the solve for that fear as soon as possible step five amplify the fear and step six demonstrate the solve by now you probably get it but let me show you two examples of me doing this in practice also if you like the way I think about this stuff I write this thing called wavy where I break down viral content and extract the best learnings and Frameworks out of it my goal is to make this like a god tier resource for anybody that makes content mark marketers Founders creators people are loving it if you want it links in the description now for the examples it's important to note that number of views is actually not the most important metric here the most important metric is dollar conversion views Grows by shares dollars Grows by actions it's of course helpful to have views and shares to get more eyes on something if it's optimized but in this video I'm talking about optimizing for dollar conversion I'll make another video in the future talking specifically about the views and just amplifying the number if that's what you're interested in so for conversion this is a good example of a video I made it's about this thing called brick which is a super simple productivity tool that helps you block out apps on your phone for certain periods of time let's watch the first part of this video together ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well this thing just fix that it's called brick and it changed everything for me but before I get into why I just got to say this is not sponsored I'm making this video because the brick has become my single biggest productivity hack what I needed was a way to temporarily disable social media before bed on walks in the gym when I'm working I was at the point where I'd be scrolling for hours without even noticing now this video drove over $10,000 in sales for Brick and only took me 2 hours to make and to break it down first I hammered the paint which is the fear of missing out on life because the phone is controlling you and this was a bit more on the explicit side because I find with short form video the shorter the medium is the more explicit you need to be on hammering the fear because you just don't have as much time to establish with multiple sentences so I try to be pretty explicit in short form videos with long form videos videos and other formats you have a little bit more time to establish that fear now the second sentence well this thing just fixed that it's called brick and it changed everything for me that's creating a curiosity Loop people are like what is that but it's also teasing that I have some solve it's this brick device the third part is me saying what I needed was to temporarily disable social media so this is me pressing on the fear pressing on the pain and then the fourth part is me breaking down how Brick Works and what the solve actually is by the end if someone watched this and they also experienced the pain of scrolling too much and feeling they were missing life this is going to be a perfect solve for them it was an Impulse buy and so it converted highly here's the second example in the same category I actually used this as inspiration for the brick video so the hook is the same this is called The Light phone which is a super minimal zero screen phone where you can't use social media let's watch this video together you ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well these guys invented the light phone and as soon as I saw it I knew it was a home run the design is super simple intentionally it's meant to give you back control over your dopamine you've got the ability to call and text and a couple other tools like podcast music notes and directions but that's it no social media no anxiety inducing notifications no internet browsing it's a phone as a tool not a Vie the screen is a black and white matte finish like what you see on a Kindle and because of that there's no blue light messing with your eyes or internal clock now these guys didn't pay me to say this but I think I'm going to get one of these it's $2.99 and honestly some weekends I just want to get rid of my iPhone and be more present this is the first thing I've seen that would let me do that while still being able to get around and get in touch with my friends what do you guys think does this resonate or did they take it too far from the mainstream so for the first part I use the same hook here really talking about the fear of missing life fomo of missing life because you're on your phone and then the second part was teasing the solve teasing the phone saying well these guys invented a solve and it's I knew it was going to be a home run the Light phone showing it that's kind of teasing that solve and then in this case the rest of the video was actually me intertwining the amplification of the fear and the solve because short form is so compressed I didn't have a lot of time to show here's the fear you're losing dopamine you're losing control and then separately show the solve so I kind of intertwined it but you can see both of those components here this video got 2.3 million views and I think it crashed their website the team reached out I'm pretty sure it flooded them with orders now it's important to establish that not every piece of content is designed to drive purchase otherwise it would be a pretty uneventful and not fun internet but in my mind every piece of content should be designed to have the viewer take some action whether that's to sign up for a newsletter or to follow or something else if it's a newsletter the fear should be eliciting the fear of not knowing certain information which would make someone subscribe you can either do that by making a video that's so good that it pulls them into your bio looking for other sources of information and subscribing or you can just say if you want to stay up to date follow and that creates that fear that lack of information all right I can talk about this forever I'm going to end the video here thank you guys so much for watching if you like this video you like how I talk about psychology and marketing strategy make sure to like And subscribe and we will see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [3 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Odin.Putra..0 [1 likes]: Please please please please please please please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 provide this video in Hindi language ❤from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @woxywanders [1 likes]: i hope i can like this video 5x 
This is Gold! Thank you! Just subscribed! Keep it up, Sir!
  4. @senttientt [1 likes]: hey. i wanted to thank you for the incredibly educational content you put out there. you’re truly brilliant, you deserve everything you’ve achieved and more. thank you so much 💙💙
  5. @hanami_bloom: Wow this content is the best. I love the useful knowledge I get.
  6. @HéctorEstrada-t2p4m: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @HumanChaptersHub: very nice
  8. @CJ-jc-d6c: Can you do a gaming focused video on hooks? I’m great at audience retention but I’m god awful at hooking. Specifically for gaming videos. I can hook really well in my music videos but not gaming
  9. @HellavatorGrowup: This is really usefull for me but I really need Persian subtitle
  10. @tropevp33: It is interesting that you use fear to get attention, have you thought other emotions?
  11. @TrungTran-wd3wi: I would like to add that there are two main types of fear, the first is the fear of not being loved (by family, friends), the second is the fear of not having enough (not enough money, not enough health, not enough time), these are the two biggest fears of humans.
  12. @LucasJR7: 8:10
  13. @MilquetoastQT: 3:05 : I don't know, man. Works for Alex Jones 😂
  14. @BOOKED_PROSPERS: 2:36 Well that's half true. 

There is also another huge emotion that compels people to buy that yummy looking candy, or make a bad decision with a pretty girl.

Desire. 

Fear & desire are the 2 most compelling emotions that drive purchase
  15. @X_The_Android: 8:19 "This is NOT sponsored," yet you somehow have access to information of how many Bricks that ""not ad"" sold.
  16. @XBMotivates: Your videos and so helpful. Thank you!
  17. @TheSilentInfluence: You're a GOAT❤
  18. @GatewayintoComics: Hail Thine Inmost Self
  19. @ArtIntel-y1e: amazing
  20. @ajeetyadav1111a: From when I got your Channel i am watching each video of yours one by one ... 07 Done out of 35 ❤❤

- Brain Hack: 6 secrets to learning faster, backed by neuroscience | Lila Landowski | TEDxHobart: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Anna Kalynchuk Reviewer: Michael Nystrom I'm angry. And I’m angry because I wish I knew this when I was younger. So I’m a neuroscientist and a lecturer. And as a neuroscientist, I study the brain and the nerves that span out into the body. And as a lecturer, I teach the next generation of healthcare professionals. And look, I see some students struggle with their learning, especially the older ones, but it’s not their fault. You know, we don't get taught how to learn. We just kind of expect it to happen. And I think the worst curse of all really is it gets harder to learn as we age. But what if I told you that there are things that we can do to learn faster and more effectively? I’m going to take you through the neuroscience behind six critical ingredients that can help you learn faster: attention, alertness, sleep, repetition, breaks, and mistakes. Now, first things first. How do we actually learn? We need neuroplasticity to happen. So neuroplasticity is the scientific term that essentially means our brain’s ability to physically change in response to experience. So when we’re learning something, whether it’s learning information or learning a skill, tiny little connections called synapses form between neighboring neurons in the brain. And the more we do that thing, whether it’s information or a skill, the more robust those connections become and the better we get at doing whatever it is. Now, what you’re looking at here are two neurons that I filmed in a petri dish connecting. Actually, this was a petri dish that I was about to throw away, but I saw they were about to connect, so I quickly took this video. Now, these incredible handlike structures here are called “growth cones,” and every neuron has one. They actively sense the environment around, and they help each and every one of the 86 billion neurons in your brain find the correct place to connect to. So, for example, from here to here, or here to here. And this isn’t learning. This doesn’t represent learning. What it represents is how our brain wires itself during development. Now, when things go wrong with that wiring process or when it doesn't happen in the usual way, you can end up with things like issues with learning and memory. Now, kids are a little bit like sponges, right? They just seem to need to be exposed to stuff, and they seem to remember it. Languages, skills, sports, whatever it is, the learning just happens really quickly. Now, have you ever met someone who’s incredibly talented, and you just thought, “Okay, they must have some magic thing about them that the rest of us don’t have.” Well, what if I told you that that's probably not true? It mostly comes down to practice, perseverance, and when in development, they started learning that skill. So the earlier, the better. And people like Serena Williams and Beethoven, they weren't born with their skills. They practiced, and they all actually started by age five. So really, our ability to learn goes downhill after age five, (Laughter) but it certainly gets harder through our childhood, through our teens. And once we hit our mid-twenties, it gets exponentially harder to learn. But the good news is I’m going to tell you what you can do about it because there are things you can do. You can use attention, alertness, sleep, repetition, breaks, and mistakes to make your learning better. So first things first. In order to learn, we need to pay attention, right? Attention is a really important function. So, for example, if I were to ask you to close your eyes and focus on your contact between your feet and the floor, you’ll suddenly be aware of maybe the texture of your socks, maybe how tight your shoes are, maybe how firm the floor is. And you weren’t aware of any of that a second ago. And what that means is that we have the ability to choose how much attention we pay to something. And studies have shown that when we are fully focused on a task, we are more likely to retain that information, especially for the long term. Now, until the last little blip in human history, we have never had to work this hard to pay attention. Like, let’s be honest, how many times do you find yourself rereading or replaying something because you got a bit distracted? Right? Yeah. We are designed to focus on one thing at a time. There’s no secret that the frequent context switching that happens when we use social media, so scrolling through our phones and seeing lots of different bits of completely unrelated bits of information like news, ads, you know, cat videos. That results in significantly measurable attention deficits. So I’m not saying it causes ADHD, but studies have shown that if you use your phone for more than an hour in teens, that results in these attention deficits. So try and use your phone a little bit less. Now, if you wanted to improve your attention in the long term, there are things like focused attention meditation that you can do to improve that. And if you wanted to improve your attention in the really short term, well, you can actually just exercise. I know you’re thinking: “Oh, well, my doctor always says I have to exercise and eat well.” But hear me out for a second. Did you know that exercise can actually increase the size of the part of your brain involved in learning and memory? It also helps you make new brain cells. regular exercise improves memory. It improves cognition, so your ability to think. And just 20 minutes of moderate exercise - so not even, you know, intense exercise - that will actually improve your attention for about two hours afterwards. So here’s what you should do: if you’re sitting down to study, go for a jog, do some star jumps. It’s even better if you challenge your balance. If you’re at work, run up and down the stairs. There are lots of things that you can do to make this happen. Next, we have... (Air horn blasts) alertness. In order to learn, you’ve got to be alert, right? It's not rocket science. But he’s the thing. If you’re not fully focused on a task, then you’re going to have a harder time retaining that information. Activating our body’s fight-or-flight system or activating our sympathetic nervous system, as it’s also known, results in the release of things like adrenaline and noradrenaline, and amongst other things, that will increase our alertness. So what are some other things that we can do to increase our fight-or-flight system? Because obviously, we can’t go around blasting air horns all the time. Well, again, exercise - a bit of a recurring theme here. You can do certain breathing techniques like Wim Hof breathing. You can even end your shower with a bit of a cold blast of water because that will certainly make you feel very alert. And we also know that stress will do the same thing. So we know that if you sit down to learn after a small stressor - like this, for example - that will enhance your learning. So what can you do? You can have too much stress, though, as you can see that I’m experiencing right now. So when you have been experiencing long-term stress or chronic stress, it physically changes our brain, and it causes issues with learning and memory. So if you have been experiencing stress for a long period of time, you will have impairments in memory. It is that simple, so do be kind to yourself. But little bits of stress are good. They actually help you reach peak performance. And we know that having a little bit of an increase in adrenaline after a learning task will actually enhance your learning as well. Now you can also ingest substances to enhance your alertness, things like caffeine. And there’s a growing body of evidence now that shows that having caffeine before a learning task or actually just being a regular caffeine drinker can enhance your learning and memory through a range of different mechanisms in the brain. We know that, for example, if you eat, you are less alert because that’s switching off our fight-or-flight system. So maybe don’t sit down to study after a big meal. There’s also a limit to our alertness as well. So it's still a little bit contentious, but studies have shown that we are constantly going through what we call an “ultradian rhythm.” So about every 90 minutes, we’re going in and out of peak alertness. So the reality is you can’t be 100% alert all the time, and it’s going to be a chunk of about 8 to 30 minutes in the middle there we will be most alert. Now, another thing for alertness is sleep. Yes, if you haven’t been sleeping, then, yes, you won’t be as alert. But sleep is really important for learning for another reason. So sleep serves a really important constellation of functions. So, for example, it resets our immune system, it resets our metabolism, it resets our emotional control, and it even gets rid of the waste that builds up in our brain over the course of the day. But sleep is actually critical for memory consolidation, so for turning short-term memories into long-term memories. There’s a particular part of the brain called the hippocampus, which is important for learning and memory. So when you do stuff throughout the day, your hippocampus is keeping track of that. It’s a bit like a diary. So if I were to ask you what you were doing before you sat down to listen to this talk, you’re using your hippocampus to recall that information. But it only keeps information there for the short term. And when you sleep, all of those short-term memories get flitted off to other parts of the brain, the cortex, and turned into long-term memories. So if you don’t sleep, you can’t turn those short-term memories into long-term memories. And that’s why sleep is so important for learning. That’s why pulling an all-nighter and cramming is the worst thing you can do for study because you are not going to retain that information for the long term. So really, here's what you should do. Make sure you prioritize your sleep before you study, just so you can be a bit more alert, but also really prioritize that study after learning because you will need that to retain Now, the old adage says that practice makes perfect, but there's so much truth to that because repetition is key when it comes to learning. Repetition is key It's not enough to just hear or see something once and expect to remember it forever. Just like exercising builds muscle, repetitive patterns of thinking or doing things will reinforce those pathways and those connections in the brain associated with doing that thing, so it'll become easier to recall. So through the process of neuroplasticity, you’re making these brand-new connections. And that takes energy, requires fatty acids, requires lots of little proteins to be made. It’s a big job. It takes a lot of energy. And the brain’s not going to want to invest all of this energy in creating these new connections if it’s something that you’ve only done once, right? That is why repetition It’s basically flagging to your brain at the cellular level that “Hey, this is the thing that keeps coming up in my life. So in order to be more efficient, I need to reinforce this and do it better.” So here's what you should do. Repeat the thing that you are trying to learn as many times as you can in that learning period, and use the spacing technique. So space your learning out over multiple days so that way your learning has a chance to build on those new long-term memories. We know that two shorter learning periods over different days will result in significantly better learning than using that same amount of time on a single day. Sometimes we can learn things in one go. And this is a thing called “one-trial learning” in psychology and neuroscience. And it basically happens when there’s a really strong emotional component tied to that experience. So, for example, if it makes us really happy or really sad or scared, especially if it makes us afraid, actually, and there’s a really important biological reason for that if you think about it. So your brain wants to remember in exquisite detail everything to do with that scary event. So that way, you know how to respond the next time you encounter it or just so you can avoid it completely. And when things go wrong with that process, you can end up with things like PTSD. Breaks are incredibly important for learning as well. And there are two main reasons for that. So, first of all, it gives our brains a chance to replay that information. It happens completely subconsciously. So, for example, if you were learning a sequence on the piano, then if you were to take a ten-second break afterwards, your brain will actually be brain recording so that you’ll be replaying that sequence, and you’ll be doing it 20 times faster. And it looks like it might be even better if you spend 10 to 20 minutes afterwards either just having a quiet break - no phones, of course - having a nap or doing a round of nonsleep, deep rest. Now, the other reason why breaks are important is because that newly encoded information isn’t very stable. And if you were to use those same networks to learn something else soon afterwards, what will happen is that newly encoded information can be destroyed in a process called “retrograde interference.” And in kids, they stabilize pretty quickly, within a few minutes. But in adults, as far as we know, they’re still unstable after an hour, maybe longer. So here’s what you should do. Make sure you take a 10- to 20-minute break after you finish learning. And if you're at work, well, then just try and do those mundane tasks that you can do without thinking too much and wait at least an hour before trying to learn something similar, preferably do it on a different day. Next, we have mistakes, and I know making mistakes is terrifying. It is really scary, but there’s a biological reason behind that. So that feeling of anxiety and stress you get when you make a mistake, it serves a really important purpose. So when you make a mistake, what happens is you’re releasing neuromodulators like acetylcholine, and you're getting increased activity in your focused attention networks. And that increase in attention and that feeling of anxiety serves a really important purpose. It’s basically saying to us, “Hey, you made a mistake. You need to change and do better and become more efficient.” And it's opening up this window for neuroplasticity. So, whatever happens next, your brain is ready to take in. Now, if you make a mistake and you feel a bit anxious, and you walk away, well, ‘A’, you’re not going to learn that thing, and ‘B’, well, you’re actually learning to be less able to cope with failure. Here’s what you should do. You should set yourself up for a little bit of failure, right? Quiz yourself on that topic as you go. Don’t wait until you’re ready. If you’re learning something - for example, soccer - don’t just kick it straight at the goal. Change the angle. Make it more difficult, so you make mistakes. Don't wait for everything to be perfect before you have a go, because at the end of the day if you make a mistake, you'll be releasing neuromodulators that improve your attention. And if you get it right, you’ll be releasing things like dopamine in your reward circuits, which makes you feel good, which makes you feel more motivated and consolidates the learning of the thing that you just did correctly, right? So that’s why turning our learning into a bit of a game can work so well. It’s a bit of a win-win situation for our brain either way, right? So when you make a mistake, you know, don't view that anxiety as a bad thing. Lean into that feeling and keep going because it's really your brain's way of helping you be your best. It’s helping you be better than the person that you were yesterday. So, as you can see, I’m not angry anymore. I’m still quite nervous. But that’s because by understanding the brain, I know that you have the keys to unlock your potential to learn faster and more effectively. Those keys are attention, alertness, sleep, repetition, breaks, and mistakes. So next time you’re sitting down to learn, get rid of those distractions, increase your attention, increase your alertness, maybe through a little bit of exercise, repeat the thing that you are trying to do as many times as you can in that training period, and repeat it over multiple days, making sure that you prioritize that sleep in between. Embrace your mistakes, and make sure you take a 10- to 20-minute break after learning because your brain is going to thank you. And now I’m going to thank you for your attention, and I hope you learnt something new. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheEnglishSkool [1 likes]: Practical Learning Strategies:

• Before studying: Engage in moderate exercise to boost attention for at least two hours.
• Minimize distractions by turning off phones and avoiding multitasking.
• Use focused attention meditation to strengthen long-term attention capacity.
• Study in short, spaced sessions over multiple days rather than one long session.
• Prioritize sleep to consolidate learning; avoid all-nighters and heavy meals before study.
• Take 10-20 minute breaks after learning sessions; engage in restful or quiet activities.
• Accept and embrace mistakes as part of the learning process; challenge yourself with progressively difficult tasks.
• Incorporate quizzes or self-testing regularly to encourage active retrieval and error-based learning.
  2. @Aqyanoos [1 likes]: How come that no one, not a single person in Europe and America starts a speech with Hello or Good evening....? It's shocking that even here on TED nobody starts with greeting...they all jump into the main topic like the audience might run away 😂
  3. @Mr.Poddaaa [1 likes]: 1. Attention: Our brains are designed to focus on one thing at a time. Frequent context-switching (like scrolling social media) creates attention deficits. You can improve focus through meditation or 20 minutes of moderate exercise (4:04 - 6:50).
2. Alertness: Learning requires alertness, which is tied to our sympathetic nervous system. Small doses of stress or adrenaline, caffeine, and avoiding large meals before study sessions can help. We also naturally cycle through periods of peak alertness every 90 minutes (6:52 - 9:39).
3. Sleep: Critical for memory consolidation. Sleep helps move information from the hippocampus to the cortex for long-term storage. Cramming and pulling all-nighters prevent this process (9:42 - 11:24).
4. Repetition: Because neuroplasticity requires energy, the brain reinforces connections that are used repeatedly. Spacing your learning over multiple days is far more effective than a single long session (11:25 - 13:06).
5. Breaks: Taking a 10–20 minute break after learning allows the brain to subconsciously replay and stabilize new information. This prevents retrograde interference, where new tasks overwrite recent, fragile memories (13:53 - 15:18).
6. Mistakes: Making mistakes triggers the release of neuromodulators that increase attention and prepare the brain for growth. Instead of avoiding them, view mistakes as a signal that the brain is open for rewiring (15:19 - 17:15).
  4. @TonyLuis-b9b [1 likes]: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  5. @video-games-kiddmit: 14:75
  6. @abdurrahman-nu4ce: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  7. @Soccer.King30: 17:20 was kinda disturbing
  8. @RafaelManiquiz: I hate when people always claim that when you get older it will be hard for you to learn blablabla
  9. @paimcfly4800: i failed at attention, coz i was doing some work and all of a sudden ended up watching this video. damn it.
  10. @AnnaDaniel-s1o: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  11. @CalistaCalina-lm4sc: 1. Attention 
2. Alertness
3. Sleep
4.Repeations
5. Breaks
6. Mistakes
  12. @liluaqusao: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  13. @حسینفرکی-غ5ج: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  14. @RamyMarkian: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  15. @AlphonsunokoyePaul: Great job, this video was very useful!
  16. @JosephWalker-q8n: You explained this so well, thank you!
  17. @Aish-m6t1b: Neuroplasticity 
Attention, Alertness, Sleep, Repetitions, Breaks and Mistakes 

1. Exercise: It improves our brain increase the part of the brain for new learning and create new brain cells. 20 mins of moderate exercise improves learning 2 hours. Jogging, run up the stairs 
Alertness – sympathetic nervous system- adrenaline and nor adrenaline 
Breathing, Caffeine, not after big meal, Cold shower, 90 mins altruian rhythm, sleep. Hippocampus is a diary short term flipped into cortex becomes long term through sleep
 2. Focus: Do some focus exercises like meditation 
3. Practice alertness (to improve its 8-30 min cycle)
 4. Sleep: it converts short term memory into long term 
5. Repeat: Repetition is necessary in various stages of learning. Repetitions patterns or doing things will reinforce the pathways. Neuroplasticity – fatty acids, protein. Space the learning over multiple days. 
6. Take breaks (20 min) in between long hours learnings. Replay happens subconsciously. Retrograde – Learning- mundane- wait for 1 hour before learning. Make a mistake – acetylcholine- focused attention – anxiety – you made a mistake. Whatever happens next you are learning. Make mistake 
Emotional learning- afraid – sad – scary event PTSD 
 7. Make mistakes to train your brain to handle new things
  18. @FgvhHjjj-f5b: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  19. @SelamSbhat-l9j: This was super helpful, thanks!
  20. @MominulIslam-p3n: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!

- The Memory Expert: Do You Want A Perfect Memory? WATCH.: Kind: captions Language: en just gone through life telling myself that I just have a bad memory we can turn this into a little master class go ahead so the three keys to a better memory are Jim quick in the house they globally recognize leader in memory improvement training your brain to work better if you want to learn faster you want to retain that information you are in for an absolute treat Google Virgin Nike why are they coming to you they're struggling with distraction memory loss it's affecting their performance their productivity our mind controls all the treasures of our life yet it's not user friendly the reason I'm so passionate about it is because I grew up with a broken brain I was five years old and I had a traumatic brain injury I didn't understand things like everybody else I was being teased pretty bad a teacher pointed to me and said leave this kid alone that's the boy with the broken brain that was the darkest time of my life and in that moment I learned my mission to build better brighter brains memory retention is getting worse and worse we live in an age where the amount of information is doubling at dizzying speed the higher Reliance of technology to store information that you would normally have to store in your brain means that not everybody is exercising those parts keep her memory sharp the other dip in cognitive performance often when people retire they mentally retire the body is not too far behind there's a study done on these nuns they're living 90 and above and because they were learning all the time it had a year to their life surprises a lot of people because they have this thinking that their intelligence is fixed the truth is there's no such thing as good or bad memory there's a trained memory and there's an untrained memory I'm gonna give everybody right now the 10 keys and this is how real transformation happens the boy with a broken brain that's what his teachers called him after Jim had a tragic accident at a young age that left him with a permanent brain injury and he believed it he lived it he embodied that identity he believed he was broken and then because of a chance experience which we can all choose to have right now that limiting belief was unlocked and he realized that the stories we tell ourselves about ourselves about who we are and what we're capable of achieving and what we're capable of doing are exactly that stories I've spent decades telling myself that I have a bad memory so much so that at 30 years old it's just part of my identity and after this conversation I realized I'm wrong if a man like Jim the boy with a broken brain can go from that poor memory low potential self-doubt to being a memory expert and becoming Limitless then that says something about who any of us can become if you want to learn faster if you want to become more persuasive better in business work creativity podcasting whatever it is you do then knowing how to retain important information might just be the key to becoming Limitless that you've been looking for Google Nike they all use gym to improve their team's memory and brain power and today he'll be coaching you for free [Music] Jim before we started recording you used a curious word you said mission yeah what is your mission what is the mission you're on and why is that mission important to you but also to the world our team is small and people but we're big in purpose our mission is to build better brighter brains no brain left behind I feel like we live in the Millennium of the Mind where our mind controls so much in our lives our relationships our health our careers our schooling and uh yet our mind it doesn't come with an owner's manual and it's not user friendly uh yet it's our number one wealth building asset like nobody listening is paid it's not like it was 100 years ago where it's your brute strength today it's your brain strength it's not like it's your muscle power today it's your mind power and I do believe the faster you learn the faster you can earn because knowledge today's not only Power knowledge is profit and I don't just mean Financial that's kind of obvious but it's all the treasures of our life and um the reason I'm so passionate about it is I grew up with a traumatic brain injury as a when I was a child and uh and I just things didn't work for me like everybody else and through those struggles you know I developed some strengths over the years and and I always thought it was interesting that there's no class on focus on concentration on on recall right and so I I put the schoolwork aside because I wasn't getting gains there anyway and I start really focusing on this learning how to learn and so I put my focus in those areas start studying a little bit about adult learning theory I got introduced to uh mnemonics which is you know memory techniques um speed reading the Art and Science of reading for better comprehension understanding and about two months into it a light switch like flipped on and I just started to understand things in school for the first time and it was so pronounced that I felt two emotions I felt like this is awesome because with my grades improving my life improved and I started it started to affect my identity and how I saw myself and how other people saw me but other the other emotion I felt if I'm honest was anger I I was so upset that I spent my entire childhood struggling every single day unsure about myself doubting myself and there were simple things that I could have learned that would have made my life a lot easier and I realized that in school it's not how smart you are it's how are you smart it's not how smart you are how smart your significant other is your kids are your teammates it's how are they smart and and I do believe that that we have this if knowledge is power then learning is our superpower it's the superpower we all have and so from there I couldn't help but help other people and I'm kind of agnostic how it happens whether it's our books or podcasts or YouTube or courses but I want to have a positive impact on people's brains as it relates to memory I think I've that I just have a bad memory you know I'm the type of person that forgets names instantaneously um and I've just I've just come to believe that that's just me right and I I've almost resigned to that so I I'll be honest I don't think I really try that hard anymore because I just think my type of brain is the type of brain that can't retain most information especially if I don't consider it to be important information am I bullshitting myself you are it's complete BS um belief systems if you want to if you want to give it a label BS belief systems I believe our brains are just incredible super computer and our self-talk our thoughts our beliefs are the program it will run so if you tell yourself I'm not good at remembering people's name you will not remember the name and next person you meet because you program your supercomputer not to and it's more than anecdotal I really do believe people at events will see me do these demonstrations they're surprised to hear that grope is learning difficulties and put in special education but before I go on stage people invariably in the lobby pull me aside and the whisper to me when no one's listening Jim I'm so glad you're here I have a horrible memory I'm getting way too old I'm not smart enough and I always say stop if you fight for your limitations you get to keep them if you fight for your limits they're they're yours if people truly understood how powerful our mind is they wouldn't say or think something they didn't want to be true and that's not to say you you have one negative thought it ruins your life any more than eating that one donut will ruin your life but you ate those donuts every single day consistency will compound you know and it'll change the the direction or the destination I have to zoom in there so four years old were you 44 years old when you had a brain injury uh yeah if I was five years old in public school um Elementary School I was Kindergarten here in the states had an accident where I lost my balance and I went head first into the radiator uh separating the window in me there's a lot of blood and there I was I was rushed to the hospital where I really showed up though was my parents said where I was very as a child very energized very like the most kids very playful very curious um very excited I became very shut down my processing issues they said I didn't understand things like everybody else teachers would repeat themselves over and over again and later on when I was nine years old I remember I was being teased pretty bad for slowing down the class and a teacher came to my defense but she pointed to me from the whole class and said leave this kid alone that's the boy with the broken brain and that that really became my identity you know I she was sincere like but she you know like all like she was trying to help but that's all I remembered was like oh I didn't know I had the broken brain and so that became my explanatory schema for everything every single time I did badly in school which was daily I did barely on a test or report or I would say I have the broken brain or if I wasn't picked for sports which was all the time I was just this little kid I would say oh because I have the broken brain and that label became my limit you know it's um you know I do believe that we have to be solely responsible you know for our lives you know so I don't want to say that was a victim but you know we are shaped by our environment by our experiences by our external and uh and that was the that was very that was something that I really struggled with you started the um quick learning in 2001 when you're 28 years old and if you think about the clients you have there I mean I read about a lot of them Google Virgin Nike Etc they clients of yours yeah at the very heart of it the core of it why why are they coming to you what is the benefit the why is you call it yeah that people are seeking I think people tend to come to us because they are they're struggling with distraction with memory loss with uh overload right in anxiety from information anxiety they're drowning information I think people who come to me realize that their ability to learn and translate that learning into action is an incredible competitive Advantage you know in a world where there's lots of distraction there's lots of overload there's lots of technology that will make our life easier but it also in some ways while it's convenient could also [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] us in a way that we're not using our mental faculties as much as just like uh you know my shirt here says use it right it's like use it or lose it it's like our body if I put my arm in a sling for a year it wouldn't grow stronger it wouldn't even stay the same it would atrophy and the high Reliance on technology like using your phone as an external memory storage they call digital dementia it's a new term in healthcare digital dementia is the higher Reliance of technology to store information that you would normally have to store in your in your brain but now that you don't have to do it not everybody is exercising those parts of our brain to keep our memory sharp is there science that shows we have to exercise our brain you know the two biggest uh two dips cognitively in terms of cognitive performance in people's life cycle usually happens when people graduate school because somehow they associate education along with learning they think they're traditional education is over so they're learning is they're not learning right and that could be an unconscious belief but the other dip in cognitive performance is usually when people retire often when people retire out of their career their job sometimes they mentally retire and it's interesting that Once the mind kind of retires the body is not too far behind there's a study done on these nuns I was a longevity study called Aging with Grace great a great title they're living 80 90 and above and they wanted to find out what was uh what was the cause of their longevity and they said half of it was their emotional Faith or gratitude the other half they were lifelong learners and because they were learning all the time on the daily it added years to our life but also life to their years it made the cup the cover of a Time Magazine but I I do really do believe that you know that we have to keep our minds active as much as we have to keep our and keep our bodies active there's a lot of talk and um there is a narrative that says when people they die there's like a a long-held thing where there's a seems to be a startling correlation between when someone retires and then them passing away soon after there's also quite an interesting correlation between elderly couples and when one of them passes away the other one often passes away suspiciously soon after yeah do you think that's linked what you're saying that cognitive sort of stimulation is Central to our physiological longevity yeah I mean this the study aging with Grace you know what would be would be evidence that you want to keep your mind active you know till the day you you die at every age or stage right that you could actually Stave off brain aging challenges much like you know an atrophy of the mind if you will just like you would keep your body active I mean I think most people would have the same understanding if they stop moving their body you know over you know at the retirement years then um you know it lead to probably unfavorable results it's the evolutionary reason for that you know could you take could you have a hypothesis as to why from an evolutionary perspective yeah the body would decide to you know the um everyone we talk about a mind-body connection we hear we hear that a lot you know so the primary reason you have a brain is to control your movement that's the number one reason mammals have brains is to control movement and it's not just a one-way connection that it's um that as yes your brain controls your movement but actually moving actually stimulates different parts of your brain um before I do this podcast I do exercise yes very much so and even and develop I had a we had our firstborn recently a few months ago you know so crawling you know as you look at the study of of brain development that cross lateral is very important even we do that in our events when we do our our brain conferences and such we get everybody standing up and doing these uh the in this area science called educational Kinesiology popularized by brain gym where you have you take one knee as you're standing and lift it and touch it with the opposite hand and you go back and forth it's things that are crossing the midline forces left and right brain communication so you have left brain and your right brain and separated by that is a bridging station called a corpus callosum and by doing these exercises it increases communication between left and right brain and this is an oversimplification left brain is if someone's left brain they're they they're said to be more logical right how do we know how do we know if someone's left brain left brain or right brain yeah how do we know yeah we have we have a couple Assessments in Limitless but you can find it online you know free assessments for brain dominance left and right brain and in there we have multiple intelligence theory a study at a research out of Harvard University by Howard Gardner says that there's not in the U.S in a lot of westernized societies they tend to emphasize two kinds of intelligences verbal linguistic and mathematical here in the states we have the SATs right it's just verbal you know reading comprehension and mathematical Howard Gardner says they're actually not limited to two intelligences and so they're more and each one can be developed and so for example kinesthetic intelligence you know great your great choreographers great dancers athletes um interpersonal intelligence people who have this innate talent that could to relate to people on connect uh visual spatial intelligence people who are incredible graphic artists Architects right musical intelligence it just goes on so um there are these other assessments and I really the reason why I put so many of this in Limitless in our podcast and we created our own assessment uh recently this year we haven't talked about it we're just launching it now called cognitive types and these are I use animals as a metaphor because I think so much of us for happiness for me has always been having the Curiosity to know yourself right that's why you go to therapy or you journal or you meditate or you you know you read about that inter intra personal intelligence self to self as opposed to interpersonal self to others but once you have the Curiosity to know yourself Having the courage to be yourself is a different game too because so many people mitigated you know like their expression of who they are because of looking bad or how people would perceive them and so on but this cognitive type and I'll go back to answer your question we've found in delineate I pulled from you know Myers-Briggs and multiple intelligence theory introvert extrovert ambivert uh lateral thinking styles to realize that they're about four buckets of cognitive types and I used animals to as a metaphor to represent them so this full cognitive types and it what's the acronym sorry her code c-o-d-e c-o-d-e so what does the C stand for so very briefly the C and as you're listening this you could see which one kind of hand raised for yourself even take a snapshot of this and post you know which one you think you are or will we have an assessment online also as well that's free the C is cheetah and these are your your intuitives and you might know you might have someone on your team or your family member that are cheetahs they're fast acting they're just always moving they they they thrive in fast-paced environments right Sophie I reckon that's my assistant Sophie maybe me as well Jack what do you think do you think I'm a cheater fast acting thriving fast-paced environments does that sound like me you think so okay the uh and the O is the is the owl and you might know people the hours often link to logic uh critical thinking they love data uh facts formulas figures right they they lean into that information sounds like Grace Miller on our team Charles we have a data scientist in our team as well very nice yeah Michael as well yeah okay lean into information so that's the owl the D is are your dolphins and your dolphins are your creative Visionaries uh these people love problem solving they love to be creative expression uh create a pattern recognition right they they see patterns that maybe a lot of people don't see as as easily or naturally dolphin so they're the creatives amongst us yes and I think a lot of the future belongs to the creatives you know the creators if you will you're thinking about AI aren't you yeah that's an interesting conversation also as well and finally the E are your elephants and your elephants I chose them because uh I use them as representative symbol for like empathy uh they love collaboration tribes right working team environment so we we created these models because you know yourself right even even in the Matrix when when he's going to see the Oracle and the sign right above in the kitchen was and you know know thyself and then we could be ourselves but one the more you know about yourself and then you have a way of filtering the world and then not being judgmental of yourself or even others is just how people are organized you know some people are just right-handed or they're left-handed right they have certain preferences and so these are it can help you inform you based on like yourself if you're if you know like you thrive in certain environments and then we give you know in the report careers that you would excel in and this is kind of obvious right if somebody's creative certain career paths what if you're a couple of these things yeah so we have when you go through it there's a primary and there's a secondary you know and so the these are usually I mean very very few people because we have all the back end stats we have you know is is completely even 25 and so on but we usually have a place where if I ask everybody to write their name on a piece of paper you could do that but if I ask you to switch hands and un below it write your first and last name below that that second time is gonna feel it's gonna take longer it's gonna feel awkward and the quality is probably not going to be as good as the first one and have you ever been in a situation where you're learning something and it's a subject you're you're interested in but for some reason you're just not getting it because you're just not connecting with the instructor it's kind of like the way that they prefer to teach is different than the way you prefer to learn and it's like you're two ships in a night and you're passing each other and there's no there's no connection yeah that's there and so it feels like you're learning with the opposite hand so what happens it takes longer the quality is not as good it feels a little weird and uncomfortable so I feel like when you know what your strengths are you can lean into it and then further refine it and we get people suggestions if they want to improve areas that they're not as strong in to be able to boost that but this is weighted right because because you named a couple of those there and I thought you know I'm probably a cheater I've got a little bit of a elephant in me as well no pun intended and I you know I like to think I can be a dolphin once in a while so they can express each other in different contexts also as well you know and it's it's nice to have uh a level of cognitive flexibility you know and because that increases your learning agility it's one of the things that we teach in Limitless is uh as six thinking hats it's uh created by Edward de Bono and it's this idea that if you are facing a decision or difficulty or a dilemma in your life one of the reasons why we can't always think our way out of something is because we see something from a set point of view and what six thinking hats does it gives you permission to step out of yourself and try on another lens meaning imagine this table here has six color hats right yeah and I want everybody to think about who's listening or watching this right now a decision you need to make or difficulty doesn't have to be like life and death but it's just something that you know that where to live I'm thinking about that's perfect where to live and then you have these hats so the first hat is the white hat I'm in no specific order so imagine you're reaching out and you're putting on the the white hat okay right and the white hat and I'll give you a mnemonic because I'm the memory guide to help you remember what each one symbolizes the white hat imagine a white scientist's lab coat like a white lab coat that's data that's information that's facts right so now you can only look at the situation or this decision tree through the ACT Through The Eyes of logic okay sorry all right I'm doing that now so me and my partner are actually looking for someone to live at the moment and we're we've been looking it was really about which area to live in in London or maybe we'll live in Portugal or maybe Dubai so we're kind of trying to figure that out okay so I've got my white hat on and my lab coat and I can only think about logic surprise I'm thinking about is it a good time to buy what's the graph saying I'm thinking about renting versus buying commute and travel and amenities that are thought yeah that would be all the factual and then so you could take off the white hat and now look for the red hat so you grab the red hat you put it on and the red hat is symbolizes heart is emotions so this is where you're going more with your gut you're feeling you're putting logic aside and just like what what feels right for you her family lives in Portugal so that's the first thing that came to mind when you said about feelings of being close to family yeah absolutely and this is this is good I hope everyone's doing this also so you take off the red hat and you could put on let's say the the black hat and the black hat think of a judge's robe and the judge's robe this is where you get a little bit you could be judgmental you could look at the the risk or the or the uh The Devil's Advocate you could look at the the other side you know in terms of what could go wrong you know like you might hate living there you know you know the places we're considering we've never lived in before so what if we buy a place and then we immediately don't like it maybe we should stay where we are not by anywhere maybe interesting the housing market will collapse and it'll be such a bad investment that will will regret it so you're shining a spotlight so the idea here is that the information is out there but where are we choosing to put a spotlight and acknowledge and be aware of so you could take off the Black Cat and we're doing this abbreviated right and then uh look for like the Yellow Hat you put on the yellow hat and the yellow is like the sun and that's like optimism and this is like all the things opposite of the the black hat going wrong what could go right like the upside and even you know and even all those things are just named we'll figure it out yeah we'll figure it out if we live there we can always move somewhere else and um we'll make it work and Dubai's lovely it's hot yeah so is Portugal nice and those are four hats and the last two take off the yellow hat and find their green hat and so you put on the green hat and the green is possibility it's like New Growth if you look at the plants that are green imagine new new foliage new new growth and these are like maybe thinking outside the box like maybe it's not I go to you know I go to this job or this job maybe it's I go back to school or maybe it's something I'm not entertaining so that's possibility so that would be in the context of me moving house what is that that's yeah the possibility of so if it was like between this and this it could be like a choice three or Choice four or third option so maybe we'll try America or we'll try another place to live in the world or maybe we'll just Airbnb in all these places and we can live in all of them yeah okay so that would be green and then finally the last hat so it could be done in any order but the blue hat is always you end with so put on the blue hat and the blue imagine the sky overlooking everything it's kind of like the uh the manager Hut it listens to all the conversations with all the other color hats and then it helps you make a decision because it informs because here's the thing you can only make decisions based on what's in your conscious awareness and so many people live with a certain hat on like 24 7. they are just that logical facts prove it to me and they see through a certain lens but if they're not you know looking at the emotional context or other possibilities or with the downside of you know Branson's very good at that right he's very good at looking at everyone looks at him as very very risky you know like you know do all these crazy things but he's you know you have conversations with him he looks at like from the blackout look in terms of risk management right and and many gaining the downside and so like but if you just looked at everything through the Yellow Hat investing optimistic you think everything's in the Bitcoin everything's going to be good and you go on that and you're ignoring the other points of view and so this allows you to have more information and so hopefully with that more information you can make a more a wiser Choice with something and that's kind of you literally recommend people in chapter 15 of this book to buy multi-colored hats this is um if you wanted to be able to do that we could do this we do this with our team where we'll go through with our team and say either one of two things as a team building exercise or like we're facing this you know initiative we're launching a new book or we're doing this whatever uh like a social media challenge or whatever and we'll have people like everyone put on the same color hat metaphorically like literally physically go like this and put it as if you know so they get their body into it also and we're all looking at it through the same point of view or we'll assign different hats for different people and we'll have this big kind of you know court case and conversation and now the rule is you have to talk as if you're from that you know point of view and that allows us to get outside of ourselves it's similar to Innovation where there's a there's a book called the structure of Scientific Revolution it's not not really fun read but the the essence of it is a lot of innovation uh and progress comes from people outside of that industry because it takes somebody from the outside to have a different lens or hat to that didn't have the same learned helplessness and taught the same limitations of how things should have been done so maybe an Elon outside saying well if we're gonna make a car today with today's technology how would we go about doing that instead of doing just incremental improvements on you know what they have existing right and I think you ask a new question and you get a new answer and part of these you know 60 000 thoughts we have a lot of them are informal questions but all those questions getting a shining a light we have something called a reticular activating system which we talk about a lot that the brain primarily is a deletion device deletion deletion is where we're trying to keep information out yeah like because if we let everything in overload yeah of course that would be that way and you'd be stressed right and so we're primarily but what we let in we have part of our nervous system called the RAS that determines this is important to us so if you're going around in the city and somebody shouts out your name you're going to turn around even if you know logically you don't know that person but you're wired your Ras is wired for your name right because and think about how it got there it's probably one of the first words you learned how to be able to write and and say and and how much praise you I mean how much love is associated to be able to your identity around a name but also what also helps us to channel our Ras in terms of our Focus are the questions we ask so a part of the book I talk about a dominant question that I believe that everybody has a question that they ask more than any other question and that question could determine a lot of your focus and because your focus determines how you feel what you do and what you're experiencing life and the results so for example a friend of mine you know we talked about this dominant question we found out her dominant question the ones he's thinking about consciously or even unconsciously throughout the day is how do I get people to like me and now you don't know her career what she looks like you know what you don't know anything about her but you probably could guess a lot of things about her if somebody was obsessed with answering the question how do I get people to like me what would you say her personality is like insecure very she's a a martyr a lot of people take advantage of her some people call it a sycophant or a people pleaser maybe her personality and I've seen this Dynamic changes depending on who she's spending time with you know because she likes whatever they like and does whatever they do so you don't know anything about her but you know a lot about her and you only know one question she asked herself you know I'd use the story with Will Smith in the book I help a lot of actors to you know um remember their lines or be focused on set or speed read their scripts or whatever we're in Toronto and they're shooting uh we're training during the day doing some brain training at night they're shooting 6 p.m to 6 a.m and it's very cold it's February Winter Toronto at night and a lot of people think it's very glamorous Hollywood but a lot of it as you know it's very hurry up and just wait right this is waiting all the time and it's an outdoor shoot and his family happens to be visiting and they're all just watching the monitors and there's a big break and during that they he brings them he makes out chocolate and brings it to him to all of us right even though there's a crew that would do that he's there um cracking jokes and and telling stories because we realized that his dominant question earlier that day is how do I make this moment even more magical he asked that unconsciously wherever it came from how do I make this moment magical and I realized that he was living that question his dominant question which determines the dominant thoughts and actions for me I grew up with a broken brain so I was like I didn't have answers so I was like how do I be invisible and for years I would just like shrink down and get sick psychologically before I had to take a test so I get to go to the nurse instead of having to perform but later I switched it to like how do I fix this and then my dominant question ended up being how do I make this better and I'm obsessed you and I were talking before we started recording this idea of being the best version of yourself and at some level you must have thoughts or a defining question that says how do I make this better because that's probably because how do I convince the world that I'm enough oh I think that's probably that's definitely what the dominant question started with in my life now it's not that as much and I look at my behavior as evidence so I don't look at my words because I think my words and my thoughts have often deceived me going back but I look at my behavior and the choices I make and they seem to be more intrinsically motivated than extrinsically motivated so they seem to be more about doing things for me not for the approval of someone outside of me is there something that's more recent or was there some inciting something that kind of put you on that where you went for how do I prove to the world I did the things that I thought would prove it oh yeah and you know it's interesting because I I've never really talked about this before but I know a lot of people close to me that grew up with that feeling of like they didn't feel like they were enough and so they committed the next with a decade of their life to proving that they were in some way whether it's business Sports Athletics often to their parents whatever and this might be wrong but my observation is they had to do that and then have the evidence let them down or they had to do that in order to kind of change the question so it's funny because you'd hate to say to someone listen the only way you're gonna believe that you are actually enough is if you go and become really really successful right and then you can stop buying all that stuff you don't actually like and stop showing off or whatever you that's the only way you're going to be able to do it but that seems to be the case for a lot of my friends that are I've got one friend that's the son of a billionaire he went and built a billion dollar business himself and until he did he was one of the most insecure materialistic superficial people I've ever met and then once he had built that tremendous business and established his own identity kind of gotten out of his father's Shadow then he sold all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he sold everything he sold the nine sports cars he sold the house just wears all black now doesn't seem to give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore and I and I I can kind of relate without making a billion I can kind of relate to what he's saying um or that experience I think my question changed uh um what is my potential hmm that seems to be my dominant question yeah and I would invite everybody everybody has a question and not only for yourself because you just just sometimes we're silent or we're under stress we realize that those questions come out of us we start asking questions um and you know especially if we're face difficulty and we go mine is like how do I fix this or how to make it better some people because some people ask questions like you know why can't I do this or why why don't I why can't I ever have this whatever it is and they're getting answers that aren't very supportive right it's this equivalent when people read and they want to understand more of what they read right A lot of people read a page in a book get to the end and just forget what they just read or not even understand it because they didn't have any questions to begin with and so I think that a lot of times we get used to just listening to a podcast or watching a YouTube or reading a book and then we feel like our lives are different because of just that process and I just want to remind everybody for every hour you spend listening to a podcast I would challenge everybody to spend an equal hour putting that into play and one of the ways you could do that as you're listening something is ask yourself three dominant questions for me or is how can I use this so I I'm obsessed with this question how can I use this you know because then I start saying there's the answer there's an answer there's an answer second question why must I use this because common sense is not common practice your listeners have probably forgotten more about life-changing transformation Health Wellness business that most people in their lives come across that's just the truth right they're probably like why are you always watching you know Steve's podcasts and videos and all this stuff you know because sometimes family and friends don't want to lose you and they want to kind of keep you in a certain place and and but if you ask yourself why must I use this and you get into head heart and then hands then you have this incredible purpose and drive and then another question I ask besides how can I use this why must I use this is when will I use this I think one of the most important productivity Performance Tools we have is our calendar but you'll see people will schedule investor meetings they'll schedule team calls sales meetings whatever doctor's appointments but they're not always scheduling their execution of things that they read from that business book or something that they watched and so I just want to encourage everybody that you know it's better is better well done than well said you know and and the practice what we post and the way we do it is I think the life we live are the lessons we teach others the life we live are lessons we teach because you're absolutely right that people could say something but that does it's better to show it you know it's not and one thing the promises it's another to prove it right you know especially in the in the world that we are today quick one before we get back to this episode just give me 30 seconds of your time two things I wanted to say the first thing is a huge thank you for listening and tuning into the show week after week means the world to all of us and this really is a dream that we absolutely never had and couldn't have imagined getting to this place but secondly it's a dream where we feel like we're only just getting started and if you enjoy what we do here please join the 24 of people who watch this channel regularly and have hit the Subscribe button means more than I can say and if you hit that subscribe button here's a promise I'm gonna make to you I'm gonna do everything in my power to make this show as good as I can now and into the future we're going to deliver the guests that you want me to speak to and we're going to continue to keep doing all of the things you love about the show thank you thank you so much back to episode I've been thinking a lot about this in um in the book that I've been writing coming out soon called The Diary of a CEO 33 laws um for business and life and in chapter one which is law one of the book I was playing around with this idea of Knowledge and Skills and all of these things and the relationship they have between them and really was trying to find advice for young people that want to get to a point where they have reputation and a big Network and lots of resources right and I was trying to figure out the order so I almost visualized it like five buckets in the first bucket I wrote down as knowledge that's the first one right and these are sequential buckets so they go from you know this is bucket one and then once you fill that bucket when you apply knowledge it turns into a skill and then once you have knowledge and applied knowledge which I call skill then you'll get these other things then you'll get resources you'll get a network and you'll get a reputation but it's those first two buckets you can't have skills without knowledge really and knowledge is certainly the first one but just having knowledge and alone without that applied skill without that applied knowledge which we call a skill you'll never get the reputation the resources and the network and the only two buckets that no one ever can take from you the only two buckets that anyone can never unfill is the knowledge bucket and also the skill bucket people can take away your reputation they can take away your resources they can take away your network but they can never unfill these two buckets and these two buckets are the first two buckets which go on to fill the other three um and that's why I think more recently in my life I've I've become obsessed with learning am I a great learner no I don't think I am because I sit here you know I sit here with the greatest Minds in the world and I remember very little of it and it's funny as you were saying I was like I've been thinking this over the last couple of weeks I've never really shared this with anybody but I thought gosh you're in such a privileged position to get to meet all these incredible people I should be like a human Encyclopedia of information and wisdom and I don't think I don't think I am you know I meet people that are I sit here with them I think you're one of them I give this guy is everything and he's remembered everything he knows the names of studies and he can recall name I can barely recall names of people so I'm like where where do I start because look I'm in a privileged position meeting all these wonderful people and our listeners are too if anyone's you know loyal to this podcast you're like me I actually wrote something down as you're speaking I was thinking what we need to do here at the diver CEO after the episode ends is we need to set the audience some homework yeah and what I mean by that is say Okay Jim said these three core ideas after the episode I want you to go and Implement them and then I want you to like tag me on social media of you implementing them the action after the episode and share it with me and that's what I think we should all do because then not only are we going to listen yeah we're going to learn and those are two very different things yeah and I feel also when we teach something we get to learn it twice meaning you share that with your friends your family your followers your fans it takes advantage of something called the explanation effect the explanation effects says that when you learn something with the intention of explaining it to somebody else you're going to learn it much better and that's kind of obvious right if you you know if we talked about speed reading or the best brain foods or changing your habits optimizing your sleep the kind of things that we specialize in and somebody listening had to give a tedx talk about it the following week would they focus better they would have a better concentration would they take more notes when they ask more post more questions online right they would own that information and so I think that learning with the intention of teaching helps you to be able to certainly learn it better I mean that that's even how you could even use uh you could explain it to somebody I mean the whole Richard Feynman method was you know take this difficult subject Neuroscience quantify whatever it happens to be like social media marketing Ai and explain it to me as if I am a six-year-old you know right and that can you know and I can open up a whole thing with with this conversation in terms of artificial intelligence you know and creatives but I really feel like all these tools are there to augment I don't even think it's artificial intelligence for me it's obviously machine learning but it's it's augmented intelligence and I'm thinking like how do I use this tool like I would use a book or computer in the internet whatever to AI to enhance hi like human intelligence I'm very interested in that people I think mean you know the framing technique well but I when I came across it it really was a game changer for me because it explained why I'm some I have good comprehension on certain subject matter and then I'm quite loose on others um could you explain it in a simple way I know you have a you speak to a version of it in the book but for anybody that isn't aware of that technique so the idea here is any anyone can make things more complex but the the idea is when you really understand something you could simplify it in a way that makes it usable for the end result right and and not only the end result but the process of learning it so meaning I I love reading the Neuroscience papers and having deep conversations and I think where where if we have had any level of success is Translating that in a way to people where it's conversational where they see the relevance in their daily lives in the application and uh and and as results oriented and how does that impact our ability to to learn the subject this Fryman technique because stage one is of the fireman technique from what I remember is you learn something and then stage two is I believe you simplify it and then you share it and then if you can't share it to the six-year-old you go back to learning it right and that that's a great synapses of it and I would say that so how how it builds so every single time you have a new there's a Oliver Wendell Holmes quote that says a person's mind one stretched by a new idea never regains its original dimensions and so when we have so neuroplasticity happens when we experience novelty so we learn a new idea or something happens in our environment it's neuroplasticity allows learning it allows adaptation it even allows recovery from traumatic brain injury right it like I had these deficiencies if we calm that and I was able to compensate by creating workarounds like somebody would do in in some kind of program you know and then you start building paths another way of neuroplasticity it's kind of like if I walked through a field and there are lots of bushes you know I walked through it once and I didn't know not much changes but if you take that path and you reinforce it through repetition or space repetition interval training then all of a sudden it becomes more of a path and eventually becomes a road and it becomes a highway and we've made that connection so I like I like pulling on things that are natural as as metaphors but we learn through metaphors because all of learning is taking something you don't know and connecting it to something you do know people say learning is repetition like they just say do just say it loads does that work it it does but when we're looking at methodology repetition the problem with repetition and certainly it leads it gets a result it's rote learning it's like when the when the churches started universities and how people would teach would be the teacher or Professor would say a fact and to the class and the class would repeat it and then the teacher would say it again and the class would repeat it and so I'm making on video if you're watching this a circular motion like rote like rotary like a rotary club their symbol is a wheel the first half of the wheel is a teacher saying the fact the second half of the wheel is the class repeating the fact and you do that 50 times and then you build that pathway and you have quote-unquote learning the problem with that is it takes so much time and now we live in an age where the amount of formations it's like doubling at dizzying speed right there's more information today in the newspaper than somebody in the 17th century ever came across in their whole life right when you think about also blogs and social media and podcasts it's just like it's overwhelming so we can't be learning the same ways okay so I've got a book coming out as I said and there's 33 laws and I've been saying to myself listen you're gonna at some point start really promoting this book um so you need to memorize all 33 laws yeah like I actually don't need to yeah I mean so I need to remember what am I doing with my life 30 these 33 laws um I need to remember basically what the law is and then the gist of it yeah how would you help me do that I could do that heartbeat okay let's let's turn this into coaching and we we could we could use um just content that everyone could relate to because I don't know how much of the laws you want to share or how much you have insurance on top um okay so the method I'm going to share with you I call it Pi p-i-e that three ingredients for a better memory P stands for place we remember things based on where we put it like you put your keys in a certain spot each time you you're always going to find it because it's organized right you forget someone's name you ask yourself where do I know the person sometimes the context gives you the content so that's a place as a place to store the information the I is imagine we remember things better that we could see and imagine meaning um I bet as difficult as names are to remember you remember faces yeah so many people remember faces because you're more of your visual more of your brain is dedicated towards your visual cortex and takes up more real estate so we tend to remember things we see better than what we hear um so you see the face and you go to someone you know I remember your face but I forgot your that's me every day of my life never go to somebody say the opposite you never go say I remember your name but I forgot your face I wrote people inside hi nice to see you and then I realized I didn't remember their name well what help you with that okay so here here we go so the I is imagine we tend to remember what we see there's a proverb that says what you hear you forget what you see you remember what you do you understand what you hear you heard the name you forgot it but you see you remember you saw the face remember face so what you could see and we think in pictures when like when you got on an airplane it doesn't say no longer to say no smoking fasten your seat belts there's just pictures and we think in pictures the picture is worth a thousand words so you want to imagine those pictures and the Ian pie entwine entwine is where you're connecting and Twine means to associate or to connect and what are you connecting the p and the I the place in the image so let me give you an example five buckets low number one right yeah yeah and we could do the we could do the five buckets also um I was gonna teach these people do quickly 10 things that they could do to upgrade their brain let's do your 10 things but certainly we could apply this towards buckets too um all right so there are so are our we're blessed that the the book was heavily endorsed by like the Cleveland Clinic Center for brain health the founding director there one of the top Alzheimer's research at a harbor Dr Rudy tansy and when I speak at these organizations we know that about one-third of your brain performance your memory is predetermined by genetics two-thirds is in your control um they say the metaphor is that for example Alzheimer's and this is like we donated a lot of the proceeds to alzheimer's research for for our book is in memory of my grandmother they say that your genetics will load the gun but your lifestyle will fire it right it kind of kind of makes sense and it's not like all metaphors they're not absolute they're not absolutes but there's an idea to connect something you don't know to something you you know so going to this um two-thirds I'm going to give everybody right now the 10 Keys as you know it in the book but I'm going to show you how to memorize them but what I liked it to do whether or not people memorize them or not and I find that people will be able to do it pretty easily and effortlessly is at least rate yourself 0 to 10 how much energy and effort and tension are you putting towards this area because everyone wants to know the one thing they could do for an incredible memory there's just not there's not a magic pill but there is a process right so we'll go through them fast number one good brain diet so everyone on a scale of 0 to 10 10 being the best how much energy attention time are you putting towards a good brain diet so there's certain foods that are very neuroprotective and I would also say I'm not a doctor or nutritionist everyone's bio individual so do allergy testing do functional medicine testing in terms of microbiome test nutrient profile food sensitivity so everyone's a little different in general some of my favorite brain foods avocados the monounsaturated fat is good for the brain blueberries I like to call them brain berries very neuroprotective broccoli good for your brain olive oil good for the brain if your diet allows eggs the choline and eggs is good for cognitive Health green leafy vegetables like kale and spinach and now again some people are allergic to kale so that wouldn't be for you another one I would say uh wild sardines or like wild wild salmon or sardines like your brain is mostly fat so those fish oils turmeric is a great brain food meaning it helps to lower inflammation you can use that while you're cooking walnuts everybody's just waiting for you to say chocolate yeah here you go walnuts and dark chocolate dark chocolate not milk chocolate so those are some of the brain foods so zero to ten on the other side that's not so good processed you know thing foods high sugar what does it do to the brain so sugar is highly addictive right you've had guests on you're probably talking about how it's more addictive than a lot of drugs right there are certain things that are not good for the brain and I I don't know again people like we've had on our podcast or we've interviewed for the book like people like Dr Dr Mark Hyman Dr Daniel Amen you know sugar alcohol marijuana certain things so just certain things like alcohol could some people say they use it to help them sleep but there's a difference between getting knocked out and actually getting good deep sleep getting good REM sleep uh sleep is just personal focus of mine but sure is highly addictive not good A lot of people are also hyper you know the ADHD the hyper Behavior a lot of times you could eliminate sugar but in the U.S schools it's tough you know we're having vending machines there with all the pop and the sodas and the just yeah but to get through the list zero to ten how good is your diet number two and I'll go through these fast killing ants uh ants uh killing ants actually a claim to be proven to be good for your brain ants I get this from Dr Daniel Amen automatic negative thoughts remember we talked about the the power of your thoughts and just keeping it even if you say I don't have a great memory just add a little word like yet at the end it just changes you know the potentiality of that statement um so in zero to ten how encouraging uh optimistic um are your are your thoughts and those beliefs number three in no specific order again is exercise okay there's so much research talking about the power of movement and the brain when you move by the way studies show that when you listen to your podcast when people are listening to this podcast and they happen to be doing something rhythmic going for a nice walk with the dogs or on an elliptical they'll actually understand the information and retain it better when your body moves your brain grooves just remember that when your body moves your brain grooves when you move your body you create brain derived neurotropic factors bdnf which is like fertilizer for the brain it's like fertilizer promoting neuroplasticity number four brain nutrients and this is I always prefer people get it from Whole you know their own foods but you know I again you could get so much data nowadays you could do a nutrient profile because if you're lacking if your vitamin D levels are low you're not going to perform your brain's not going to perform at its best you know if you're not getting your Omega-3s your brain is mostly you know made out of fat or dhas your vitamin C your vitamin B's everyone comes here and talks to me about Bloody vitamin D and Omega three yeah everybody says the same two things supplements work for that do supplements work for vitamin D quality supplements yeah you know I would again prefer people get it from sunlight and prefer people get it from natural sources like everything fish or whatever time I don't go out in the sunlight enough I need to fix that yeah you've had guests talking about the power of sunlight first thing in the morning to reset their circadian rhythm to help them sleep you know for me in the morning I try to do I try to get the elements in my life so I think about thousands of years ago they thought the four elements made up of made everything up that you see so it's like you know in Babylonian times in Greek times you know four elements of air water fire and Earth and so like I don't know I take this approach in the morning you don't have to biohack everything you can do for free go out there outside and get some Earth get your feet on the ground right really simple to do um and just to feel more grounded and more connected and there's also and I think an energetic and people talk about pulse electromagnetic fields and everything but I don't know I feel more grounded when I just walk in the grass simple thing people could do and then I'm thinking about air I could do my my my deep breathing or some people do fire breathing Alpha breathing Wim hop breathing first thing in the morning clear the cobwebs of the night and then some water drink some water or take your cold shower you get to integrate it however whatever your morning routine is and then fire is the is the sunlight for me you know first first thing in the morning but I just find that any of the biohacking stuff and people follow me on Instagram you know I have my toys and everything else they're just to mimic nature you know a lot of the times you know the the red lights and the the the the cold plunges and all that all that stuff Nature Point number five is a clean environment yeah so after brain nutrients zero to ten rating yourself five is a clean environment and I this is for everything and including the quality of the air that you're breathing some you know like I had somebody on our podcast talking about the neurotoxins and brand new carpets or Furniture you know in terms of what they're sprayed with um and the off-gassing that comes from it and how it could have a Toxic effect you know on on your brain you wrote air pollution is a massive and underrated health risk they um they cause up to 30 percent of all Strokes life expectancy is appreciably lower in cities than in the countryside even accounting for differences in wealth and lifestyle yeah I mean we saw we sorted through a number of research in talking about air pollution of water pollution also as well um you know in terms of the CERN residues that happens to be in in whether it's in tap water or what have you or some people are concerned about Plastics that come from bottles um also as well and other people are concerned about we've had a couple episodes uh talking about emfs you know just the how does that impact my brain though I don't think we know you know all I know is that the brain hasn't changed a lot in the past hundred thousand years but technology certainly has and you know and we we talk about you know these these videos that we make about morning routine and evening routines and millions of views just simple things like don't touch your phone the first 30 minutes of the day or the last 30 minutes of the day something's so simple and then Seven's brain protection brain protection so clean environment even just cleaning your desktop you know your external world is a reflection of your internal world are making your bed just helps you get how you do anything is how you do everything um numbers number sorry that was number six yeah number seven is is sleep so very concerning with sleep and and brain performance we know when you don't sleep how's your thinking the next day you know how's your ability to solve problems how's your ability to focus remember things when you sleep if you have long-term memory issues get a sleep study done that's where you consolidate short to long-term memory is during sleep when you sleep the sewage system in your brain kicks in um because as you know energy to do so also as well and your brain doesn't it's not it doesn't stop at night if anything it's it's sometimes in ways more active it's consolidating short to long-term memory it's cleaning out beta amyloid plaque that can lead to brain aging challenges often a lot of the studies show that with a lot of disease there's a kind of a sleep deficiency component also as well sometimes I'll wear a device to monitor it because it's not that people ask the quantity of sleep what's the perfect amount seven eight nine hours it's absolutely not the quantity it's the quality of your deep sleep and your REM sleep your deep sleep you can imagine is where you're recovering your body your REM sleep is where you're restoring your your mind so some seven is sleep zero to ten you know how much Focus energy attention are you putting towards it we've done Stress Management which we talked about how stress impacts the brain um we talked about sleep there we've talked about yeah yeah the last three really quickly are uh protect your brain yeah wear a helmet zero to you know your brain's very resilient but it's very fragile so I get to work with a lot of sports figures that have post concussions or tbis yeah you know and so we have protocols for for that and obviously see a doctor uh zero to ten rate yourself new learnings is Big we talked about the power of learning novelty and for me reading reading is to your mind what exercises your body I think it's the best people that you get all fancy apps and everything else I think look someone who has Decades of experience like yourself or your guests and they put into a book and you can sit down and read that book in a few days you can download decades into days that's the biggest Advantage right and reading is incredible exercise for your mind especially the way we we teach it and then finally Stress Management which you mentioned you know zero to ten how well are you mitigating stress and coping with stress What mechanisms and tools uh rituals or practices do you have you know my go-to is meditation a quick word on heal as you know they're a sponsor of this podcast and I'm an investor in the company and I have to say it's moments like this in my life where I'm extremely busy and I'm flying all over the place and I'm recording TV shows and I'm recording shows in America and here in the UK that heal is a necessity in my life I'm someone that regardless of external circumstances or professional demands wants to stay healthy and nutritionally complete and that's exactly where heel fits in my life it's enabled me to get all of the vitamins and minerals and nutrients that I need in my diet to be aligned with my health goals while also not dropping the ball on my professional goals because it's convenient and because I can get it online in Tesco in supermarkets all over the country if you're one of those people that hasn't yet tried Hill or you have before but for whatever reason you're not a real consumer right now I would highly recommend giving huel a go and Tesco have now increased their listings with huel so you can now get the RTD ready to drink in Tesco expresses all across the UK how is our gut linked to our brain you know people often on this podcast have said to me that there's a really significant link between the two yeah they call your your gut your second brain right and so there's a lot of neurotransmitters there you create a lot of your uh your serotonin there also as well what you eat matters especially for your gray matter which we matters especially for your gray matter there's a lot of microbiome tests also that you could test for food sensitivity that exists in the market you know we had Naveen Jane on our podcast and he has a company called biome and they do that test you know also as well but it shows you green yellow red you know Green you could eat pretty much as much as you want of it yellow eat it sparingly and Mild red ideally avoid but um but imagine your gut is kind of like the roots of a plant that's feeding this the stem and the stock and the flowers of your brain so what you want to eat it should nourish you because you are what not only you are what you eat you are what you absorb frankly and so gut health is is extremely important that's why you know we talk about the power of probiotics for people you know that taken on uh maybe they do it first thing in the morning but good bacteria my friend turned around to me this weekend only stag do I was at and he said because we were talking about a book we'd read and he said to me does it matter that I don't read he doesn't read yeah he's dyslexic um I think he struggles with reading a little bit yeah and he asks me does it matter that I don't read yeah she's not interested in it so we could consume information however we consume it Some people prefer to read it Some people prefer to watch it some people prefer to listen to it and we all have different styles because in your book chapter 14 it says there is a direct relationship between our ability to read and our success in life readers enjoy better jobs higher incomes and greater opportunities yeah I I do believe so if people have seen photos of me with Oprah or Elon or these individuals you know people invariably ask you know how did you connect how did you we bonded over books you know you and I were geeking out over some of our favorite sci-fi books right and then you know he brought me into the SpaceX I did training for their their rocket scientists but it was um leaders or readers you know you read to succeed you know I talked about earlier that someone's decades experience and they read it you could read in a few days you could download decades into days it's a huge Advantage right and they say Warren Buffett reads 500 pages a day um so you want to read to succeed because you know you learn from other people's experiences you don't want to spend the same time money trouble stress from from somebody else now now I have my reading has changed you know for four years I read a book a day because I was just so most people don't read because they're not good at it so if I'm not very good at golf see so like you don't find me on the courses on the links too very much because I'm not very good at it so I don't really want to do it and most people don't read because they're not good at it because reading is a skill and like all skills they can be developed through training but when's the last time you took class called reading how old were you when you took a class called not a college literature Club but a reading class yes so most people are still reading like they're seven or six so the difficulty in demand has increased a whole lot but how people read it is from the last time they they learned it and people think just because they've been doing something for so long they're better at it that's absolutely not true right somebody even somebody's the other day said I have 30 years of experience in sales I'm like and then but if you talk to them you're like not really with the results he has like one year of experience that's he's repeated 30 times there's a difference between growth and somebody's just kind of stalled right and same thing with reading if you're just doing the same thing just because you're doing the same that's like typing if I'm typing with two fingers there's a cap in terms of how far and if you're doing this for 30 years or three years it doesn't matter you're only going to reach a certain point as opposed to people using more other faculties now I know people who are listening in Mass could triple their reading speed right not have everything like I can't how do I triple my reading speed so okay so what I teach is not traditional speed reading traditional speed reading is more associated with skimming scanning skipping words getting the gist what you read you know we train a lot of wealth managers and and doctors you don't want your doctor to get the gist of what she reads right so you want to be able to retain it so there's smart reading so most of the time when we when we have students in every country in the world online through our Academy we kind of build like a Khan Academy but instead of for math it's for Accelerated learning reading memory and so on so on average people with triple their reading speed how do you do it well I'll give you a couple of tips because there's different training is different than a tip right like we have time for a couple of quick tips doing a training would be skill acquisition and and but um if you allow like there's a link in my Instagram I put in for this public and there's a free one hour Master Class people could double their reading speed and bring whatever book they want and go for it and it's it's there did you say most of your your clients triple their reading speed on average it's about triple yeah at reading speed so so reading is very it's very measurable um now there's an upward cap like some people like think you could read 20 000 words a minute the average person reads about 200 words a minute on average you know and so um now by the way when you read it doesn't make if you can't understand a subject reading it faster is not going to help right if you if you don't if you don't if you don't understand Arabic speed reading is not gonna if you don't understand nuclear physics and reading it faster is not going to help right so there's there you need to you're not going to read any faster than you can understand but um I'll give you everyone a couple quick tips um number one when you're reading most people lose focus right and that slows them down their eyes Go in different places and so if you use a visual Pacer when you read you'll read faster what do I mean by visual Pacer if you're watching on video I'm using my fingered underline or a pen or a highlighter a mouse on a computer will help you to read faster and and don't believe everything I'm saying test this so what I would do is after this conversation grab a book that you're reading put a mark in the margin where you start and just read how you would normally read and time yourself on your phone for 60 seconds and then pick up where you left off give yourself another 60 seconds but this time just underline the words don't touch the screen if you're reading online or don't touch the book but just just go back and forth and a rhythm that's comfortable for you and then count the number of lines you read the second time that second time on average will be 25 to 50 faster and most people will say after they practice a little bit you know like practice for a few days that their understanding is actually better people feel more in touch with their reading I'll tell you why number one as hunter gatherers we are visual creatures that's our survival right if you are you have to look at what moves so if your finger is moving you're going to follow the visual Pacer because it's your survival like if something ran across this room you wouldn't look at me you would look at what moves because that's your survival right because if you're hunter-gatherer in a bush and you're hunting that rabbit or that care what whatever your diet is right and that bush next to you moves you have to look at what moves because number one it could be lunch or number two you could be lunch so either way you have to look at what moves so your fingers going across the page your attention is being pulled through the information as opposed to your attention being pulled apart right um the other reason why and I'll tell you neurologically certain senses work very closely together meaning you have your tasted a great piece of fruit like fresh from the farmer's market like a great tasting Peach you're not actually tasting the peach you're smelling the peach but your sense of smell and taste are so closely linked that your mind can't tell the difference you can tell a difference if you're sick if you can't breathe out of your nose and you're congested what does food taste like nothing tastes Bland right and so just as your sense of smell and taste are closely link so is your sense of sight and your sense of touch that people literally using their finger while they read will say they feel more in touch with their reading in fact when people lose their sense of sight how do they read touch right when you train people on this so that's the first one is usual Pacer visual Pacer is there another tip oh yeah I mean there are many I mean that will boost your reading speed and focus 25 50 across the board and then you'll learn so there's something called fixations and fixation is where your eyes will stop and how many stops you make across the page determines how fast you're going to read right so it's like in traffic if you're stopping if they're 10 words most people are stopping at every single word so they're taking 10 stops faster train readers will actually use their peripheral vision to pull in more than one word so if you look at a word on that page on your screen you could probably see the word to your left and to your right right and so that's a trained skill so a person seeing three or four words doesn't have to make 10 stops they can make two or three stops right so it's less taxing and you can go faster because that starts top you know and so there are all these different tips and the master class will walk people through so you actually get training on it and it's and again it's free 95 of what we publish is absolutely free because we want to democratize this to the world but for your comprehension key to comprehension though is asking more questions what we talked about most people aren't looking for the pug dogs so even when you're taking a test usually the questions are at the end right in my books I put the questions in the beginning so it charges your reticular activity systems when you read they're like oh there's an answer there's an answer there's an answer but the real culprit to reading faster is something called sub vocalization you ever notice when you're reading something you hear that inner voice inside your head reading along with you yes that's what was just happening hopefully hopefully you should not sure it's hopefully it's your own voice right it's not somebody else's voice yeah the reason why it is an obstacle to effective reading is if you have to say all the words in order to understand them you can only read as fast as you could speak that means your reading speed is limited to your talking speed and not your thinking speed so what we do is we train individuals to reduce the subvocalization because the truth is do you have to say all the words do you have to say New York City to understand what New York City is do you have to say the word computer to understand what a computer is the truth is you don't because 95 percent of words are what they call sight words they're words you've seen tens of thousands of times like a stop sign you don't have to say stop every single time but you understand what it means 95 of the words in your book that you're reading online emails are words you've seen before you don't have to say it in order to understand those words so we train people to reduce this sub-vocalization lastly on concentration and flow and these kinds of topics yeah what advice would you give me if I'm trying to get into what they call the Flow State more often and I'm trying to do deeper work and be less distracted I mean there's all these techniques there's one what's it the pomodo technique and there's all of these different techniques but what have you found to be most effective all right for those people who are struggling with concentration and focus and getting in the zone right um we've done a number of podcasts this whole chapter dedicated to flow the um the Art and Science of getting in the zone right flow is a state where you feel your best and you perform your best that's those flow States the the markers of it are usually three things number one you lose your sense of self right the second thing you lose uh it's effortless it almost feels like you're in that zone you don't have to exert a lot of effort and the third thing is you lose your sense of time you don't know if five minutes went by or five hours because you're in the moment you're present so you could actually here's the here's you like first principles one of my first principles is taking nouns and turning them into verbs I get in the habit every day of hearing it now and turn into a verb meaning I think a lot of people hypnotize themselves by the words that they use they say I don't have motivation today I don't have Focus today I don't have energy you do not have those things you do them so you don't have motivation there's a process for motivating yourself you don't have energy there's a process for generating energy you don't even have a memory you do a memory there's a three-step process for memorizing encoding storing and retrieving right and so I think a lot of what our podcast your mind and our work is is about transcending trans end it's about ending the trance ending this massive gnosis through marketing or media that were broken you know like I felt for so long that I felt like I wasn't enough like like for like like you did um or transcending our own thoughts meaning like I am a procrastinator right how do you change that if that's your identity right and so going back to the power of words and Turk taking nouns in terms of the verbs Focus you don't have Focus you do it there's a process for focusing right and so what I would do if I want to get into Flow State the trigger for for flow getting in the zone is when competence and challenge connect meaning that imagine imagine a diagram right and on one axis is challenged and one accesses competence and skill if something is too challenging and you have low competence that's just stressful right this bigger Challenge and you're capable of handling If the child if the capability is too high you're highly skilled and the challenge is too low then you're bored right you're too skilled and this challenge doesn't it's not even a challenge so no you're not going to get that flow State flow happens when you're at that edge where it's just challenging enough to keep you engaged and it's stretching you also as well so it's a state of mind that you could create and what I would recommend doing it with everything is a small simple step right and and when you're in flow the world kind of disappears so you have this natural focus is there anything that you have an activity like pricing writing make you lose sense of time and it's kind of effortless so people could create that in their job in their relationship on the on the field also as well so so obviously up level your capabilities right and then have an acceptable amount of of challenge there also as well also a lot of that comes through finding passion and focus so flow starts with focus and what I would say is focused activities of work eliminating distraction to the best your ability you know let's say you need to focus on this activity your phone is not there you people your family knows that not to be bothered right and then you're engaging somewhere somewhere meaning there's something called the zygarnic effect that I talk about in the book and the zygon this is Doctor she was a psychologist in Europe and she noticed that when she's having coffee out at the cafe outside that all the wait staff would easily memorize all the orders without writing them down until they were delivered then once the wait staff delivered that order they would forget right and she called it the zygarnic effect after her last name that our our ability when we start something there's a high propensity for one us to want to finish it right to have closure to have to close that Loop you know that's how people keep people coming back to every Netflix show or whatever because there's an open loop right some kind of suspense that they want to get closure on so you have to behave and and follow through the zygonic effect if you start somewhere anywhere because you procrastinate you're more likely to finish that activity because it's it's an open loop and that open loop will engage somebody to get into into flow okay what's the most important thing we haven't talked about in your view based on all of the the mission that you articulated so well at the start of this conversation what's the most important thing okay so I love this discussion about disrupting education you know in terms of the power of meta learning and learning how to learn if there was a genie right now could Grant you any one wish but only one wish everyone who's watching listening would ask for more wishes right um because then they cannot get money they get everything else they want if I was in your learning Genie and I could help you become a master and expert in any one subject or skill by the way everyone that thought food or something before he said one more wish you're not the only one so if I was your learning Genie and I could Grant you one wish to learn to become an expert in any subject or skill people could think oh I want to be a great dancer I want to understand money or invest in whatever it is the equivalent asking for Limitless wishes is learning what learning how to learn because we learn how to focus and concentrate read understand uh remember what can you apply that to everything yeah money Mandarin martial arts music management marketing everything it's so much easier right so it's sharpening this saw that to be able to you do that first and all the other everything after that cutting it's a lead Domino right and so I think that that Limitless is A Treatise on an owner's manual for a brain the best diet sleep everything else and the processes for focusing remembering learning how to learn I would say the thing that I would want on my professional Tombstone would be a Venn diagram with three things and this is the core to my work I realized Eve that a lot of people know what to do but they don't do what they know that most people have forgotten more about personal development and growth and transformation and money and wellness whatever they're hearing than most the people that they know because common sense is not common practice how do you get yourself to overcome self-sabotage procrastination and actually get something done and so I'll I can I would end with this Limitless enough I'm being perfect it's about progress but what in what area of your life if you're still listening to this do you feel like you're stuck that you're not making progress think you don't have to share this but I know you're very vulnerable but is there an area of your life you feel like you're in a box and it could be your learning you might be feel like yeah I wish I could learn faster remember better read faster I wish I was more organized if you could see what my suitcase looks like right now my cameraman walks into my room it's like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hurricane that hit the room right yeah that's embarrassing and the organization also will help with your focus and everything else because your external world is your internal world so imagine everybody right now listening let's make this practical where are you stuck I'm gonna admit something I've never made when I connect my airpods to my iPhone it says Apple airpods brackets 23. because that is my 23rd pair of Apple airpods so that's how unorganized I am that you know for me to keep hold of those little things it's the impossibility so anyway sorry no no and we can work on that also because I mean do you have expensive well the thing when I teach meditation or I do mindfulness it's not just about that 20 minutes you're in silence externally and internally whatever's going on you could bring mindfulness into your eating you know I I show people just just challenge them to brush their teeth with the opposite hand maybe engages a different part of your brain right the opposite side but it forces people to be present you know and I think flexing that presence muscles and the mindfulness muscles first thing in the morning is just very important especially when you can tag it to a habit that you're already doing and so eating so it's not just what you eat ask the other questions right it's why you eat it's where you eat it's when you eat it's how you eat also as well some people are so stressed out about their diet you know measuring every micronutrient and everything and so stressed out about some ideology that it negates any health benefit they're getting from it because there's so much anxiety around eating right but it's also not only why you eat but how you eat some people as they're eating they're working at the same time and you've heard about the sympathetic parasympathetic right in terms of our uh our nervous system the sympathetic is kind of like your your beta your your your fight or flight but your sympathetic is rest and digest but some people when they're working they're not even that parasympathetic place where they could rest and digest their food because they're also while they're doing this they're working and stressed out or on conversations or anything so you know going going back to this I want everyone just to imagine an area of their life this is what I would teach on my professional Tombstone is the Limitless model it's a Venn diagram three intersecting circles and I want to everyone imagine an area of your life where you feel stuck in a box your income your impact your learning your your Finance whatever it happens to be your relationships where do you feel like you're not making progress and by definition that box is a cube right and that cube is three-dimensional right so the three forces that contain that box like keeping you in there it's the same three forces that will liberate you out now the three forces that I'm talking about are the Limitless model and if you're watching this on video I'm going to make three intersecting circles on a pad of paper so three intersecting circles most people know this as a Venn diagram it kind of looks like Mickey Mouse two ears and a head and so these are the three forces that will liberate you to help you become Limitless in any area of your life and this works for a person a family a team a nation a world okay so it could be a micro macro and this is how real transformation happens so here's the thing you're taking something specific maybe your income or your reading speed or your memory let's say your memory you feel like you're in a box you can't get out of it right the first Circle the top left I'm going to give you three M's is your mindset all right so your first circle is your mindset and your mindset I am going to Define as your set of assumptions and attitudes you have about something your attitudes assumptions about me being unorganized yeah exactly and that's going to continue in that box right because it's defining the borders and boundaries of what's possible okay so if somebody could also whose finances their mindset and assumptions and attitudes about money if people think money is the root of all evil if money doesn't grow on trees whatever their mindset is it could contain them in that box if their memory if they feel like they're Limited in a box you know it could be I'm getting too old I'm not smart enough right that's mindset attitudes and assumptions about something especially added to his assumptions besides your attitude assumption about a relationship what does that mean that means I lost my freedom doesn't mean whatever it is that's going to affect your your quality of box but the other part of it is your mindset attitudes assumptions about yourself so three things I would put in mindset what I believe is possible so you can believe it's possible for you know Steve like millions of followers and make all this money or whatever but you might not believe it's possible for you so what I believe is possible what I believe I'm capable of is somebody could those could be different and the third thing is what I believe I deserve like people don't feel like they deserve to have this body or this business or they have imposter syndrome or they don't think they deserve to be happy in a relationship that's going to affect all behaviors belief driven right in order to get a result new result you have to do a new behavior in order to do that new Behavior you need a belief that allows that to be possible so that's mindset so that's Mickey Mouse's left ear right now Mickey's right ear is going to be the second M which is motivation okay huge because you could have a limitless mindset about money about about change about your health your memory and you're not motivated to get out of that box so you're not getting out of that box so motivation people talk about it like a warm bath for me motivation is very structured it's only three factors that you have to unlimit the formula for Limitless motivation to motivate yourself to work out to read to meditate or to motivate someone to buy or your kids to clean their room three things P times e times S3 the letter P times the letter e times S3 and what does this mean and now take now see yourself in that box if you're not motivated you're procrastinating the p is purpose start with why as Simon talks about but if you don't feel it like I had I saw somebody on the street the other day and he was I didn't even recognize them because when I knew him years ago he was so unhealthy I mean like the worst extreme and all friends would do intervention say give him suggestions he would ignore all of it he would take pride in being unhealthy right I see him on the street he lost all his weight he looks younger I didn't even recognize him and I'm just saying what have you been doing he tells me all this stuff I'm like we've been telling you for like 20 to do this stuff why are you all of a sudden and he's like I came home tell me about this work trip he came home and his daughter was like crying hysterically and he had a dream that he died right and wasn't there for him and I was and and that's that was purpose right so that's the thing we are not logical we are biological dopamine oxytocin serotonin endorphins we could get that through life circumstances or to focus on something that drives us so sometimes we need a rock bottom moment to to get a new purpose in life that kind of explains why that is the case so so many of my guests here when I hear about their life story say this particular thing happened and then my life changed what you're saying there is it was a increase in their purpose I would say there's some things in my experience that you could only learn through a storm like some some storms come to teach us things you know or to clear a path for us but certainly Rock Bottom is an interesting perspective we talked about the sixth thinking hats do you have a look at something from different point of view you know um so the purpose so feel the purpose and so just like people don't biologically they buy emotionally get them emotional right but then if you don't have an emotional reason to read that book emotional reason to remember that name is emotion right no the Eep is the purpose which is emotion the E is energy okay so some people are motivated because they're exhausted you know like so like the idea here is like like I mentioned newborn baby if you haven't slept for three nights in a row you're not gonna be very motivated to work out yeah right if you had a big processed meal and you're a food coma you're not gonna be very motivated to study or read that deck okay so like physiological energy perfect so and remember you don't have energy you do it so the things we talked about reducing stress getting good night's sleep eating the best brain foods S3 now S3 somebody could have Limitless purpose they know why they do it they're doing the right things for the right reasons and they can't have an unlimited energy and still not be motivated because they're overwhelmed or because they're confused maybe that goal is too big they want to meet their soulmate and live happily ever after that's way too big right they want to make the next unicorn that's way too big right on Dragon's Den whatever S3 stands for small simple steps because often what stalls us is we're intimidated or we're confused and a confused mind doesn't do anything right even if you're marketing to somebody give them purpose have them energy meaning having resources Capital but are you making it so simple they can't fail small simple steps right because if you make that too confusing they won't go do anything so a small simple step this is how you find it with a question I ask myself this question every day when I get confused or I get overwhelmed I say what is the tiniest action I could take right now that will give me progress towards this goal or I can't fail what's the tiniest action I could take towards this goal or I can fail so let's say somebody doesn't work out right because it's beyond that's too big of a jump a small simple step put on their running shoes maybe somebody leaders or readers they're inspired now to say that they're going to read every day for an hour that's too big maybe small simple step opening up the book reading one line can't get your kids to floss their teeth give them the floss one tooth right nobody's or put one sock in the hamper you know to get clean because nobody remember the zygonic effect nobody's gonna stop at one tooth they're going to go to completion so I believe little by little a little becomes a lot and that's the key for motivation mindset motivation and then the last things the head there is the methods and I put that last because a lot of people know the methods but they're not doing it because they'd either have them don't have the mindset or they don't have the right motivation now here's the reason why I share this and I'll put this on my professional Tombstone is because this is the gap between what keeps people limited to limitless meaning any area of your life you control the controllables right and what you could always control is your mindset your motivation and the methods you're using to reach that goal so what I would do with this is I would put like goal on top and then you could even use this as a role modeling I could listen to all your podcasts and discern and elicit what is their mindset what is their beliefs and attitudes assumptions about that topic money redalio whoever you're talking to right then I would say what's their motivation what's the purpose you know how are their small simple steps and then the methods that they're using because the methods that work today you know aren't they they want the methods I worked 10 years ago in marketing aren't necessarily the same methods that will work for today right or in investing or in Wellness because there's a big information upgrade so my message for everybody is the past few years has been very frightening for a lot of people and out of that fear I feel like they've downgraded their dreams to meet this current situation and I think that's the wrong approach you shouldn't be downgrading your dreams to meet the current situation you should be thinking how do I upgrade my mindset how do I upgrade my motivation how do I upgrade the methods I'm using to be able to meet those bold audacious goals right Jim we have a closing traditional in this podcast where the Lost guest leaves a question for the next guest not knowing who they're leaving it for okay the question that's been left for you is oh wow good question what is the last thing you did that you deeply regret okay I um I'll say this I without giving names I um I committed to an event to speak at out of this country in your neck of the woods and it's a vent I really want to go to and I put it off for years I do regret because I'm going to be missing Father's Day here in the United States and this boy I've learned so much from he's only a few months old but and I it's funny going into fatherhood the three growth areas I've had in my life were entrepreneurship and you can identify with that right like but it's all lies on you and we have dozens of people that rely on you to for their livelihood and the impact it's a lot of responsibility my personal relationship you know where you're intimate with somebody and you're that vulnerable and but the third thing is is fatherhood and I I went into this thinking I'm gonna I'm gonna upgrade this kid's brain and biohack the heck out of this kid I've noticed over the past few months that I've taken a different approach I'm just like loving this kid so much but just observing and I don't remember the times a lot of my childhood because of what I went through but just watching these Revelations that he has hands and that he can manipulate the world and I realize that my perspective has changed instead of me teaching him stuff you know I want to protect him and provide but I feel like he's reminding me of these these important core memories that I that I had forgotten Jim thank you so much Jim quick knows how to get the maximum out of me as a human being a wonderful quote that Will Smith has put on the front of his book and that's exactly what you're doing for so many people that's the mission you're on and that's certainly what you've done for me I've been a fan of yours for some time now um having struggled with a lot of the things you talk about in this book even the process of meeting you and getting to do the research is Advanced so many of those in critical areas of my life um really I think the key thing is it's let down a series of limiting beliefs that have held me prison prisoner and hostage you knew the first the left ear on that Mickey Mouse thing was was mindset that's probably where I'm struggling the most and from reading your book Limitless that's certainly the wall that has been left at that has been that has been um torn down so thank you for that and thank you for the mission you're on because I can feel in everything you say and all the stories you tell how internally motivated and how authentic you are about what you're doing and that's a service to the world that I think is incredibly necessary so thank you so much Jim thank you for your time thank you for your vulnerability and thank you for your wisdom can I challenge everyone to do something Steve please I would love everybody knowing their knowledge by itself is not power that the small simple step could lead to something big is to take a screenshot of wherever they're consuming this on social media and Spotify and iTunes wherever and um and tag you and I so we get to see it and I have a question for everybody because this will be my question for your next guest is my normal question is what are you gonna do for your brain today and I would love to hear that also but over the past 12 months what is a new Behavior or a belief or a habit an understanding that you've adopted that has served you this past year a new Behavior or belief that has been supportive of you and I would love for you to post that tag us so we see it I'll repost some of my favorites and I'll actually gift a few copies randomly for the book out to people and yeah signed copies or maybe we could do that also as well so also as books books or or everything for me and then I encourage people to connect and again I put that link if that's okay to mention in our Instagram for the quiz for the brain animal mybrainonwell.com and to our podcasts and everything but I appreciate Steve I'm being a big fan and follower of your work impeccable the amount of so many shows like I'm you're on like somebody will say something so deep and then and I'll be so upset because the interviewer go on well my next question is this and I'm like whoa whoa but you're so good at being present you know and I since you create space for so many people to just be vulnerable and you know it's real it's raw and it's extremely rewarding so thank you thank you so so unbelievably kind of you to say that means the world to me Jim thank you so much pleasure to meet you and become friends thank you foreign some of you will know that this podcast is now sponsored by the incredible Airbnb I'm a huge user lover and customer of Airbnb every time I go away on a trip whether that's work related or it's a holiday Airbnb is always my go-to but have you ever considered have you ever thought about making some extra cash to cover some bills or to help pay off a holiday let me explain further perhaps people are coming to your town or city for a music festival for an event or a holiday and you have a spare room why not Airbnb it or your home office is free right now you're working away from home during the week you can Airbnb it honestly the possibilities are endless I've Airbnb one of my Apartments before and it's a great way to make extra cash I'd highly recommend you all to at least check it out that extra space you have that extra room it might be worth more than you think so to find out just how much it's worth search airbnb.co.uk host that's airbnb.co.uk host check it out oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [599 likes]: Thanks Jim for this highly educational and practical episode, I wish I had known this stuff sooner. If you liked this conversation, please do me a small favour and hit that subscribe button. It helps us bring you more guests like this and serves as an indicator of what guests to bring on. Thanks everyone, have a great day! 💛
  2. @ali-us2df [1 likes]: thank you my brother from other mother ,i think one day we'll meet insha allah
  3. @杨帆-p5r: 实践才是真理 过得生活才是真正的知识；
  4. @杨帆-p5r: How  to use what i have learned or listened?
  5. @Statik222: Wow. 
Ich habe Epilepsie....
  6. @sameerazam7946: Your guest very cleverly did his best to pass any value able information to improve your memory. 
This 1 hour is just waste of time. No method passed all he did is to divert his attention towards his podcast , etc...
  7. @luvofatman1296: fascinating ❤
  8. @HackerPranks: Je sais pas expliquer 🥺
  9. @JORGELUISARRIAGACONTRERAS: Hola cada capítulo aporta detalles importantes para mi formación, sin embargo este capitulo en particular me voló la cabeza ( es mejor una cosa bien hecha que mil palabras bien dichas)
  10. @jeannguz8874: Thank's DOAC, 
Tu incarne vraiment le caractère et don de Napoleon Hill. Bravo! Je te suis regulièrement à partir de la RDC.
  11. @cindymurphy9181: Thank you Jim, this was so interesting and informative. Thank you Steven for a great interview. Bless you both ❤
  12. @officialfocusop: this is very helpful and eye opening 😮
  13. @mariamoayed2490: You always interrupt your guest please stop doing that you’re trying to teach us something and with you interrupting nobody is going to learn and you distract the guest. This is not about you.🙏*************
  14. @twvisualstorytelling: I live in Lisbon. I have to say the weather here is *amazing*. Best choice of where to live. ❤️
  15. @izabelz.5950: "L'équivalent d'avoir des voeux illimités, c'est d'apprendre à apprendre" ❤
  16. @MindyTorgusson-t2y: Not that I matter, one way or another.. I do,...  I matter.......... I hope I can find true ones who build me up but guinuine ly. With the truth. N stick around.  But I'm cool.  Either way.
  17. @MindyTorgusson-t2y: Everything your guest said to you at the end of this podcast. The very kind words he actually said to you without hesitation.    I know he meant every word, because what be went through as a child, that gives him this kindness, that is a gift to the rest of us in the words.   That stuff be went through, no, nothing is gonna compare or ever take that pain away, cuz there's no way to, that's solidly is part of his foundation, that has made the absolutely beautiful man he is.  I can absolutely relate..  also, me said the things that is who also feel that way, (lol, absolutely, we agree).  I can tec. Can only say it that way.   What I really think is most everyone feels n thinks the same thing about you that he said.   Your my favorite of all time.  In all reports and podcasters so of it.  Your a cool dude, you remind me of my absolute favorite friends.     And kind of people I really enjoy the most in my life..    so. Must people can't be that kind.. or genuine.     Just saying.  My heart has to no matter what.  No matter who.  It's how I keep my own peace..  to me it's important.  Completely selfish I am.   100 percent..  but my selfish might not be as selfish as a selfish Fkr
  18. @shapirolee: What I did for my brain today: listening attentively to this episode and making notes of your venn diagram. My intention is to map my mind set, look for motivational ways, and use methods that will be impactful to what I have learned.
  19. @kathleenfaircloth4880: In the past 12 months I have learned that I can learn, what my brain is today does not mean that is what it will be tomorrow. There is no end to the possibilities of my future. Being old give me the gift of wisdom and gratitude😊
  20. @rosaweulander: gracias , muchas gracias !!!

- How to Study & Learn Using Active Recall | Dr. Cal Newport & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en Tell me what you think of this, what I always call, protocol, if I want to learn something from a manuscript I read or a book chapter, I used to highlight things. And I had a very elaborate, extracted from my university days, system of stars and exclamation marks and underline that mean a lot to me, that, yes, bring me back to a given segment within the chapter. But a few years ago, I was teaching a course in the biology department at Stanford, and for some reason, we had them read a study about information retention. And I learned from that study that one of the best things we can do is read information, in whatever form, a magazine, research article, et cetera, a book, and then to take some time away from that material, maybe walk, maybe close one's eyes, maybe leave them open, doesn't matter, and just try and remember specific elements. How much does one remember? Then go back to the material and look at it. And I've just been positively astonished at how much more information I can learn when I'm not simply going through motor commands of just underlining things and highlighting them, but stepping away and thinking, "Okay, yeah, oh, I don't remember how many subjects there were. I'll go back and check that, maybe make a note. And okay, they did this, then they did that, and then," and then it's crystallized. And as I say this, I realize, of course this should work, [laughing] this is the way that the brain learns. But somehow, that's not the way we are taught to learn. Yeah, well, I'm smiling because when I was 22, I wrote this book called "How to Become a Straight-A Student," right? And the whole premise of the book was, "I'm going to talk to actual college students who have straight A's and who don't seem completely ground out, right? Like, not burnt out. And I'm just going to interview 'em, right?" And the protocol was, "How did you study for the last test that you studied for? How did you take notes for the last?" So I was just asking them to walk through their methodology. The core idea of that book was active recall. That was the core idea, that replicating ideas, what I used to say is, "Replicating the information from scratch as if teaching a class without looking at your notes." That is the only way to learn. And the thing about it was, it's a trade off. it's efficient, doesn't take much time, but it's incredibly mentally taxing, right? This is why students often avoid it. It is difficult to sit there and try to replicate and pull forth, "Okay, what did I read here? How did that work?" It's mentally very taxing, but it's very time efficient, right? If you're willing to essentially put up with that, with that pain, you learn very quickly. And not only do you learn very quickly, you don't forget. It's almost like you have a pseudo-photographic memory when you study this way. You sit down to do a test and you're replicating whole lines [laughing] from what you studied, the ideas sort of come out fully formed because it's such a fantastic way to actually learn. It was my key, the whole premise that got me writing that book is I went through this period as a college student where I came in freshman year, was a fine student, not a great student, but a fine student. I was rowing crew and I was sort of excited to do that. And then I developed a heart condition, and had to stop. Congenital wiring in the heart, atrial flutter thing. It meant I couldn't row crew anymore. So a prolapse of some sort? It was a circuitry issue that would lead to a extremely rapid heartbeat. It's like really rapid, like tachycardia, right? You get 200-250 beats a minute just, and it could be exercise induced, right? Which is not optimal, you could take beta blockers, which would moderate the electrical timing, but beta blockers reduce your max heart rate. And if you're a athlete where the entire thing that matters is your max heart rate, so you're doing something like a 2,000-meter rows, your performance on beta blockers just goes down. It makes no sense, it's like being a basketball player that wears weighted shoes, it's too frustrating. Right, and it also makes you super mellow. I was a pretty mellow guy. [both laughing] But I was a worst rower. So I stopped that, and I was like, "Okay, I want to get serious about my studies." I said, "I can get serious about my studies and writing," right? That's when I actually made the decisions that I then stuck with for the next 25 years after that. But one of the things I did to get serious about my studies is I said, "I'm going to systematically experiment with how to study for tests and how to write papers." And I would try this, "How did it go?" deconstruct experiment. Try this, "How'd it go?" And active recall was the thing that turned me all around. And so I went from a pretty good student to 4.0 every single quarter, Sophomore year, junior year, senior year. I got one A minus [laughing] between my sophomore year through my senior year. It was like this miraculous transformation. It was active recall. I rebuilt all of my studying, so if it was for a humanities class, I had a whole way of taking notes that was all built around doing active recall. For math classes, my main study tool was a stack of white paper. "All right, do this proof," white piece of paper, and just, "Can I do it from scratch?" If I could, I know that technique. If I don't, "All right, I'm going to come back and try it again later."` Completely transformed. I did so well academically, that's why I ended up writing that book that basically spread that message to other people. So I'm a huge advocate for active recall. It's really hard, but it is the way to learn new things. And as you pointed out, it is very time efficient. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, it was a problem, it was a social problem for me that I would have to pretend [laughing] during finals period that I was going to the library to study because I would be done studying. This active recall, it's brutal, but it's incredibly efficient. You sit down there, I would have my cards and I would mark it, "Okay, I struggled with this," I'd put it in this pile, "I got it done," I'd put it in this pile. And so then you would just go back to the, "I struggled with it," pile, and work on that. And then make a new, "I struggled with it," pile. And these would exponentially decay. And so in a few hours, you could really master, with a few other tricks that worked, you could really master the material pretty quickly. And then, what am I supposed to do? I didn't do all-nighters. It wouldn't make any sense. Active recall is how you prepare, and it's going to take four hours and it's going to be tough, so do it in the morning when you have energy, and then you're done. I love it. I learned essentially all of neuroanatomy looking down the microscope at tissue samples. And then I would try and take photographs with my eyes, I do not have a photographic memory. But then I would get home in the evening, look through the neuroanatomy textbook, lie down, and try and fly through the different circuits in my mind. And then if I arrived at a structure in the brain that I couldn't identify, I would then go check my notes and go back. Ah, that's perfect. So basically, I learned neuroanatomy, which I'm poor at a great many things in life, but neuroanatomy, I'm solid at, and then some, if I may say so. And it's because there's a mental map, and you can kind of move through it, fly through it dynamically. Thank you for tuning into the Huberman Lab Clips channel. If you enjoyed the clip that you just viewed, please check out the full-length episode by clicking here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yassinecalleja7448: I have two exams in 4 weeks I pray this will help me😭😭
  2. @marcoseduardo4720: PHD Cbum
  3. @NoName-ur9ks: I did this during college. Yes, I was one of the best but this took me way too long. I am a real deal dumbass and I did NOT save as much time as he's saying. If you're dumb like me, this isn't a magic pill but it is the best way to learn tbh
  4. @BOYCOTTGOLDSGYM: Is there a tldr somewhere here? Lol
  5. @prashantjoshi5763: So hubermann used to take notes like every other people do, underline, highlight and using fancy formatting. Then he had to teach about information retention in class and he learned the best way to learn something. 
You read it with your best attention and then close the book or whatever your reading device. You think about it, if its a process, start from scratch try to relate concepts you have just learned with one another.
Cal had a heart disease so he could not row and then he decided to focus on his studies. He used to experiment with various processes and then found active recall to be very time efficient. It's very difficult to recall everything little thing you learned. But it is very time efficient. His advice is to just do the whole thing in the morning, your brain learns way faster in morning.
  6. @GuillermoOlague-l5b: I understood this so well I’m suspicious.
  7. @ramalakshmithonda9807: I love huberman voice
  8. @josephsgambelluri5427: I don't have 4 hours.  C'mon
  9. @ARBstudios_x: This explanation made a tricky concept feel really clear and easy to follow 👍
  10. @joshtodd6051: R2A2 formula.
  11. @joshtodd6051: Applying yourself is the best way to learn.
  12. @hayaa32: Anyone from big universities 
Like Harvard , Oxford, MIT etc ?
  13. @YolandiBooysen-c1d: I wish I saw this video earlier 😭❤️
  14. @CoumsoDokdok: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  15. @GermanHicks-j5q: Great job, this video was very useful!
  16. @cats_log: Me watching 2 months before my exam
  17. @Justakilla: Bruh Godzilla Slammed the ion dragon straight into Titan X ahh bro
  18. @martybadboy: Huberman always makes a long story longer.
  19. @HomeschoolinthePines: So Charlotte Mason’s narration practice. Cool.
  20. @Agripina-v3d: Studying full time and taking extra courses at the same time is exhausting, but it feels necessary now.

- Chunking: Learning Technique for Better Memory: Kind: captions Language: en 081127882 is a hard number to remember. If you chunk the number into 081 127 882 its easier. Cutting large bits of information into smaller pieces helps us to understand. If we put small pieces back together, we can see the big picture and that helps us to remember. The process is called Chunking. This is how it works. Our short-term is fast but tiny. According to learning expert Dr. Oakley it can hold only 4 chunks of information at once. So when new inputs arrive it has two ways to pick them up. First, it can overwrite and forget what it has to make space for new information. Or it can use mental effort to move a chunk from the working memory into the long-term memory where it can be stored and remembered later. This is why its almost impossible to recall 9 digits like 081127882. There is simply not enough space. Once chunked, there is. There are several ways to chunk. You can break a larger piece into smaller bits, identify patterns or group pieces to see the larger picture. Once a chunk is created, you can use deliberate practice to move it into your long-term memory where it connects with exercising experiences. Now it can be stored for years and if regularly used, accessed without much mental effort To make this transfer more effective it helps to add context which acts like memory super glue. Great instructors always try to give you the big picture before going into detail. If you study by yourself, you can skim through your textbook first by reading chapter headlines. Learning facts without understanding the big picture is pretty useless, as we will forget what we have learned very fast. Professional piano teachers first show their students the entire song so they understand the mood. Then they ask their students to practice one measure at the time. Once the part has been learned and the neural connections in the brain has been built, then students go to the next measure. After all chunks can be played separately, they are combined until the entire piece is connected. Now the student can play the piece with less mental effort. Chunking also helps to understand complex topics, say trade between China and India. First study China: the people, the culture and the economy. Then summarize and put what you learned in your own simple language. Repeat the process for India. Then study trade itself: the mechanics, benefits and problems. Again, simplify to form an underlying idea. At the end, you might just have summarized several books onto one napkin. Try chunking next time you feel the limits of your working memory. Just like how clever restaurants chunks their menus into starters, mains, desserts, with 3-4 options each. With chunking it's easy to compare our options and make a decision. If you like our videos and want to support our channel, visit us at patreon.com/sprouts and see if you want to donate just 1 dollar. With your support we plan to create many more minute-videos about learning and education.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tristan_Donald_study [20 likes]: The video provides a helpful introduction to chunking, but it might benefit from deeper exploration into how chunking is not just about breaking information into smaller parts but about creating meaningful organization. 

Consider the example of restaurant menus: they are not listed alphabetically, which could overwhelm customers. Instead, menus are organized into categories reflecting the dining experience flow, from drinks to dessert. This organization aids memory and decision-making, demonstrating that chunking effectively involves categorizing information in a way that reflects its inherent relationships and enhances its meaningfulness. Highlighting this aspect could give viewers a richer understanding of chunking's cognitive benefits.
  2. @sprouts [5 likes]: Support our work on brain and memory: https://patreon.com/sprouts
  3. @WHAT-UMEAN [1 likes]: ANYONE SEE IN 2025 ?
  4. @PlanetZnation [1 likes]: I am grateful for my spiritual guides
  5. @darkbeast277 [1 likes]: Learn with chunking, memories separating things, then combine it after memorised
  6. @olakolade6656 [1 likes]: thank you!
  7. @skatin-1: Genius technic, thanks for the awesome vídeo
  8. @babusivaprakasam9846: Wow!. Great Video. 8 years, this is applied in GenAI RAG applications :)
  9. @vc6218: I know this video is about memory but I really like the artist's style!!
  10. @MFconfuse: Keep making this kind of video
  11. @kite-dv8me: this video is great and easy to understand. thank you so much.
  12. @ZENO_ff-w5z: My brain is not braining
  13. @izzyzle: soooo how do I chunk the whole history of the UK? 🧍‍♀️
  14. @noajackson2588: Dinner was here
  15. @BestFlautistForever: I swear my teachers were damn idiots. I wasn't taught how to remember anything at all
  16. @altpp8861: Drizzy out
  17. @altpp8861: The swag balances are you still have the same time I was gonna be a good day please find the attached file is scanned image in PDF format I am you have a great day today and I will be there for the late reply I will be there for the late reply I will be there for the late reply I will be there for the late reply I will be there for the late reply I will be there for the late notice I will send it out here it's not the same people to see the attachment for your mind and spirit the holy shot of a new drake
  18. @orvilledurano1896: Amen God Good WINNER'S IN chRist TNX 4 SHARING GOD BLESS US ALL
  19. @znay14: So short story is ..
  20. @eoeoy3004: Thankzz alot

- FIXING THE CORE RETENTION PROBLEM!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good evening and welcome to this week's episode of Sunday Night Live we are doing our fix stops retention strategies segment this week with my good friends Joseph clementy Robert Sebastian and Mike vogle so welcome back gentlemen it's been a it's been a minute as they say hey Paul Paul we are talking about fixing the core retention problem now is there a retention problem for real who comes up with I heard a rumor by some company that did a study that said seven in 10 customers defect from the dealership world and go to the aftermarket Say It Isn't So man so what are your thoughts on that do we have a retention problem absolutely no question about it um and it's been ignored for too long well it's so blatant that I mean you hear people on online forums you hear I'm on the radio and there are shows about this and you hear people say things like I cannot wait until my warranty's up so that I don't have to go to that dealer no I don't want to hear that ever again about a dealer that we're associated with or any dealer for that matter why why would anyone say that of course this person actually assumed or was told that they have to service at the dealer but most people find out quick that they don't have to to maintain their warranty so they def a lot quicker but this person was that I heard last uh under the impression that she had to service at the de dealer to maintain her warranty and to your point Robert you know um even though each dealer obviously is individual obviously there's dealer groups as well but we're we're kind of all lumped together when when people talk they talk about independence aftermarket stores and they talk about dealerships so every time we have a dealership in our neighborhood or the same manufacturer we're all lumped together as we're all bad and and it's and and it's the same thing really where I where I get a little bit annoyed is with advisors with service advisors when a uh when one service advisor is doing a poor job with customers typically all the other advisers will be suffering as well because that that customers is not coming back and many of them will be talking badly about the experience that they have so choosing to ignore it laugh it off whatever the case might be is is such a negative thing to do and it's never going to get better if that's that's the path that you choose and if you just Google in your hometown how many independent aftermarket businesses are it's alarming and they're doubling in size for one reason right the perception is that the automotive dealer no longer sees them as a value right they see them as a dollar sign and until that changes until that culture shock comes about like Mike said that they will leave and that regression spreads much further right because people have much broader bandwidth to reach more people through social media in the past was friends and neighbors and and relatives right now it's everybody on their social media whether they know them or not so that small misstep that that small dysfunction and process could actually be costing you more than what you can actually see that's really important to anyone that's operating in the automotive world yeah many many options out there and you know you you you talked about um numbers money and really when we started discussing what we were going to talk about tonight Paul the the two things that that hit the top of my list are first of all the people side no question are we doing the right job hiring the right people to take care of the customer and number two are we giving them the proper training um to to ensure that that customer experien the proper processes so that that experience is the best that it can be and the second thing is um the numbers and really we we keep shooting ourselves in the foot because we we see declining repair art accounts in many dealerships not all but many dealerships are going backwards and so everybody's looking for that quick fix so all you hear on the street is talking about let's let's get our effective labor rate higher let's get our hours per R higher and next thing you know let's put the advisors on a pay plan where they're paid off of effective labor a and Nows perau how are you g to possibly focus on a great customer experience if if the numbers are driving your pay I mean it's it's it's sorry it's asinine to to put it bluntly it's just asinine it it just makes no sense we have to focus on the customer experience and it really starts with the employee experience not only are you making the right hires but are we are we put putting together a team and treating them the way they should be treated treating them fairly paying them fairly and and making making their job as good as it possibly can are we giving them enough support to do their jobs properly um all those things if if we're not taking care of the employee first then how do we expect to get the customer experience uh we can't threaten them to a great customer experience we can't threaten them with making less money or taking bonuses away we can't threaten them with suspending them or firing them that that's not going to fix the poe problem you know we we provide at the store level we provide an opportunity for our employees okay and we're really doing them a disservice when we're not training them and and I'll give you I'll give you a couple of for instances you know the experience dictates everything beyond what we even think so I'll tell you a short story I had uh I had a long relationship with a dealer did many car deals with them between myself my family my immediate friends and and God only knows how many uh people I touched online that I don't I never even met before okay I would always blow them up online anytime I went there when my daughter made the trip in from out of state daughters flurl uh to pick up their cars I always blow them up online uh this last time I needed a car they they weren't interested in doing the right thing by a good regular customer so I found a dealer that was and this dealer bent over backwards to do everything that honored every promise before during and after the sale so naturally I start blowing them up my previous salesperson on the other hand he unfriends me on Facebook I I didn't understand why I I went into the store because they moved into a new building and um I went to see my buddy he's a service manager he says oh did you go see you know your your sales guy up front said hey he's he's not too happy with me lately he unfriended me on Facebook I'm not quite sure why but he did so I go up to see him in front and I say hey why'd you unfriend me I said it's the car business you can't take it personal you guys weren't willing to do what the other dealer did that the other re dealer really wanted my business uh and you know I have no hard feelings with you and he said to me well I did take it personal I said why would you take it personal he says I took it personal when the phone started to rain I said what the hell are you talking about he said you know how you always blew us up when you come in and when you came in for service and your friends came in yeah so he said well everybody knew that you bought and service your cars here and all your friends did too so when you bought from the other dealer and you started blowing them up those same people were calling the store to find out what we did to piss you off that you went to another dealership okay so that's that's a real result right that's not just today's word of mouth is online and then you you you fast forward into a shop and you talk to you know we're all under staff okay so we're all doing way more things than we have time for so guess what ends up suffering raining so I hear a guy complain he say ah you know the advisors are no good I so what do you mean well they're no good because you know somebody comes in for an oil change they're not upselling it so I asked I said so what does training look like um I don't really have time for training okay so let's say I'm a customer and I come in what's the process um there really isn't a process so we do walk arounds oh we take pictures I said you're taking pictures that shows the customer that you're taking pictures because you think maybe they're a dirt bag and they're going to try to get over on you on some damage that was on the car are you showing them the the tires are you explaining why you're checking the wipers any of that no I don't have time for that here we go right so to Mike's Point you have to hire you hire what is that that saying hire for attitude and train for skill right you are responsible for setting your people up for a success so if you want to provide a good living for them teach them how to effectively do their job not just to to sell stuff and make money but so service in the customer back it goes way beyond that as well like M like coach Mike said it's it's human capital right and instead of staying focused on human capital which delivers the byproduct the results when stores Focus only on the results if they're results driven results oriented only the byproduct is the front end of the process is suffering those individuals that need development that need reinforcement that need process development process refinement those things fail because the only objective is delivering on the bottom line right right and you know it's one of the things that I wanted to talk about on this call because it's something that we speak much about right is the environment if you're talk talking about human capital the investment you're making to hire the right individual to deliver the right product the right experience it begins with understanding why you're doing what you do and when you have process driven Focus which is on the byproduct which is how much money are we making if I can't see more of you three then I might as well make as much money as I can on Mike and well if you two don't come back then I got to try even harder next time to make even more money on Mike and all that does is create this divisiveness with the individual who's there to try and deliver a complete experience when their only focus is how much can I make off of Mike because I already cost myself Robert I already cost myself Paul because what was my priority was I need to sell Robert something he's here today and need to sell Robert something guess what you're going to sell me Joe you're G to sell me whatever you're spiff on yes because whatever we spiff is what sells and that's a disaster now I'm not against spiffs however they have to be monitored because if we're selling a bunch of let's say alignments we sell a lot of alignments just to increase the bottom line and I really don't care how expensive your alignment is if you're doing a a really thorough job a great job for the customer and it was needed the the reading was really accurate that that alignment is out let's sell all the alignment that need to be sold but watch out when when an outside vendor for example SP spiffs your employees to sell chemical Services you'll see that those sales will go up as a service manager I never supported that I wanted that SPI to come to me I want to make sure that we offer Complete Care we sell everything that needs to be sold and by the way the aftermarket does a terrible job at this right now there's a auto shop in my neighborhood very close to us when on our Facebook group in my neighborhood somebody that just moved into town asked where should I go for auto repair 100% of the recommendations are to this facility the guy's awesome he's sincere but he sincerely wrong he does not have an NPI process so this is in the aftermarket I am so mad at him and they even told me a service adviser told me well we don't think that it's a it's a good thing to sell people stuff we just do what they ask for and I was like that's a disaster you're under serving your customers and in one case my neighbor went to on a trip about four and a half hours away on the way back from the trip their front wheel started shaking the steering wheel started shaking and this guy just serviced the car about a month earlier they had an alternator replaced the front tires were worn out but this guy and his wife they don't know anything about cars he never lays on his car and they never told him about the tires so now I actually use the guy but now I'm going to train them I'm taking a MPI sheet I said every time I come in I want you to do the MPI I want you to charge me for it and I want you to do whatever is on that NPI sheet up to $2,000 don't even call me just get it done I want to have what I call the ultimate trust Club I want to be a member of the ultimate trust Club the Keet tosser customer right that's the customer I am and that's the goal of of a a good retention program when we train our staff to have more and more Keet tossers because they can trust us 100% and again the aftermarket is doing a terrible job but there's this perception that they're actually doing a good job and they're saving customers money when in fact customers are inconvenienced quite often as they don't really check all the stuff the basic stuff brakes tires uh things like that fluids they just do the minimum in many many cases so the aftermarket actually is underserving the customers we're missing opportunity at the same time but instead of spiffing particular services that we want to sell a lot of to make a lot of money we should focus on Complete Care but hey is there a secret sauce that the C the service advisor can learn that can adapt to their service advising style so that customers basically become key tossers I believe there's a secret sauce I think I think what we need we need to talk about is um when I go in to do some training I like to talk to advisers and about whff them what's in it for me because a lot of times we we don't focus on that and and I I give the reality of the dealership business where we're talking about um 30% retention after the warranty is EXP ired whatever the number is whether it's 30 25 but I tell the advisers okay you you wrote up 20 customers today you handled 20 customers today are you okay giving away 14 of those customers and never seeing them again and only keeping six I'm like well no okay so what did you do today with those 20 customers to make their experience as good as it possibly can be so that they'll want to come back but again it circles back to if they're going to be grinded by the by the dealer principle the general manager the service manager about their effective labor rate and their hours per AOW those numbers will fall in place but we have to start doing things the right way from the very beginning your sales will be there you've heard me talk on this show in the past I don't consider myself a good salesperson but customers bought from for me all the time second part of my equation was when I was a service advisor or even a service manager I have no technical background I don't change my own oil I don't rotate my own tires I don't even change my own air filter okay none of that but I I learned from my technicians uh in the shop how things work what they mean and when I had to sell something to a customer who are already trusted me I sounded like a person that knew that what they were talking about and that's all that was really important I wasn't trying to connive them out of anything I wasn't trying to lie to them I was telling them the honest to God truth but I was telling it to him as a trusted advisor versus a salesperson and so I think until you get to a point in your shop where you can get your advisor team up to that level you're going to continue to chase the numbers first and that and that's going to continue the path of customers exiting the dealership world and and it's it doesn't need to be like that now a couple of points um the aftermarket and I and I I started in the aftermarket and we've got Jamie Alexander on the show here who spent many years in the aftermarket she got recruited by the dealer world okay what a lot of customers feel and this is documented is that whenever they go into the dealership they get clubbed over the head so they end up leaving there's there's no trust Factor there okay but make no mistake about it the there are a lot of sharp people in the aftermarket and they've adapted to the technology okay Jamie speaks to uh in the aftermarket shops are doing well with the digital MPI okay these people what they have over the dealership body or get out of the screen what they have but they have over the dealership body is that they are able to Foster better relationships because they don't have the same barriers that you have at a dealership okay in a dealership there's the wall there's what happens in the shop and there's outside the shop in the aftermarket a sharp manager can bring that customer right to their car and show them and explain to them exact educate them exactly what the condition is what their options are and build more trust right where the dealership can make up for that is in their their video mpis when you look at the data from video MPI to no video MPI the per dollar Ros go way up it's not for because you're whacking them with stuff you're educating them and you're showing them what they need and why but you know what Paul to your point the barriers have to come down yeah you know the transparency has to be there you have to build the processes around what the customer wants too many service departments build the processes around what they want what they feel they they want to do there ask your customers I'm not saying you can do everything a customer's gonna gonna request obviously but Focus customers want the other thing is like when it comes to service department processes one of the things I learned when I was with Toyota dealerships through um a program called Toyota signature that I was uh a Pilot dealer for was get your team involved in building the processes they're the ones that are on the front line they're there day in and day out dealing with every single customer who better to know what what will work and what will not work just because your service manager doesn't need you need need excuse me doesn't mean that you need to build every single process you can approve everything but why not get the team involved and get the Buy in because the reality is if they buy in and they develop it then you can go back to them later on and say why aren't you doing it right why where is the consistency you guys and and ladies said this was the best process for us to do but yet you're not doing it why you know things like that will will make a difference we don't have to be set in stone on every single thing we do we need to be able to be adaptable you know I want to go back to something Robert began with was the alignment right what why do we get an alignment to keep our vehicle straight right to to keep to make sure that our vehicle stays straight what happens when let go of the wheel if a vehicle's completely out of alignment right it's going to go one way or the other depending on the alignment and it's going to cause you off course so why not take a step back and realign your team begin an alignment strategy on how do we make sure that everyone on the team is in alignment with our goals with our Purpose with our Focus how do we make sure to Mike's Point if we're going to build a process around our clients or a customer base the people coming in how do we ensure that those processes are consistent how do we make sure that everyone is aligned with the belief that if we do a digital multi-point inspection the value ad is presenting everything all the time without prejudice so that the client can make an informed decision I I'm like Mike I'm not technically minded either but you can rely on the skill sets that your technicians have have and the knowledge that they have to educate you so I feel extremely comfortable presenting anything anytime once I'm educated and you do that with consistency without prejudice every time and let the client make an informed decision guess what it becomes easier and easier but it's got to start with an alignment strategy how do we get everybody on the same page you know the old adage rowing the boat at the same Cadence the same level of skill you can't do that when one team is out of alignment and veering off course with frequency while another part of the team maybe your technicians are in alignment and they're going straight down the road but your advisors are off course they're out of alignment maybe your management team is out of alignment we always talk about training training training training is imperative I I believe you train a dog but you develop people and the more time spend with people the more engagement you give them the more alignment they have everything else seems to come in together right like like Mike said if we don't focus on uh you know the metrics we focus on the people the metrics come and I think that's probably the biggest opportunity we have in the automotive world is that alignment that PE that human capital alignment is is the best way to to analyize that what I don't see I agree that the develop the team have them develop the processes but one thing I never see is involving the customer in that process building right you can have focus groups you can have smaller focus groups to to talk to your customers to find out hey how's your experience been what can we do better what do you think we need to change and and you can develop together with the customer who has certain levels of expectations which are up here these days with your team who's on the front line to develop better processes so that everybody wins right we there's a book called The Five Love Languages okay it's a book that is it's a relationship book but guess what it's also a business book we think in relationships that that our partners our spouses that they want certain things and we do that for those people come to find out when you read this book that it's not always exactly what we think it is we're doing for them what we want for ourselves which may not necessarily be their love language so I I'm all for deel having the team develop the processes I want to pull some customers into it to see how we can further tweak it because it at the end of the day it's really for their benefit and and I can't tell you I've I've ever seen that in any sort yeah I mean surveys tell you a great deal right they tell you about what isn't working and in most cases the number one result of poor surveys is generally speaking down to communication somewhere along the line the communication has failed whether that's a processed communication or an individual communication but generally that's the overwhelming issue is a is a failure in communication you know part of what I call the secret sauce is right that whatever you you just said Paul that you've got to train your advisers on personality types Love Languages so I'm not talking about really deep knowledge of of the four main personality types but you got to understand that different people want different things and they want to be treated in different way so adapt to the personality type of the person if you start telling stories to a a person who is very direct and they really don't want to hear your stories they want you to take care of them so if you understand personality types whichever personality profiling system you use then you'll know that with that person you need to go right to the point now every now and then I've made it my my goal with a person like that to make him smile to make him laugh about something because they're so direct they they're so much about business that you know that that's what you got to do but at the same time I said let me see if I can find something that I'm I can uh create Rapport about so we've got to build rapport and I'll tell you maybe some of you know I just got back from Europe for about 30 days we were in Europe and out of about 60 restaurants that we had dined in one stands out and some of you guys have seen the picture on LinkedIn with Benjamin the ultimate professional as a as a waiter and he had a great attitude your attitude preceded you so services advisers we think as managers that the cost is too high to make sure to protect our service advisor's attitude but there is no cost high enough that that we should not be willing to pay whatever it takes staff adequately and watch the mindset we've got to be careful with the mindset of the service advisers because our attitudes precede us when the service advisor walks out on the drive if the attitude is great he sets himself up for Success if the attitude is bad but can we really afford to have a service advisor greet a customer with a bad attitude at all no and I'm not talking about the customer's bad attitude if the customer has a bad attitude we greet them anyways but we cannot afford to have a service advisor go out so it has to be constant coaching constant pep rallies uh it has to be Clarity of vision of how we serve these customers I've seen in an independent shop where 20 people were standing in line yet the service advisor it's a tire store so it's not a big deal that they have uh that many people sing in line dropping off the service advisor did not compromise on one thing she greeted everyone with a smile she made sure that she took good notes about all of their concerns and it wasn't all just TI related and she took care of about 20 people in about 45 minutes some of them were basic things but no compromise on the attitude on the smile of course the need appearance the professional appearance uh the facility helps that's of Secret Sauce but in fact it's not the newest facility that wins the secret sauce is all about the person it's all about the person connecting and gaining the customer's trust 100% And of course then the referrals flow then the repeat business flows because you're the kind of person that the customer can trust 100% but hey it's it's so much about attitude so what do we do to ensure that our team is in top mental shape every every morning and throughout the day with customer number 15 as much as number one it's account accountability and that's that's another area that's lacking uh because service managers some of them lack of training themselves uh or whatever their reasoning may be but if they're not holding their teams accountable I mean there's for me there's nothing more important than roaming the service Drive roaming the customer Lounge roaming the shop throughout the day not just first thing in the morning but first thing in the morning late morning lunchtime early afternoon late afternoon the reality is emails phone messages numbers that that can that can be taken care of before you open at closing time at lunchtime at your lunchtime there's there's different times of the day to take care of a service manager's personal stuff but for me I don't think there's anything more important than than to know exactly what's going on around your shop it's not it's not babysitting it's really just support you need to be support advisors your service Porters your technicians your Cashiers if you have cashier what whatever it might be anybody that's involved in the customer experience you need need to be supporting them and the only way you can do that is out of your office right it's connecting it's understanding what they're going through and being there to coach them through a challenge right it's being there to advise them on what the best practice is or what the best approach is you know Jeff's comment here is spoton and that's why his stores are successful because they have a mentality of bringing the right people into their culture treat teaching those people how to act you know in to in respect to their values and how to approach their clients in relationship to their purpose and that to his point right there at the very end the culture Starts day one it is all about the human capital because without the right human capital without the right investment in that human capital the the rest is you're you're just going to be riding a stationary bike pedaling extremely fast counting the Mone as the cycle of the world happens right you know as business was skyrocketing two years ago and and everyone was counting how many record months they had and then things slowed right the economy and everything slowed with it the stores like uh Jeffs that did really well during those times they understood the value of that Capital through good and bad times there's no that it's right good times are formed in bad times good habits are formed in bad times and bad habits are formed in good times right and and when you get those really good habits down everything else becomes a cycle of just process and you're not pedaling really fast going nowhere and now talk about having your hand on the pulse okay it's important to Robert alen Carell great service departments have great success when they present their processes to the customers 100% of the time okay okay I'm a stickler for process there are things that we need to do if you do if you do if you regularly read customer reviews what you'll find a lot of times is there are complaints about service and a lot of times those complaints are about uh customers being informed as to what's going on with their car that's that's a huge huge problem so in Comm communicating with your teams okay my buddy John Frasier our good friend John Frasier he is active in a group thread at all times he is active in uh Communications with customers when they text in and out in the platform so he can see at the exact moment that maybe he needs to get involved and this is not micromanaging this is the ex the opposite of micromanaging this to a level yeah that is the the minute he sees that there's a a potential problem he gets involved immediately okay and and and a good way to keep up with your customers I was in a store at certain times of the day there's a a chime that goes off you know what that chime is for gentlemen that chime is to remind all of the advisers check your work in progress update your customers so that it happens systematically it's almost like Pavlov's dog I've got an acronym for uh how to maintain culture um on the Practical side you have to give your team Time and Time In This Acronym stands for totally interested management engagement if you want engaged employees you've got to have interested and engaged uh managers so if a manager uses the word valued employee and they're not engaged on a daily basis with the team with the staff corporately and individually you're going to be losing employees you're going to be losing morale because the the employee might say hey I only see you in the walkway on the way to the bathroom and in the hallway we don't ever talk I've got some issues and say yeah yeah I'll talk to you I'll get to you I'll get to you and you never get to them and we use the word valued employees well let's feed them right I don't have time to talk to them but I'll feed them well of course the the proverbial Pizza uh I mean there's nothing wrong with pizza you know it's Pizza has become kind of a a poster child for a bad management bad leadership uh because the the manager didn't give the employee their time their total interest and being engaged in the well-being and the success of that team member so you can bring in all the pizza our Stakes occasionally as long as we give them our time and and that's when people will stay with you for the long call because they know they can talk to you they've got somebody that cares and and next thing you know you've got Synergy when everybody's firing on all cylinders and numbers just show up those those awesome numbers that you didn't create by doctoring up ELR or uh or by spiffing one service to the detriment of the customer experience yeah the one thing that most say they don't have is time right in your acronym they they don't have the time to develop a person they would rather if that person isn't performing it's let me get Mike out of here let me get Bob out of here and get get Jim in next because I don't have time to develop that person that person should know what they're doing I hired them because they knew what they were doing and they should be doing it well that's that's not what leadership and development of people is right to your point if if you are engaged it means we have great conversations we reward the behaviors that we expect but we also engage the person when things aren't going as well Performance Management shouldn't be hey Robert you're not doing a good job look at your ELR look at your hours per repair order oh and by the way look at your dollars per R you're nowhere near Mike and Paul so it's time for you to go that's not development that's not that time right that's how about having a great uh performance discussion and find out what the challenges are and you know what Joe what how many dealerships and I early on in my career I was guilty of this as many of us have been how many service managers allow for lack of a better uh better word bad service advisor that have high numbers stay on board even though they're not doing what they should be doing with each never been guilty of that Mike never I mean how do we expect to allow that to go on and and get cooperation from everybody as a team you know when you have that siloed approach that you just talked about right which is you know it's okay I will tolerate poor behavior in in of money it just tells the rest of the team where your priority is exactly your priority is only on money right um you know there's a there's a great Professor Dr David Logan he's a professor out of USC and he talks about those three stages and where the automotive mostly finds itself in is where people see themselves as highly competent and Superior and it creates this little silo effect like I'm a really good advisor because I generate more money than Robert but Robert does it ethically and I may not do it as ethically as Robert so he creates this little Silo and that service manager you know in this case we'll use Paul that Paul sees me is is the guy who wants to keep around when Robert's doing everything right right what I'm doing is just cherry-picking I'm taking the most I'm pushing the rest off and trying to make as much money as I can because my only focus is the culture and the culture is evident yep there's a great book by a gentleman by the name of Steve D philippo Steve D Filippo is the owner of Davio's Northern Italian Steakhouse the houses he's got probably 11 or 12 around the country I've been to eight of them to a lot of grand opening parties okay Steve started years ago with one restaurant that had a lot of issues okay the the restaurant was on a cash only they had no credit and when Steve came in he fired the matred and the and the executive chef when he came in why because as you guys say that advisor that oh make all the money that's the cancer okay his family thought he was nuts his friend thoughts he was nuts but guess what he put in the work he established a cult culture where all of the people here they compete with the other stores all right Steve told me that hey I don't have to fire anybody because these people understand what our culture is what we expect and when they no longer fit what our mission is they choose to leave on their own and there's not a lot of people that leave there okay if you can get get that book it's a few years old it's about the guest it's in the restaurant business but guess what it's no different than Automotive business those you know comp to your point competition is good it's healthy to be competitive the four of us by Nature are competitive people but there's healthy competitiveness and unhealthy competitiveness when winning all is all that matters meaning when winning all at the at the or or the beest of the customer isn't always beneficial long term right so I may win once in a while and a huge level and if that's my only focus I'm causing the three of you to choose another alternative option and if we we know there are so many incredibly intelligent um transformational leaders out there in the automotive World unfortunately they don't have as big of a voice as they need in that culture because that's what's creating uh this this um departure of clients if if we got a wider voice we got a wider breath those people that are talented knowledgeable experiences guys like Jeff um they will create that culture where people keep coming back that's the place you want to go to Jamie Alexander a team of participators will always grow stronger than a few High performers couldn't have said it better myself well High performers right put in discretionary effort they they they if the three of us or four of us are working towards a common goal we'll put in discretionary effort and we will be high performers and competitive in a healthy and supportive way to the purpose I can't stress enough like like Mike started this meeting out it comes down to people right the human capital how are we investing and developing that Capital will spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in marketing and it's great but if I if we draw everyone to our business and we can't take care of them how healthy is that spend in marketing how healthy is it we talked about you know lots of Technology out there all the technology in the world cannot fix a people problem yeah agree bottom line and same thing we kind of danced around um all the perks that we've over the last 20 to 30 years you know we put in you know car washes we put in Starbucks Coffee you know the shuttle services expanded expanded now we're doing pickup and delivery we're doing mobile service all that stuff is excellent and it has lots of value but only if you're doing everything else really really well and really really consistently consistent they'll have some value otherwise you're just spending a lot of money and you're spinning your wheels if the people suck the customer is gonna have a horrible experience right but if the people suck then it's the person that brought on the person the individual that is responsible if I'm not as good as the three of you on the service drive then it's incumbent upon the leader to develop me so that can be as good as the three of you so that I can develop my skills to create an environment that is conducive to culture right we always go back to purpose if we don't have if our only purpose is money it's no wonder clients are defecting it's no wonder team members are defecting I haven't seen the latest results from NATA but but I suspect the turnover in the past two years has gone even higher than it was five years ago I would suspect and maybe you guys know this data but the turnover has got to be in the in the 100 plus range may maybe I'm incorrect in assuming that and there you know when you talk about pricing just quick story kind of related to this maybe not but I I I like to look at dealers around my area that where I know what what's going on at the stores to see how what they're advertising what they're doing the store on their website on specials had a minor service which is oil change tire rotation multipoint inspection check the battery check fluid levels $19.95 okay I found that to be pretty high on the same page when you scroll down they had just an oil change by itself for $89.95 so if a customer takes the time to put that together I'm charging them $100 to do a tire rotation a multipoint inspection check the battery and check the fluid levels again we talk about customers perception on price some of it a lot of it is valid yes some of it is not valid we we've all found that out when we do price shops and mystery shops where we actually compete very very well with the aftermarket shops plenty out there that are still just I don't I don't know how they're coming up with these prices but they're really not taking the time to to think this through well enough especially when it's on your own website on the same page well they're lucky they even had something because there are a lot of stores that don't have anything you know a good practice is to have videos on your website that talk about specific services that you do and what the importance of doing them are right how many people come in they you know they've been they've been conditioned to believe all the car ever needs is an oil change but nothing could be further from the truth you know there are there are inspections that need to be done there are wheel balances that need to be done there there's so many things that need to be done on a regular basis okay I've had cars some of them 200 250,000 miles when I did total in that was and um every 5,000 miles whatever the book said do I had my my Lexus at 120,000 miles uh the tech comes he says you know the the plugs are like brand new I said I don't care I'm on the road the book says change them I want to change them because I'm not going to get suck and guess what nothing went wrong with that car I had a the DVD drive on the nav system go at like 240,000 miles something like that which I ended up fixing myself with a YouTube video but I did all the other maintenance I understood the importance of it and when I wrote service you know for Mercedes uh Saab store years ago long before the the MPI was even in existence I had an Excel spreadsheet that was model specif specific because I I quickly figured out that a 300 SD they all broke in certain areas a 560 SL all of those broke in other areas so I was a geek on Excel I put the the the model and all of the things that went wrong and I had the three little squares with it's good it needs replacement or advise the customer what the condition is I explained to the customer what we're doing they loved it I explained to the mechanics why we're doing it they loved it our o values went up they actually embraced it so it's all in how you present it everything comes down to communication right there's an old Italian saying the fish stinks from the head if your people don't believe in the MPI process then it's time to look in the mirror ask yourself what have you done to establish the value for that employee because if the employee understands the value then they'll be proud to do it they'll understand why it needs to be done and why everybody starting with the customer first benefits and when they win we win right you used you used one of my key words you know I always talk about trust value and convenience yeah and to to what Robert talked about a while ago if if we're not taking the time to build relationships with our customers how do we know which one of those words are important to them and why because convenience means different things to different people people value means different things to different people I think trust is a is a very broad word that we we all want to trust whoever we're dealing with but if if we're not taking the time to learn what's important with our customers how can we possibly serve them the right way and give them a great customer experience hey guys circling back to how important the human element is the service advisor uh recently a local Honda dealer celebrated 20y year anniversary of a service advisor and in the same thread they posted it on Facebook it's a Honda dealer that I've done business with and of course I celebrated with them I'm excited and in the same thread a customer said and it is because of you that we still drive back to Charleston South Carolina from North Carolina so they stop they don't service their vehicle in North Carolina they continue coming back to the Honda dealer because of the individual so the individual has such a power so if you can build a team of people who have people power who can connect with the customer and a lot of times connecting is not about all kinds of weird stories or or report and and chatting for hours with the person in in fact that's counterproductive right if you got somebody well but I'm building a relationship you've been building that relationship for two hours that's a little too long but but you when you connect and you have you make this decision early in the morning of course you have to coach your team on this that today each customer that I meet I'm going to make their day some way and of course in the service drive on a practical side hey if they say something like man this traffic is terrible agree with them uh the weather is crazy sure enough it's been raining a lot wow you know thank you for weathering the storm you say things that connect you to the customer or if you see something that really can connect you that let's say you you uh have the same team same football team right I don't know anything about football I'm not a football fan but hey you can connect on football soccer whatever it is right and next thing you know you're basically part of the same family but service advisers have got to learn about this not to dwell on these things because you have a lot to do and you have to focus on take care taking care of the customer's issue taking care of their transportation needs getting them to work and keeping them informed however the human element is so important over and over people will say we go back there because how Maya Angelo said that people will not remember what you said or did they will remember how you made them feel so if we feel great when we do business with a certain service facility we're going to go back there over and over if we if we feel like they've taken us to the cleaners and I own a dry cleaner by the way um then and we don't take anyone to the cleaners they come voluntarily but then you have trust you know you have that feeling that I want to go back over and over again because I feel like they cared for me they were professional competent they really really uh I felt like I was important to them and they were pleased to see me that my presence was important to them 58% of customers will spend more money and drive further for the experience how how just an impromptu survey there's four of us how many of you would drive further for that kind of experience I do that's 100% right here I mean it's a perfect example I drive two hours each way to Arthur Avenue in the Bronx from my house and back because I have an Exquisite dining experience on Arthur Avenue I don't mind doing it it's a it's a it's a six to 7h hour commitment in time to have dinner dinner on Arthur Avenue for me but I gladly do it and there are plenty of restaurants in the area but there's there's something about the experience when I go there and your customers at the dealership are really no different I used to drive an hour plus to go buy cars to service cars I'd hang out there I'd create content while I was there we're all customers of the automotive dealerships every one of us on this call are are customers of of Automotive dealership so we support we're passionate about that and and that's that's that's 100% of us would say hey we'll drive further for the right experience so let me let me tell you something about experience okay there are dealers that get it all right I'm gonna do a Shameless plug for my dealer Bob Alvine at Premier Subaru in Branford Connecticut this guy gets it his whole team gets it they take care of me like nobody's business okay I had an issue they fought hard for me and they got me some great great great resolve I will always be indebted to them and I will always go to them because they care they do things that most other dealers don't even care my buddy called me up he he was looking for a a Corvette okay he says can you help me yeah I think I might be able to I got a couple couple years in this I'm still getting emails from dealerships now asking me what's my phone number and what am I looking for and now some of them have moved me on onto the spam list so I'm getting emails about Chevy truck specials I inquired about a Corvette Stingray convertible my buddy took delivery less than 24 hours after I did the initial reach out but yet two weeks plus later there're still reaching out you know how can we help you well and what Greg Dudley just said that we he doubled as commute for culture I would I would say I I went to work at two different Toyota stores and my my roundtrip commute besides putting in 10 to 12 hours a day was three hours round trip and I had service advisers and technicians follow me to those dealerships so if you create the right culture now for me the dealer principal and the general manager created the culture for me that I loved I I I put aside the commute because of working with them same thing with my technicians advisors they put aside the commute because they got an opportunity to continue working with me so there there's no question Greg that culture is a huge deal and and we're we're the ones in control so if you're not making it happen why not fish thanks from the head remember leader is the speed of the team talking about the leader Jamie Alexander said that uh when people become combative to a process to a situation is because they want to do well and they are crying out for help to get back on track from a retention standpoint we cannot afford to have a combative person in the service Drive whether Justified or unjustified the combativeness or the attitude change so a good leader will address that and if it's Justified then of course you provide the support the training and help them get back on track if it's unjustified you have to address that too but again can we afford to have even one client one guest coming to our service drives and not be greeted warmly not be greeted with a smile with professionalism with care and then offered Complete Care every single time like I think Robert Allen car Carell said 100% of the needs presented 100% of the time we cannot afford to miss one each customer is extremely powerful ex extremely important because they can affect thousands with their voice on the internet nowadays yeah and to I think you made the point earlier uh about you know really caring about the customer they they sense that and really caring about the employee and knowing you know and supporting them all right I consulted with a dealership I was told this particular individual was the problem they were about to get rid of them well you know what after spending the day there I it I found out that it wasn't the employee that was a problem it was the service manager that was a problem I learned more about that employee in one afternoon than the employee that had been working for the store for a couple of years than the service manager knew about that employee okay when I went to Ed Robert's book signing all right Ed Robert's our friend I went to the book signing met everybody at the dealership but before I met everybody at the dealership Ed told me their story and when we went to that person said hey Carlos this my friend Paul tell me your tell him your story and almost verba him and I met a lot of people that day or this couple of days he knew everybody's story and he was proud to tell the story and they were proud to tell the story and and and Ed looked at me he said you know what I had a problem with turnover last year I said really how so he yeah I think I had like a half a percent a half a percent people would kill for that Ed walks very slowly I visited his shop and he walks very slowly not because he doesn't know how to walk fast I've seen him walk very fast also but he stops with every guy and spends that three to four five minutes which the average service manager average manager in any industry feels like is a waste of their time they're an emotional drain but great leaders will stop and give their uh team members their time they they're totally interested manager engagement that acronym that I made up uh you got to be interested it's genuine I mean it really is genuine yeah and Ed's definitely inspirational guy on that obviously he wrote the book on it too but but uh I mean such an inspiration to see how slowly he walks and how fast he stops and and he he'll take the time to asking about hey how was your weekend how was the concert you told me you're going to specifics not some kind of vague thing say say how was the concert and the guy says what concert you talking about I went to a funeral no he actually remembers he makes it a point to remember what he talked to the person about so that Monday he can uh he can actually refer back to that and show the person that he really cares and we don't all have to re have a terrific memory because not everybody does but you can certainly make a make a note right you have a contact in your phone you can update important things about your employees in that in that contact it it's not rocket science that we're doing here the time has come and gone and before we go final thoughts gentlemen hey I I've all I gotta say got you got to discover the secret sauce and the secret sauce is simply you've got to connect with your staff and the staff service advisor we got to connect with customers to and then offer Complete Care no shortcuts Complete Care every time baby fix your employee issue and you'll fix your customer issue focus on human capital human capital provides a greater return and when something doesn't work out don't look at your employee and try to figure out what's wrong with them look in the mirror and ask yourself did you do everything you could to support them and how can I support them better so I want to thank you guys for being on the show tonight I want to thank the folks that watch it live and the ones that watch it on the replay I hope you have a safe and successful next week and we'll see you next week on Sunday Night Live thanks for watching he

- Real Reason Law Firm Staff Retention Fails & How to Fix It: Kind: captions Language: en-US Are your intake specialists always chasing the next best thing? Are you tired of rehiring and retraining because they think the grass is always greener? This episode is for you. I am Tyler Dolph, CEO of our agency Rocket Clicks. It is a digital advertising agency solely focused on helping family law firms generate more leads and turn those leads into revenue. And with me today is Anthony Karls. He is the president of our agency and also the co-founder of our law firm, Sterling Lawyers, which has grown to over 32 family law attorneys. In this episode, we're talking about the myth of job hopping in a law firm. Why this happens, why the whole grass is greener. Theory is is wrong. And what law firm leaders can do to protect their team from chasing illusions instead of building success where they are. I really hope you enjoy it. think we've talked about this a lot internally at both our law firm and our agency, where, you know, maybe you have a younger, team member, and they get, recruiter reaching out to them and, you know, they hop over to some new company with the thought that it's going to be the greatest thing ever, only to realize maybe it's not. Maybe it's not as great. And so today we're going to talk through kind of five ideologies or theories as it relates to greener pastures. Totally. The first one being that the greener pastures mentality is often just skepticism. Yeah. It's usually. It's usually, escapism. Like, how do you. How do you escape from your current reality and kind of not deal with what's in front of you and kind of, Because oftentimes there's, like, there's always there's always two sides to every situation. Right? And oftentimes we especially in today's culture, we overly become victims and like are conditioned to believe victim mentality is okay. And we kind of have a lot of self-talk. It's really not healthy. And what ends up happening is we kind of get sold by a, a greener pastures. And the reality is like all the problems I have today, they're going to like, come with me to that new place. And I really just need I need to deal with me. I need to deal with me and, like, what's holding me back. I understand, like, why I'm not successful versus blaming the situation or boss or manager or whatever. As the problem. And there might be like, there's always legitimate circumstances there, but we see this like recruiting where you see a job hopping resume that and like, you know, we're talking sales primarily in this series, but this happens with all team members. This is not just a a sales thing. This we've seen this with attorneys. We we joked we joked recently, Jeff Hughes and I about one of our first shoes, our first third hire, maybe fourth. I can't remember what number, but she joined. We looked at her resume. Then she had bounced around. She had like three different jobs for years. Each time she was with us for four years. She then went somewhere else. She signed with them for four years. Now she's somewhere else, kind of followed it. It's like that pattern that it shows up and, and, it's just interesting because it's, it's from our from my perspective, from my experience, it's detrimental to long term impact and growth and earning potential. Yeah. It's interesting. I think it probably follows culture. If you look back at, you know, our parents and especially our grandparents, they were in their job for 20, 30 years. They retired at their first job or maybe their second job. Definitely not the culture anymore. The culture. Today's environment is go to a place. You try and use it as a launchpad for whatever's next, and just try and, you know, get that raise or get that next salary bump job after job. But I think to your point, the problem there is you're not actually developing any solid skills. You're not leveling up as an individual, even if, hey, you're getting paid a little bit more each time. There's got to be a ceiling there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. And I think it's I think oftentimes in these circumstances, the, you see people that will, will jump around and like continue to, to jump and climb a ladder. And those are slightly different circumstances. But what you'll, what you'll see more often that's like a that's, that's those are what I would call special cases. More often you'll see the same exact title over and over and over again at a whole bunch of different places. And really, what that should be an indication is poor performance. And it's like it's really an opportunity for reflection. Like something about what I'm doing isn't working, because now the common thread is like, I'm in this role continuously. I'm not progressing in this role ever. Like I'm always. specialist now for law Right. Exactly. Yeah, that's that's fascinating. And, to me, the solve is is building a great culture, being able to grow and develop your team members, you know, but there's there's just this, it's it's that there's just a culture of Yeah. I mean I think what's really important, unless you know, we do talk about with our sales team, we do it with our all team. If you're not constantly trying to train and develop new skills like you're, you're you're probably doing it wrong. Like there's something off, because if you're not actually trying to get better, other people are. They're passing you off. So like, that's, you know, in a culture where you are doing that, you require that, your team, everybody grows. But those that don't really want to be a part of that, they'll they'll often leave. And the reality is like they leave because they don't want to develop. They want to just be here, be comfortable. I just want to do my 9 to 5. I want to just punch in and punch out. I don't really want to invest. I don't want to get better. I went to school for, you know what, I school and I went to college and I went to law school, and I just want to do this now. Don't bother me. It's like, okay, that's the best, you know, are and you're going to up and you just it's, you know, often that leads to poor performance. And people then want to leave because the situation is the situation isn't working out, quote unquote. And reality is like you're not you're not changing. I didn't change the world forever for all of us, are you? Not if you're not using AI right now, don't be surprised when the world changes and you're frustrated. But that's that's like that's on you. That's not, that's not my fault. It's a tool. If you don't use the tool, you're going to be left behind. And someone's probably gonna have to tell you that I think, you know, our second point here is that poor performance fuels the urge to leave. Right? So let's say that you haven't been growing and developing as an individual, as an intake specialist, or in a sales role or whatever it is. Well, then someone's going to have to give you that perspective at some point. You know, some boss, some manager is going to say, listen, you're not performing, you're not doing what you need to be doing. And in that moment, it's it's fight or flight. It's okay, I'm going to double down and get better or no, this isn't for me. My bosses mean, you know, I better find something else. Yeah. We found that. It's like all, it's all it's an integral. We've had it with Turing's. We have here at the agency with different tools. You know when you, when you have a coach that actually cares, it's critical feedback because they want that person to develop into like what they've said. They want to develop into. Like, if you tell me you want to be I'm not the greatest CEO in the world. When I tell you all your flaws and you decide that you don't really do like, oh, I can't, I can't do this here. This team sucks. They don't know how to grow. They don't know me. They're no whatever you're that's that's a new problem because I you're going to complain about the opportunity. You're going to complain about the team. You're going to complain about all this stuff. And that's typically what what we end up seeing is the it's typically poor performance. Or I want to push this person to continue to grow. And it's like, I don't want that. I don't want to grow. And really want your coaching, your your bosses saying maybe not directly, maybe not as clearly as you want to hear it is. I don't want you to get passed up. I don't want you to lose this opportunity. I don't want, you know, the next best person to come in and take your job. So I want you to continue growing. I want you to be here. I want you to grow. I want you to achieve your goals that you filter. So I just think it's really important. I mean, this is, You see this everywhere. Not just in business, but in sports, right? Where a poor performer is either going to double down and step up, or they're going to complain and whine and go to the press and and demand a trade. Yeah, exactly. So our third point is more on the other side of the fence. You know, when you're hiring someone and you kind of mentioned this a little bit earlier, is that frequent job changes actually hurt your long term earning kind of maximization? You know, the short term may help you make may changing jobs. You may get that pay bump. But over time, if you're really looking to maximize your earning potential, it's actually going to hurt you. I think that's especially true in the legal space with attorneys. Because what the current firm owner is looking for is someone that's going to come in and like they want to grow this business, they want to grow this firm. They want to see that over a season of time that's not insignificant. And that's where, you know, becoming a potential income partner or becoming an equity partner in a firm. That's where it comes from. It comes from that long term, long term investment, long term sweat equity, long term investment of of time that comes from that obviously good performance as well. But like you may you may not be the top performer, but you may be consistently like the third, third or fourth best person in the firm of, you know, whatever size. And but you're always there. You always show up. You always have a great attitude. You're always helping the team get better. You're always saying all the things that actually make the business work. That's the person that's going to get that opportunity. It's so rare. And we see this both at our own firm and with our clients. Firms. You know, they don't ever bring in. Oh, I'm going to bring in an equity partner tomorrow. It's. Well, this person's been here for eight years. They've been consistent. And now we've promoted them to an equity partner. Let's have a Yeah, yeah. So I think they definitely, like you said, I think it can help in the short term, but I think kind of like a bigger scale. It definitely damages long term potential. the fourth point we're thinking about is the idea of focus that if you can, can can be consistent, if you can focus on growth, you are going to win in the long run. And, again, back to just the cultural norms, right? Everybody wants instant gratification. They want it now. They want it yesterday. But that's not how life works. It's not how business works. It's not how law firms work. And so being able to be consistent and stay focused has got to be the key. Right. And I would if, you know, we've we saw our growth at Sterling really explode when we got focused. And it's because what ended up happening is all of us started getting reps on the exact same thing over and over again. And, you know, you work. The rule of 10,000 hours comes into play. And the closer you get to that, with all of the different skills that you need, because you're staying focused, you're staying in the same industry, you're staying in the same, you know, type of role, but you're leveling up your skills. You become the expert, you can learn leadership skills, you can start mentoring. You really start to see your responsibilities expand and grow. And so because you stay focused in the long run about where you are, where your path is, you're not looking for something next week. That's often, especially with, with younger folks. You know, we want, instant gratification. Like we a lot of us have been conditioned now with cell phones and social media to, like, Chase the instant gratification of that or even even Amazon, even, you know, Instacart. You can order. Well, I just saw an email come through from my wife. She put in an Instacart order from Costco, and it's going to get delivered to our daughter like it's all instant gratification. Right. So it's hard to like in the real world when I got to build and stack skills over a time period, it's hard to like disconnect from the everything should happen today type world we live in. what you know. Final point. What? What do we do about it? What can we do is, as leaders, businesses and law firms to be able to kind of curb this trend. One thing that we do is we are so intentional with with goals. So, I think it's extraordinarily important for law firm owners, especially to start with them and then work with your most influential team members and then work with your whole team on setting up personal, professional, financial goals on a 1 to 3 and five year time horizon and then bring those into coaching like the team member will feel like you care about what they're trying to accomplish in their whole life, and you'll then have the opportunity to hold them accountable to those goals. You told me you want X, how are we doing that? X you know, one of your, you know, one of my one of my goals for this year is I want to I feel like I'm not I'm no longer in this period of my life where I want to be a bodybuilder. Like, I want to get. I'm like, I've been at 275 for about five years and both up a ton. I want to get my weight down. I don't want to lose lots of muscle mass, but like, I want to, I want to get down. So I track it. It's on my PPF goals. It's something that I write down every single morning in my notes. So, you know, if you create a culture like that, you create accountability and you start to see things happen. And oftentimes, you know, there that may be the first time someone's actually invested in, in them. Like, if you're if you're running a law firm, it's very likely they've never had a boss actually ask them what their goals are. But that won't be a surprise. It'll be it'll be surprises. Team member. You might be surprised in that experience, because you'll be probably asked them and then actually had them present. It actually had them hold accountable. And we're going to talk about these every two weeks. And then we're going to develop a development plan for the next year about how we're going to work towards these goals. And it, it just changes changes the game. It helps the team members see where their future could be. You know, especially with our our team members here. That rocket looks you know, I want all of them to have like very clear, very clear pure. My next three moves like I need to develop x, y and z. This is what it's going to mean for me from a title change. Who doesn't mean for me it can't change. And this is what we're going to be talking about. And once I do that, here's the next one. I want to do that. Here's the next one I like I can see like okay, like here's my next three years of development. Like I know I'm going to grow here and that's going to be really rare. And that can really help curb the job hopping, create accountability, create a culture of growth. I think all that's really important. Yeah. I mean, if you're listening to this. This is not just theory. Like we have spent so much time and energy in building this goal oriented, orientated culture, and it hasn't been easy. And, you know, some team members haven't haven't enjoyed the accountability of, like, hey, if you write down your goals, we're going to hold you accountable to them and we're going to talk to you about them. And so, if you're listening to this and you want to implement this, know that, it's going to be bumpy and you're going to take it's going to take time to really shift your culture to more of one focused on growth and development. But it is so worth it. It is so gratifying as a leader to watch your team level up and achieve goals that that maybe they didn't even think were possible when they wrote them down. So it is 100% worth it. I mean, it's it's it's it's a small thing, and it's easily overlooked. But as a business owner, you know, the thing that you care, the thing that keeps you up at night is like, I got payroll to run, and two weeks I got a lifestyle that I created for my family. I want to I want to make sure that continues. That's really stressful. What what that business owner really wants is someone that is on their team that continues to hit their goals. They see that over time because then they can trust them and that now that's how partnerships get created. That's actually how long term earning potential grows, because now they see it's not just like raising my hand and saying, I want this, I want this, I want this, but I'm not willing to do anything for it. It's I want this. What do you want from me? Here's what I've done. Here's how I continue to support you. Here's how you do so we're both continuing to grow and you just see it. It's just a different it's a different approach. And it takes time. And I think that's part of the biggest issue. It's like you got to be patient. You just got to invest. Like sometimes, I think oftentimes in success, people quit right before they're at the finish line. You're like, yeah, you're like 95 yards down the field and you're like five yards away from the goal and you're like, oh, screw it for the flag. And we're done. We're going to quit. That's like, why are we quitting? Like you're so close, like you've been working on all of this and like, you, you give it up on yourself. Like, don't give up on yourself happens. So. of the accountability piece is that even if you give up on yourself, your team member, your coach, your manager is here to to not give up Yeah, yeah. Help raise your belief lid. Like I think that's part of the problem. Like you have you have, you know, you have really good individual contributors that want to keep one. And basically you're going to give them skills. They're not. You're going to ask them to develop skills are not good at. And what becomes hard is that team member is an A-plus in a bunch of different things. And you said, I want you to I want you to grow here. You're a C at this. And we forget what it took to become an A-plus over here because we're already there. We forgot all the pain that all happened in the past. We had to do the same thing with the C plus skill and get that up. And like, where we. Where you see, that is like the frustration of, like that growth because it's hard and it's not linear. It's like it's almost like circular. And you go forward one step forward two steps, one step backwards forward two steps, one step backwards. And like that's how it should feel. That's how it's going to feel. So being patient with getting in that season and just kind of enjoying the process is the biggest piece of advice I can give. It's so good. I'm, like, just jacked up thinking about all the things we've done and. And the journey that it's taking to get there. If you loved this episode. On the Grass is Always Greener theory. You will love this entire series that we're doing on sales in a law firm, but specifically, you'll love the next episode, which you can find right here, which is all on the commitment it takes to succeed in law firm sales. We're diving into what real commitment looks like and how to build it into your sales culture. Make sure to check it out and we will see you there.

- How to Fix Common Nail Retention Issues on Short Nails Due To Free Edge Separation | Part 4: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so last time I showed you guys how to do the bumper technique. However, the bumper technique can be a little bit difficult if you don't really have any free edge to work on. So, I'm going to show you today one other alternative you can do to making sure that you actually encapsulate that free edge rather than just kind of simply capping it with light coats of product which are going to get worn down really easily and eventually are going to expose your natural nail. We can actually use some other methods to make sure that we get enough product out in front of our natural nail so that even with wear and tear, we're not getting to that point where we get free edge separation after two or 3 weeks. I'm going to use nail forms today, but you could easily also use any type of smooth tape. Like for example, I've even done this with scotch tape before where I just make sure that I block off the skin on the tip of my finger. But since I actually have nail forms, I'm going to use nail forms just to show you one other way to do this. Now, nail forms, you don't actually have to really know how to apply them in order to do this technique. Nail forms are definitely an amazing tool. They do take some skill to learn how to use, but today we're going to use them in a very, very basic sense. So, all we're really going to focus on for this particular technique is getting the nail form up close enough to our natural nail so that we're blocking off that skin underneath the free edge of our fingernail. Okay. So, we're just going to use this form as a little bit of a barrier for our short short nail and use it to block off that skin. So, all you have to do is just kind of get it close and approximate. Close it and then push this up. So, at the end of the day, what you should have is just a good enough close enough seal that you're not creating a big space where gel is going to go underneath and you're going to block off that skin on your fingertip so that you can apply product without worrying about getting it all over the place. Okay? But again, you could use tape, you could use anything just to kind of block that skin underneath your fingernail. I've already prepped my nail plate. I still have some residual product because I just took off my nail in order to show you this technique. But do all of your nail prep before you put your nail form on. Cleanse your nail. Have everything done and ready to go before you put your form on. And then you can proceed with your actual product application. So, similar to the way I showed you last time, we're going to use our first layer as our base coat. We're going to scrub everything in. So, we're just going to use a really nice thin coating over our entire nail. And again, because we have that nail form, this is really nice because even if we, you know, try to cap the free edge a little bit with our base, it's not going to matter because we have that nail form there to protect our skin. So, this is really nice to do on super duper short nails. So, just make sure you have nice thin scrubbed in gel base coat coverage from sidewall to sidewall and cuticle to free edge. And then you're going to cure this in your lamp for 60 seconds. Okay. Then once your base coat is cured, we're going to leave the nail form on and we're going to do a very similar technique to the way I showed you in my last tutorial. So, we're going to create a wet layer of product. So again, we don't have to go all the way to the cuticle area because we already have that base coat there and we don't need to add bulk back there. But we're just going to add a nice wet layer of product over the entire nail plate. And then what we can do is using that same kind of concept of the bumper that we did without a nail form, we're going to actually cap this free edge and make sure that we have a substantial amount of product out there. So, I have that nice wet layer. That's going to help me with just making sure everything kind of self-levels a little bit. And then I'm just going to apply some product out here, even if it goes onto the nail form. That's totally fine because I can always finish file that and shorten it a little bit to make it into the shape and length that I want it to be. So, think of this as like a micro extension. So, we're just going to apply a little bit of product out there. So that again, we have kind of that bumper of product. And then as soon as you get that where it's got full coverage from corner to corner, don't worry so much about whether it's perfect because at the end of the day, we're going to end up filing this into the shape that we want to have and the length that we want to have. But you just want to make sure that every corner and the free edge of your nail is completely coated in product and that you have at least I would say, let me remove some of this just so you guys can see how much product you need to have out there. You want to have about a millimeter or two like that of product in front of your natural nail. So even if it's a little bit thick on the edge, you can remove that. And if you end up with a big hump on the end of your nail, like if it's way too much, all you have to do is touch the brush of your base coat to the gel and you can kind of just walk it back a little bit. Gel is awesome. It'll follow your brush wherever it goes. So, all you have to do is just make a little bit of contact, pull that back a little bit, and then you end up without having like a big hump here on the end. But, we're going to fill that in anyway to in order to finish our overlay. Mine's going to end up a little bit thicker than your guys' will if you have virgin nails cuz I already have some product on my natural nail plate. So, as you might remember, the goal of this is to make sure that we have substantial product application about the thickness of a credit card or maybe even a little bit thicker than that on all corners and the free edge as well as all around the sidewall. The cuticle area can stay pretty thin, but remember, we want to make sure that those stress areas have enough product in order to withstand different impacts. So, we should end up with a nail that looks basically like this at the end of our application, but we're going to use that nail form to actually separate our skin from our nail so we have more room to work on really short fingernails. Okay, now we can actually do the rest of our overlay application. Usually, where people have trouble is that if the product is too thin and they remove their nail form, they'll usually end up getting this little mini extension that breaks off. So feel free to leave the form on the entire time if you would like to. Or if you feel confident you're applying enough product, you can also remove your nail form. All you have to do is just kind of pinch on either side of the paper. It'll release from the product. Then you can pull the tabs down, pull down away from the nail like this. And then you'll have just your little micro extension that encapsulates the free edge of your natural nail. Now, we want to make sure that we have those stress areas covered. Again, my nail already has quite a bit of product on it, but if you want to go back and add more like we did on our first tutorial, just to make sure that everything is well coated and also smooth. Always start with a wet layer of product. It's going to make self-leveling that much easier. And then depending on what technique you like the best, you can do my side to side technique like I showed just to make sure that you're getting those stress areas completely coated and reinforced. Or you can do the technique where you hold your finger like this and you're going to apply a little bit of product here in the apex area. And then you're just going to simply walk this down. You don't even have to go as far as the free edge that you created just to get a nice little application of product. Watch it self-level and then you can use the tip of your brush just to adjust any application. Just using the tip of your brush to move everything around gives you or should give you a nail that looks something like this where the very very tip of this little micro extension is still going to be quite thin. Our whole natural nail free edge is encapsulated in product and we have enough product on our nail plate that we'll be able to apply color, be able to efile down to that that layer and keep this protective layer on the nail. This is what we call overlays. We're basically creating a permanent or semi-permanent layer of product that we're going to leave on the nail. And then all we're going to do is take off the color, back fill any regrowth areas, but this is actually going to save our nails from getting overworked because we're only going to be touching that natural nail once. And because we have this bumper of product out here, any wear and tear caused by friction or just any types of impacts we come across in our daily lives, there's room for this product to wear down before we start getting into the area of our actual natural nail. Then once you're done curing, you're going to cleanse off the tacky layer. If you feel like your nail is perfectly smooth, you can go right into your color application, but I usually recommend that people cleanse off this inhibition layer. And then what we can do is file this nail into the correct length and shape that we want before we do our color. And that also allows you to address any lumps and bumps that you might have. So let's take a look at this up close. So we want to look at the overall thickness and make sure that we have the correct shape. So, we want to have at least a concentration of product here in this general stress area. We want to make sure we have enough product here on these sidewall areas so that our nail isn't prone to twisting or pinching or cracking on the sides. So, give your nail a good look. You can always add more product if you need to, but this is basically what it's going to look like once you kind of encapsulate that free edge. So, you can see the gel just extends past my natural nail maybe by a couple millimeters. Then what you can do is you can take your nail file and you can file this gel into shape just like you would if you were shaping your natural nail. I like to use a little bit of a 45° angle on my nail file so that I'm not creating a super blunt edge. I'm creating a little bit more of a refined edge. To explain beveing the free edge a little bit, when you file, you want to keep your nail file kind of under the nail rather than filing everything like this where it's perpendicular to the nail and creating a blunt edge. If we actually file under our nail, we end up refining the part underneath the product and even refining refining our natural nail underneath the product like on the sidewalls where this is going to end up meeting the natural nail. So when you do that, it's going to create a nice thin edge and it's going to tuck your natural nail underneath any product where the two meet. And you want to leave a little bit of product as you file. So don't file it all the way down to where it meets your natural nail. You want to leave a little bit of that micro extension. So, let me clean this off so you guys can see where that is. So, see how it's just a teeny teeny short amount of gel that goes past. You can even make this a little bit shorter if you want to, but you're going to want at least about a millimeter of product out in front of your natural nail. Like I said, this is great for people who tend to use their nails a lot. If you're, you know, you've got kids, you're washing dishes, you type a lot, any amount of friction on the edge of this product, especially with soakoff product, it's going to wear down. So, as we wear this down over the next two or 3 weeks, you'll even notice this sometimes with square nails where your square corners get a little bit more rounded over the period of time that you've been of wearing your nails. That's because of this wear and tear. So, any amount of friction just like this, rubbing, tapping, anything is going to start to wear on this product a little bit. So having this little micro extension that totally encapsulates our free edge of our nail is really going to help those of you who constantly get lifting at the free edge. It's usually a lifestyle issue. And this little bumper of product out here is going to allow you to apply product even if your nail is shorter than your skin. And you're going to have that that kind of buffer to be able to do things on the daily that might end up wearing your product down to your natural nail. If you want to file off any lumps and bumps, you can also do that by refining the actual top surface. Just do it nice and gently and slowly so that you're not removing too much product. But if you have any bumpy areas, you can just file on top of the nail a little bit just to refine those. Okay? And the goal is is that everything is going to kind of come towards this free edge in a nice smooth shape. When you're done with all of your filing and shaping, you can do one of two things. You can either apply gel polish color on top of this followed by your top coat or if you're someone who wants to keep an overlay like this but wear nail polish, you can finish your overlay with a top coat. I really recommend attain shine because it is going to prevent any type of staining or issues with removal from acetone. Um it'll protect the soakoff overlay even though you're wearing nail polish on top. Nail polish solvents sometimes can eat at soak off product as well as the color and nail polish can sometimes stain the overlay just like it would on natural nails. So finish your clear overlay with some nice resilient top coat and then you can actually put regular nail polish and regular nail polish top coat on top because this nail no longer bends or flexes very much like our natural nail does. Your nail polish will last a really long time compared to if it was a natural nail manicure. If you want to wear gel polish, you can simply apply gel polish over the top of this overlay. And when you go to remove your color, you're going to e- file off your color or hand file off your color, which we'll talk about in a future tutorial. But this is a great way to protect your natural nails. Also allow you to have a little bit more forgiveness on wear and tear on the free edge without constantly getting that separation that makes you want to redo your nails too frequently.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ToshaRaeNailed [3 likes]: Loving all the education!  Thank you so much!  I’ve been binge watching on my tv all week.
  2. @attaincosmetics [2 likes]: I share this education freely because I believe everyone deserves access to better nail knowledge. If you’re here primarily for education and would still like to support the channel, joining my YouTube membership is a great way to do that. Memberships help keep long-form, education-first content like this accessible and sustainable. You can join by clicking the JOIN button.

Thanks for being here and taking the time to learn intentionally.
  3. @pamela9662: Why don't you leave info on sending care packages???
  4. @BellaVidaMercy: Love this tutorial! Thank you! 💗
  5. @YUSHIE98: Thank you so much Liz!! Now I have a better understanding of the bumper needed for my nails!! 🎉 God bless!
  6. @hammypie: Can I do what you did in this video with Trinity? Will it work just as good? I've only used this product once so I'm not too familiar but it was ok to work with so far.
  7. @helenebardsen651: Is it the base C you use still when making it or a builder? I didn't catch that 🤪
  8. @moyse001: So helpful thank you! I struggle with nail forms creating gaps under my nails, and the product leaks through. Could it be a need to try a different shape/brand of nail form? Thanks so much, I’ve learnt to do my own gel through your precise videos and lack of waffle and still learn something every time! Really amazing resource
  9. @TheCupofthea: Hi ! To do this you used just the base coat or a builder gel after the base coat ? 
Thank you

- What to know about health impacts of poor air quality as several fires burn in SoCal: Kind: captions Language: en full First Alert 7-Day Colleen back over to you. All right, Melissa, thank you. Heading into the holiday weekend, you might have a few questions about dealing with the bad air out there. You might be wondering, what if I have outdoor plans or my kids are playing in a baseball tournament? What if I work outside? Maybe even. How do I keep my pet safe? Our Annabelle Sedano sat down with NBC 4 health expert nurse Alice. When we talk about impacting our health, I mean, we can have those side effects for months. Absolutely. And some of these side effects are really can feel kind of minor, more like nuisances. But indeed they are side effects of smoke inhalation, things like coughing, dizziness, headaches, eyes are watery and burning, nose, throat irritation, those type of things are minor symptoms that we kind of brush off. But really smoke inhalation and poor air quality can impact those and cause those things to happen for weeks after the initial incident. At what point does it become dangerous? I mean, could we go outside for 30 minutes and be okay? I'm not going to advise staying outdoors for a prolonged period of time, and I'm going to call 30 minutes prolonged period of time. Now, if you're running to the car to grab a grocery bag and come back in, that's fine. But if you're going to be out any, any longer than I would say 10 or 15 minutes, you definitely, definitely should have an N95 mask on. And then just evaluate, do I really need to be outside for this prolonged period of time? Is this something that I could possibly do later? Because that extended exposure to smoke can really cause some detrimental health issues? What about going to the beach? Is that a safer option? I wish it was because I love going to the beach, but you're still outdoors. And what we know about these fine particles is gas and smokes. They can travel for hundreds to thousands of miles away from the initial fire site. We don't need to see smoke. You don't need to even smell it. But it can still be in the air for people who work outside. Many of them don't have the luxury of taking a day off or waiting for the air to clear. What do you advise them? Yes, it's very challenging when we have to be at work, but in conditions like this, when there's poor air quality, your health is really still at stake. So I advise people in those situations to one first, do a self evaluation. If you're someone who has preexisting medical conditions, that's the time where perhaps you talk to your employer, talk to your boss and see if there is a way to reschedule said work. Or maybe you can do something remotely or just differently. But then also, if you feel like you need a little backup, talk to your health care provider. Because for people who have preexisting medical conditions, it actually can be very harmful for you to be outdoors. And if you're outdoors for, let's say, an eight hour day, okay, fine, you did the work. Your boss is happy, but that could land you in a hospital visit or an extended hospital stay for actually, you know, several days. So I think it's very important conversation to bring up. But if you have to be outdoors, wear an N95 mask, make sure you take frequent breaks. And then even when you get home from work, make sure to remove that clothing when you enter shower right away. We don't want any of those outdoor particles getting indoors and then circulating inside. What about our pets? Oh pets too. Those are extended family. So just as much as you know, we love our pets. We want to take care of them too. They too. The particles, those can land into their fur. And then they're running around the house on the couch, in the bed. And then it further spreads everything. And you can still have exposure, but we want to take care of them too. So make sure that you're washing them frequently. And then also they don't need to be outdoors perhaps as long, you know, I know we love going to

  Top Comments:
  1. @ColeJoe-d9g [1 likes]: Honestly it's not that serious, Californians are soo sensitive smh 🤦 ... 99% of news is bad news
  2. @BryanGarcia-kb9he: 2nd comment
  3. @ibthumper2: Gavin, we need a wild fire tax to save our lungs and save the children. Every subject breathing must be levied.

- Economics Expert Reacts to the 2026 Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Lethan, welcome back, mate. >> Yeah, good day, Mark. Thanks for having me back on. >> Been a really busy week or so. Um, of course, the budget was last week. Um, and by now, what's good about doing this interview for me anyway right now is I've sort of started to absorb and sort of think through the budget a lot more, both from lots of points of views, not the least of which is my own personal point of view, but but also, you know, the person the points of view of of the community that listens to me and um to some extent listens to you too. We got slightly different communities, but nonetheless, but let me just start off right from the very beginning. The thing that really bothers a lot of people these days is interest rates, and they're meant to bother people because that's exactly what the Reserve Bank's mandate is, is to change our behavior through uh increasing interest rates. And interest rates and inflation, more importantly, are sensitive to fiscal policy. Uh last week's budget is a piece of fiscal policy. maybe um what do you see that budget as doing relative to inflation? >> Yeah. So I don't think that budget on its own is going to really change to a trajectory that we're on beforehand. So unfortunately, you know, we we let if we go if we step back a few months, right? So before the war in the Middle East kicked off at the end of February, we had obviously higher inflation than what the RBA wanted. So core inflation was above the target >> 3.8 and 3.3 trimmed >> that. Yeah. Spot on. So, so you know, it was above the target and the RBA obviously responded by doing the first rate hike, right? So, we went into this this Middle East crisis with, you know, above target inflation and and let's be honest, a lot of that high inflation was being caused by excessive government spending. So, we've got basically the federal government running a wartime expansionary budget. You know, pretty much the biggest budget we've had since the height of the pandemic and also going back to the Second World War as a as a share of the economy. So they're obviously spending way too much and uh and and and this budget to me doesn't really change that, right? So they're not really cutting back. I mean, obviously there's there's some uh talk about cutting the NDIS spending going forward, which is good. I don't know how they're going to reach their targets because we've just had double digit annual growth in the NDIS. They want to get it down to 2% annual growth for to the end of the decade and then 5% after that. I don't think that's really achievable. And a lot of that will actually involve shifting costs elsewhere. So they want to sort of move autism out of the NDIS. um that'll just go into other programs, right? So, it be spent somewhere else. Um but, you know, overall the the budget's not really doesn't well to me at least doesn't seem to be doing much to actually contract government spending and therefore it's not going to contract that much from aggregate demand and then for therefore take pressure off interest rates. So, mate, I personally think we're just we're going to be stuck in this sort of, you know, stagflationary environment for a while. Uh obviously, we've got the global oil shock now. Now, we're starting to get the second round impacts of that. So we got the initial inflationary shock from the higher fuel prices and then now we're seeing the second round and you're obviously in the property you know you obviously know a lot about the property sector. Well, a lot of developers now are talking about, you know, rising input costs on, uh, um, you know, cement, bricks, um, wood, uh, timber, all sorts of things now are starting to feed into that process. And, uh, you know, the RBA governor, Michelle Bulock is very concerned now about the second round impacts from from the inflation whereby businesses, um, start getting those higher costs from the fuel, then they start passing them on. And in fact, the latest NAB business survey showed that input costs have surged and final prices, which is the cost that they pass on to consumers, have not yet surged. So I think we're now going to get that second round impact from the higher fuel prices, which is just going to, you know, feed a second round inflationary impact. So unfortunately, it's a perfect storm, mate. We've got excessive government spending still on top of, you know, fuel shocks and now second round uh impacts from from those fuel shocks. So unfortunately it's just going to it's a bit of a nightmare for the Reserve Bank. >> So at least I and maybe a little bit later we'll if you got time if we got time we'll we'll actually visit some of the more aggressive sides of the um budget. Let's just look at it though from a fiscal point of view, fiscal policy point of view just to let the audience understand. Reserve Bank runs monetary policy try to control inflation and um unemployment or employment full employment by virtue of using interest rates up or down. Um but the but they're stuck with inflation. The fiscal policy is a government's game where they can sort of look at things like um standard living in a country maybe help growth you know help our prosperity at the same time not ignoring welfare because you know you don't want people to be sort of sliding off and going downhill. Um but these two have to work together. Maybe you could explain to us as an economist explain to us the audience um the sort of general view around fiscal policy how it should be done in an ideological way like and I don't mean from a labor point of view or a liberal point of view but what does a country what are the people looking for what what do we expect I know you haven't done a survey but as an economist what do people expect from a a um a federal budget from federal f fiscal policy in terms of all the other aspects as opposed to the little ideological things like you know rich people should be paying more tax on their property gains. >> Well well well for me personally uh there there's two things. First of all you want the governments to spend money properly right? So you know this is why they matter. So basically the federal budget accounts for about one quarter of uh national spending right so we should care about it right. So basically you know and and and obviously that one quarter of spending is p primarily raised through taxes. They tax us workers businesses etc. and then they spend that money which is about a quarter of the nation's spending right so it does matter so the first thing we should want is that that money is spent as you know uh as well targeted and spent as efficiently as possible which I don't think we're getting and the second second thing from an economic point of view is you want the the government to spend u you know you you want it spending to align with the economic cycle so at the moment uh obviously we've got inflation above target etc and the government's running expansionary fiscal policy when really it should be and it's working at cross purposes with the reserve bank. So, uh what one of my buddies Terry Brooker is an economist. He actually coined the term burnout economics and we've got a bit of a burnout economy at the moment whereby the reserve bank's got its foot planted on the break hiking interest rates trying to slow the economy down. You got the governments and I'm blaming the federal government. It's also the states as well. The states are also spending big but we've got governments basically with a foot planted on the accelerator. So they're working at cross purposes of the RBA which means the RBA's got to hike rates harder etc. So for me personally and I guess an an economic point of view you want a governments to spend our money properly because again the federal budget is 25% of economic spending and once you add the states it's about 40%. And b you want the uh governments to be working hand inhand with the reserve bank trying to boost the economy when it's needed you know i.e. recession and slow the economy when you have times like this. But unfortunately, our governments are working at cross purposes with the Reserve Bank. >> So if the government was spending the money properly, and I think you mean that in two parts. Um how much they spend relative to how much they raise and and the government's revenue is taxes, our money, but also where they spend the money. Um >> and efficiency of spending. >> Efficiency. Yes. When you say the government current government spending is expansionary, what do you mean by that? Like it's what do you mean expansionary? It's going to um increase demand and therefore increase prices uh therefore increase inflation. >> Yeah. So basically so so you have aggregate demand, right? So that's that's that's the total demand in the economy and at the moment we've got aggreate demand running uh ahead of supply. So that's basically the capacity of the economy to cope with that demand and because we got low productivity. >> L you mean aggreate demand for goods and services? Yes, just overall economic activity spending um is running above what the economy's capacity is to accommodate that spending. And when you get that, you get too much demand pushing up against against supply, you get higher higher prices, which is basically what we've got, right? And and and part of that is not just a uh spending story, it's also a productivity story, which we can get into as well. Um unfortunately Australia's productivity growth in the last decade if you look at the OECD we've been amongst the very poorest in the OECD and because we we've got very low poor productivity growth we've also had very poor growth in household disposable income. So again our growth in household disposable incomes which is sort of the best single measure I guess for living standards um is actually been amongst the poorest in the OECD as well. So we have this economy that that has a very slow speed limit on growth. So the RBA I think puts it about 2%. Um and yet we've got the government which is pumping demand through its excessive spending which is pushing us above that speed limit. And that's one of the reasons why we have this this inflationary problem. >> Why would government do that? I mean they're not stupid. I mean maybe they are but um generally speaking let's make the presumption that they're not stupid. Is this an ideological thing? Why would they do that? >> Yeah. I mean good question. I mean they they certainly shouldn't be doing that but but obviously they have uh you know things they want to spend their money on and and our money. >> Yeah, absolutely mate. It it's 25% of roughly the the you know the economy's uh demand is generated by the federal budget. So and 40% once you add the states thereabouts. So you know this is we're talking big bucks here and every dollar of that spending by the federal government um not including what they borrow. borrow a bit as well, but every dollar of that's got to be raised by tax revenue and that comes from, you know, obviously households and businesses and that sort of thing. So, which is why we should all care because ultimately it's our money that the government's spending and I'd argue I mean I argue that they're not spending it particularly well in in a lot of areas. there's a lot of waste uh you know right across NDIS um the green infrastructure all this sort of stuff all like a lot of this uh so-called um you know green projects and that are also incredibly wasteful with the snowy hydro 2.0 I know, but there's a whole bunch of them. Uh we we've blown billions of dollars on green hydrogen, which was never feasible in the first place. You just look right across the board, there's a lot of waste, and we've also have way too many bureaucrats. The growth in the bureaucracy across the state and federal government has just been excessive as well. So and if you actually look at the productivity in the government funded sector so it's not actually just public service they call it the non-market sector which is basically the public service plus uh healthcare and social systems which is driven by the NDIS at the moment and uh the education sector the productivity growth in that sector is basically back where it was about 25 years ago. So, it's gotten so bad and that's one of the reasons why the why the economy has such poor productivity growth because we have this bloating in this non-market sector that is crowding out the private sector or the market sector which actually is growing in in productivity terms and that's dragging down the nation's overall productivity growth. It's one of the reasons why we have amongst the poorest productivity growth in the OECD and then also amongst the poorest real per capita household disposable income growth over the last decade. So unfortunately it's not a great equation. >> So when you talk about um the the let's call it the government or the non-market sector expanding and growing um and as I understand has probably grown more um over the last couple of years than it ever has in its history as a percentage um and then you talk about the markets part of the economy that's the private part part of the economy private businesses etc. Is the private part of the economy is that shrinking or is it just lot a much lower percentage of the total because the public sector has grown much more. How's that working? >> Yeah. No. So, so in the light since about the start of 2023 about 2/3 of the job growth has been in this non-market sector. So, the market sector is growing. It's just growing at an incredibly slow rate. And it's I mean I guess once you once you probably adjust for uh you know inflation that sort of thing it's probably barely growing but it's having the the so the the share of the economy that is now being taken up with this uh government funded sector the non-market sector continues to expand as a share and um so at the moment the the non-market sector accounts for about 31 a.5% of total jobs and if you went back say a decade it was about I think it was about 27%. So it it keeps growing its share of the economy and it's actually that this non-market sector the government funded sector has accounted for as I said about 2/3 of the job growth since the start of 2023 and actually most of the and the majority of the jobs growth since the pandemic. So um you know unfortunately uh that's that's not a great story from from a productivity viewpoint where when labor productivity growth in that sector has fallen sharply it's now tracking back where it was about 20 to 25 years ago. So it it that that is one of the reasons why Australia's productivity growth has lagged so so poorly. It's not the only one but it's certainly one of them. >> So when we look at let's call it gross domestic GDP growth um which is sort of mentioned earlier on is sort of the RBA is tracking it around saying around 2.2 2.1 whatever the percentage is and uh and of course you know that's one way we measure government's activity. We you know we'll say look you know GDP was great. You've done a good job. one measure one measure of how well the uh the government's you know from a financial point of view is measuring the managing the country's economy where does immigration fit into that and uh and how is immigration the the large numbers immigration historically large numbers in immigration how do they fit into GDP >> yeah so so obviously if you import more people uh that that's more inputs in the economy you're going to get more outputs but so un unfortunately for the last two decades so so we've been running this very high migration for about 20 years kicked off in the mid-200s and ever since then it's been very high and that has actually driven the majority of Australia's overall GDP growth and our per capita growth has been appalling it's actually fallen uh that the growth in per capita GDP which is actually what should matter for living standards has actually been falling for that 20-year period and it so you know for example in in the most recent year my me if my memory serves me correct immigration um was was about 1.1% of the population. Right? So when you look at the overall GDP in Australia, you've got to deduct that straight off to get your per capita measure. And over the last sort of several years, we've um we actually had growth the last quarter, but we actually had uh I think it was like eight out of 12 quarters, we've actually gone backwards in per capita GDP. And that and that just tells you that the growth that Australia's experienced over certainly since the pandemic has been predominantly through population growth. And I'd argue that's actually through population growth through immigration but also government spending by this expansion of non-market sector. So if you actually looked at look at uh you know I guess per capita growth in the private economy it's been absolutely appalling. So unfortunately our economy has become uber reliant on high population growth through immigration as well as as well as this expansion of the non-market government funded uh economy which obviously is you know not very good for living standards but it does make the GDP look better. So if if I look at those two propositions then and it might be unfair but let me know what you think those two propositions that is um building the employment numbers up by offering more jobs both the federal and state which means your unemployment number looks pretty healthy at 4.2 or 4.3 whatever it is at the moment. Um, so everyone goes, "Wow, I've got a job." And the Australian unemployment number looks great. And um, you know, treasurers, you know, go up and stand up in front of the public and say, "Look, we've got really good unemployment." If you look at that one aspect, that's government offering jobs. Two, government allowing immigration to continue on at a fast rate than ever has been in the last 20 years. But nonetheless, it has been a we do take a lot of people in relatively speaking, but we're taking many more than we have have in the past, which somehow makes the headline GDP number look fair enough whether it's 2 2.1%. But when you do it on a per capita basis, we're going backwards. Would is it a from a fiscal point policy point of view, is it a a fair thing to say that governments can manipulate measures of how the economy is going by playing games with us, letting more people in the country and employing more people. And I'm not saying that this is what their intention is. It looks a bit that way, but I'm not saying that. But how would you look at that as an economist? >> Yeah, 100% mate. So the the federal government so we'll take the immigration thing first, right? So the federal government loves big migration, right? And it loves it for two main reasons. So the federal government collects about 80% of the nation's tax revenue. So it is the mass the major beneficiary for running a big immigration program because it imports hundreds of thousands of people every year. Most of those people obviously work. They pay personal income taxes. Personal income taxes go to the federal government. You also get a little bit more company tax revenue from you know sort of consumerf facing firms that sort of thing banks whatever you got to lend uh lend to these people. So you get a little bit more company tax. So the federal government collects all the bounty from immigration primarily again through personal income taxes. But the cost of that immigration then gets deferred onto other areas of the economy. So, for example, the state governments typically lose because the state governments have got to fund the fund the infrastructure, uh we're talking schools, hospitals, uh roads, uh public transport, all that sort of thing. And as a result, the state governments lose. Um us as individuals often lose as well because the state governments and and and you obviously live in Sydney, right? So, if you go back to Sydney at the turn of the century, I think you had about two toll roads and Sydney's population was, you know, about 4 million people. you now added 1 and a half million people since then to accommodate all those people cuz Sydney was already built out. Um they've had to build toll roads everywhere, right? And they've privatized them. So So now you can't drive around Sydney without Transurban putting a hand in your pocket and fleecing you for tolls. And that was those tolls were built to keep up with the immigration forced upon Sydney by the federal government effectively. Um and and and the other reason why the federal government loves big migration is because it obviously pumps up GDP, right? So there's nothing a politician hates more than having to front the camera and you know had overall GDP's gone backwards and we're in recession. But Australia's basically avoided a recession uh outside of co uh since the early '90s by running a very high migration program that is way bigger than just about every other country in the world. And that's basically boosted artificially boosted our headline GDP figures even though our per capita growth has been appalling. So we've basically grown the economic pie by importing way more people than just about anywhere else. But everyone's slice of the pie hasn't improved. And that that's effectively the the mechanism that the federal government uses. A it boosts the federal budget by bringing in all these extra people. The costs are deferred elsewhere. And it also makes the economy look better than it is. And that's basically why the federal government does that. Um obviously we've got this you know this NDIS white elephant which is driving a lot of that non-market uh sector jobs. So the government has boosted the number of bureaucrats quite a lot. But the bigger the bigger boost to um to the jobs has actually been through the NDIS. That has been you know the the single biggest job booster since the pandemic has been through the NDIS and because the because that program has expanded so aggressively that's been one of the main drivers of why Australia's had such strong job growth. And it's also arguably the single biggest reason why Australia's unemployment rates at 4.3% and it's, you know, 5% New Zealand and over 5% in Canada and higher in these other places around the world. We we we our labor market has been artificially supported by this huge government spending. Um, you know, a lot of that is through the NDIS and and that's made the labor market look better than it actually is. So we we we do we we have a bit of a false economy at the moment Mark whereby we're running a huge immigration program and then also got this big government spending. So where it's a private sector economy uh the per capita and private sector economies are actually very weak. What would you have liked to seen in the budget then in relation to those two factors? Um that is what government spends money on and how much they spend relative to how much they take in. And what should they have done? What would you have liked to seen them to be done in relation to immigration policy? >> Well, I I I'll do immigration first. Just got to start with that before. Unfortunately, the federal budget actually revised up immigration. So, every single budget that the Albanese government's had since they got elected has undersshot. So they've they've come out with forecast immigration and they've overshot it. And uh since in their first I think it's three point uh three and three and one quarter years since they came to office. That's all I got data for. >> Uh we've had about 1.3 million net overseas migrants land in that period which is astonishingly high. That's that's like uh I'm trying to remember how many how many per day. It's it's yeah it's an enormous amount. It's like 1,150 net overseas migrants per day I think it is. >> Wow. It's a it's a huge number. Basically double the the previous two governments per day. Uh almost double. And um unfortunately this federal budget that came out last week actually upgraded net overseas migration by 55,000. So about 35,000 this financial year and 25 uh 20,000 next financial year. So unfortunately they have lost control of migration and that's and that is the fundamental what it's the primary reason why we have a rental crisis in this country because we've had this massive surge in in people who need housing and you feel it first through the rental market because most migrants who come to Australia they rent before they buy right so so almost all will rent and we've had this huge crash in the rental banks you rate because the supply side of the housing market the construction side is completely bottlenecked at the moment about a 40% increase in cost since the pandemic costs are now rising again because of this oil uh this this energy shock. Obviously, we got much higher interest rates. So, during the second half last decade when we had that big high-rise apartment building boom, the cash rate was 1 and a half%. Now, it's 4.35%. Likely to go to 4.6 or 4.85 by the end of the year. So, that's obviously constrained on construction. We've got labor shortages or all these sorts of things. So the government's basically pumped in huge amounts of people into a supply constrictor market that's driven up rents. Uh according to Kitality, the median advertised rent nationally has increased by 50% now since the end of 2019. That's added over $11,000 per year to the cost of renting the median home if you use figures. So it's a huge hit. Um so yeah, I would have loved to have seen the government actually, you know, tighten up the migration system considerably. Canada has actually done that Mark. So Canada which also has a left uh left of center Labor type government they call the Liberals over there but it's basically the Labor equivalent. Canada experienced a massive explosion in immigration post pandemic and a similar surge in rents and uh all all the similar problems that we've got in Australia. But unlike Australia, the Canadian Liberal Gu in mid 2024 actually did a 3-year population freeze and they've actually uh slashed temporary migration. So they've sent a lot of temporary migrants home. They've also cut the permanent migrant intake by 20%. And Canada recorded its first population decline since the Second World War last year. It actually lost 25,000 people. And guess what? Canada's had 19 consecutive months of falling rents. >> Wow. >> Because it's taken the pressure off off housing. Now that that is a template that Australia should be doing something like that, but unfortunately the government doesn't have any will uh will to do that. And on the budget side, my my biggest um gripe with the budget is that that the the federal government's found all these different ways to raise tax, right? We got the capital gains tax, negative gearing, uh taxes on trusts, and some of that is justified, some of it not, which I'm sure we'll get into. But my issue with it is that they didn't use that extra money uh which which they're raising to then index say marginal tax scales to inflation because Australia's um Australia is one of the most reliant economies in the world on personal income taxes. Okay. 52% of the federal budgets tax revenue comes from personal income taxes. And despite the fact that we've uh us as Australians as a whole, we've we've experienced about a 6% decline in real wages since the pandemic. So, we've all gone backwards on on average once you adjust for inflation. We're all paying much higher taxes because our nominal wage growth, that's wage growth that hasn't kept up with inflation, but our wages have gone up, has pushed us into higher tax brackets. And every year we're paying higher and higher average tax rates. And the absurdity of it was I did some analysis last week on it market. This is shows you the absurdity of the personal income tax system. The median full-time salary now in Australia is just over $100,000. It's about 100,000. Whereas the top margin tax rate kicks in at 190. So you only you only need to earn 1.9 times the median full-time salary in Australia to pay the top margin tax rate. And if you extrapolate the federal budget's figures over the next 3 years, um in 3 years time roughly, the median full-time salary is going to be over 108,000. And by that stage, you only have to earn 1.75 times the median to pay the top M tax rate. And if the government doesn't fix this situation, we're going to have this situation whereby average tax rates rise every single year, despite the fact that once you adjust for inflation, we're barely experiencing any wage growth. And in fact, the Reserve Bank of Australia forecasts that by 2028, Australians are going to basically over the next several years, we're going to experience zero real wage growth. So, we're going to go back uh backward for the next year or so because wages aren't going to keep up with inflation. Then, we're going to catch it up a bit. But despite that, we're going to keep paying these higher and higher average tax rates. So, what what I would have loved to have seen the government do is actually index those tax scales by by at least the midpoint of the RBA's ban. So index them by 2.5% every year and that way the government wouldn't experience this forever rising uh you know tax revenue from personal income taxes because the government doesn't have to do anything at the moment. They can do nothing and just let inflation push us all into higher tax brackets. And the federal budget actually forecasts that the federal government's tax take from personal income taxes will rise from 52% this year to 54 a.5% in about 3 years. Oh sorry by by 2030. >> Wow. So, so, so, so, so they are forecasting more and more tax. And the thing that annoys me about it is they, if you give the government more spending and you have no cap on what they can raise off you, they're just going to spend it and waste it. Whereas, if you actually index the tax scales to 2.5%, which is the midpoint of the Reserve Bank's target band, they wouldn't experience this ever rising personal income taxes every single year. And they'd have to actually have to budget better than how they spend our money. And and and that's the thing that annoys me about it because they can literally do nothing every year while our incomes go backwards because it doesn't you know they don't keep up with inflation. They still collect more and more taxes off every single year. And and and that to me is the biggest single failing on this budget. It was a tax grab not tax reform. And what they should have done is actually use the extra revenue from closing these loopholes using that quote unquote to um to then lower taxes on workers because the workers are the ones who are going to absolutely hammered. So are you saying le that the extra money that the government's going to raise from all the changes is basically just going to be spent and but nothing's going to come back to workers or whoever by changing the um point at which the higher tax brackets start to kick in relative to your wages. >> Yeah. It's well it's going to get worse because it's not just the it's not just the people in the top rate. It's it happens right across the tax board. Yeah. Yeah. cuz every every single year um even if you don't necessarily move into a higher tax bracket cuz you're you're still stuck between your average tax rate still goes up cuz the higher share of your earnings gets at that higher rate that you're on. >> So every single year our average tax rates go up despite the fact that our real wales uh if you adjust the wage price index from the ABS with inflation it's falling by about 6%. Since >> so you talk tax reform so this is not tax reform this is extra tax. So do you say that would you say that this um the narrative that's being um pushed around in relation to by the government in relation to this budget is um dishonest because I mean they're not stupid people. They know exactly all the stuff that you know they know if they don't know Treasury would have told them. Um they go out and say that this is a tax reform budget and uh it's great for Australia etc. and we're going to lower rents and we've got a Treasury paper that says rents are only going to go up go up by $2 a month or a week. Um, and that we're going to make more houses available for younger people, etc. Is it is it therefore dishonest >> a little bit? So, so look, I I I I'll be honest. I I personally don't care that they've done the CGT and the negative gearing on established housing. So my my personal view is um if you reduce demand for property investors into the established market, you're not going to really impact supply pretty much at all, but you will actually reduce >> Yeah. Yeah. But but you will reduce some demand obviously and that will help to lower prices at the margin. >> And if you actually look at the mortgage uh I've actually got a great chart. So it's basically it compares mortgage um mortgage finance commitments for investors versus first home buyers. And they're basically the polar opposite, right? So when when investor mortgage demand goes up, first home buyers goes down. And that tells you that that investors tend to crowd out first home buyers. So if you if you do reduce that investor demand a bit, you're going to get more first home buyers in the market. You're going to get slightly lower prices. You're going to increase the home ownership rate a little bit. That's all fine. But at the same time, the government has ramped up immigration, which is which hurts first home buyers because first home buyers typically rent before they buy. So if you're pushing up rents because of the high immigration, well, it takes them longer to save a deposit and also higher immigration does put some upward pressure on house prices. It has more of an impact on rents, but does do a little bit. So it's a double whammy for first home buyers. Secondly, if they want to talk about intergenerational equity and that sort of thing. Well, obviously young people who need to buy homes, they're wage and salary earners and they're getting more and more of their um their income taken every year by bracket creep, right? which makes it harder to purchase housing, makes it harder to live in general, the government's done nothing about that and they're going to continue to tax them to buggery. And thirdly, if you want to fix intergenerational equity, well, you don't want to um you don't you don't want to put young people into more debt, uh more public debt. So now if you go back to sort of the start of the century um if you average averaged out the federal or the federal and state debt per capita it was a couple thousand bucks ahead. Now it's tens of thousand dollars ahead right because because both states and federal governments have run up so much debt. Now, that just means if you're born today, you're born negative tens of thousands of dollars in debt because of decisions that people who came before you made. Like the government's before you made. So, if you actually want to, you know, improve intergenerational equity, well, it might be a good idea if the government actually spends our money a little bit better and doesn't run up this big debt tab because then that'll hurt young people. So, you know, there's a few facets here. Yes, they um I don't really care about the negative gearing and capital gains tax changes on established housing. I think that's good at the margin. There's a whole lot of stuff that's not good, but they've but they've given up those small gains for running a much higher immigration program than they should. Um penalizing wage and salary earners through bracket creek, which the federal, as I said, the federal budget itself um forecast higher tax collections from personal income taxes ahead. So, they're going to squeeze us harder. And then also by spending too much and running up this the this uh you know Commonwealth debt as well as state debt separately which also is a which is basically stealing off future generations. So that those are Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So sorry. So so those are basically my three big issues from an intergenerational perspective. >> Le so maybe we could just have a look at this point and I think it's an important point. um you raised the fact that um this budget did not look at um uh the adjusting tax when the higher tax rates uh kick in for various for anybody and um and they do talk about inter intergenerational inequity and as I've said earlier I mean you know Costello talked about intergenerational equity in the uh 2000s period and one of the things that he said in order to make sure we don't have intergenerational inequity is to make sure that we have fiscal uh restraint in other words we don't spend more than we raise and when we spend more than we raise we raise money from two places that's taxes and debt the government borrows money and and Castello's thesis or hypothesis was that um we should not leave debt to our children and grandchildren etc because that is actual one form of intergenerational equity given where we're at the moment in terms of national debt and forget state debt for the moment that gets added as a national debt the national debt number only um do you think that that's a it's a fair argument for for this government to uh run that uh and their narrative is it that this budget is directed at inter intergenerational inequity and and writing intergenerational inequity. Do you think that's a fair narrative? >> No, no, no, no, I don't. For for for those, you know, for those two reasons. Obviously, the government continues to run up debt. So, uh I think uh think Chris Richardson on last week and he he he reckons net debt the comwalth level is about $600 billion. There's another um figures gone out there saying it's about a trillion, but he used the term 600 billion. He's a lot smarter than me on budget issues. I'm not going to contradict that. But but that's um that alone would be about $22,000 per head. I think it is per per capita. Uh again, you know, if we go back to the start of the century or you know, early in the century, we had almost no government debt. So, right from the start now, once you're born into Australia, you're born with this, you know, 20,000 plus dollars of of of debt going on Chris Richardson figures. Um, and secondly, obviously, we've got, you know, personal income taxes now are taking a higher and higher share of the federal budget and higher and higher share of our wages. So, the government is basically taxing us to death as well. And that and that's only looking at the personal income tax side, not across all the taxes across pretty much everywhere across the economy. So I'd argue that um yeah the government can't make that argument because a its debt is growing and it's and it's at a it's not not at an internationally high level but it's at a obviously the trajectory is bad as well as it's taking more and more of uh our incomes every year through taxation. So yeah I I don't agree with that premise. >> One of the intergenerational inequities is that young people can't afford to buy a house um or or apartment or dwelling. um what are the sort of things that economists would like to see in a you know a government budget um in terms of policy um that would could potentially address that. >> Okay. So so I'm I'm not your typical economist on this. So it's a lot of economists don't uh probably won't agree with me on this but first of all I mean the government needs to run an immigration program that is below the nation's capacity to build houses and infrastructure. So for the last 20 years we haven't done that. We've we've obviously run a incredibly strong immigration program and it's pretty much crush loaded everything. So, it's crush loaded infrastructure. It's it's crush loaded housing. We haven't built enough housing to keep up. I think that's pretty self-evident. So, the first best solution is to not do that and uh slow immigration and make sure that your immigration program is a lot better targeted towards you know genuine high skills not this sort of volume approach. So my my my my view on immigration is the government's running a sort of uh quantity over quality program and we should be running a quality over quantity program and and some of that does also include uh you know ensuring that a higher share of the migrants that you get actually work in construction because at the moment a tiny share of um of of migrants that we bring into Australia now actually work in trades working in construction. So, as a result, they're adding more to demand for infrastructure, demand for housing than they're actually adding to supply. Um, so that that' be the first thing you fix. Um, that there's always the arguments around planning and all those sorts of things, but the federal government does can't do a lot about that. It could bring in some financial incentives for the states to sort of streamline regulations and that sort of thing. Um, that there's that stuff. Obviously the tax policy settings I think I think as I said before I don't u I don't disagree with with with treating I guess investors into established housing a little bit more harshly than they were previously. Um that should reduce some investor demand and obviously help first home buyers a bit. But again it's really just tinkering at the margins. Like that's sort of a band-aid. It's not fixing the underlying issues. Um so yeah th those the the main thing the number one thing would be to run a significantly smaller and better targeted immigration program. That should be number one. And number two I'd you know I wouldn't mind seeing the um the federal government actually provide some incentive payments to the states a little bit like they used to with the competition payments for the states to actually you know speed up um or get rid of uh red tape and that sort of thing in the building sector not just the building sector in other sectors across the economy as well. Cuz honestly, mate, I think Australia is drowning in red and green tape at the moment. And it seems the government's always want to add more regulators of things. So, we've just seen it with the with the energy system. The government is now adding a new energy regulator on top of all the energy regulators we've already got now for, you know, solar batteries and this sort of stuff. Well, I don't think we need more regulators in this country. We probably need less, but we need the regulators we've got to actually um, you know, streamline regulation and make it easier to do business in this country. But we always seem to add more and more layers every single year which just makes it even harder to do business whether that's building or you know infrastructure all this other stuff. >> What is that though? I mean I don't understand. I mean you might have a better concept of this but why do you think we adding more people to answer to that instead of um making us a growth style place? I mean what is the deal? >> Yeah. Well, I mean, you know, I think part of it is um once you start employing more and more bureaucrats, which which we've done at both levels of well, at both state and federal levels of government, the bureaucrats then need to justify their jobs. So there so in order to justify their jobs, they create regulations and that sort of thing. Um and and unfortunately, I think, you know, too many of our politicians, especially at the federal level, but also state, um and bureaucrats have never worked in the private sector, right? They never tried to start a business. um they they've so as a result they have a warped view of how the economy works and I think also having the federal government actually located in CRA probably doesn't help because it's because Camber is an absolute bubble away from pretty much detached from the rest of Australia. So, uh, yeah, look, it it it's we it is certainly a disease we've got here where the government just seems to add more and more regulations every single year across all areas of the economy and ultimately that just ends up stifling uh stifling the private sector, which ultimately is what grows the economy, right? The government should be trying to grow the pie, not trying to redistribute the pie. And it seems to be the government's just more more interested in how how to shuffle the deck chairs on the Titanic rather than making sure the the economy actually floats. >> So ju just on um stimulating the economy relative without I mean sort of private sector without sort of I don't mean uh trying to um create inflation or aggregate demand just stimulating people to stay in business or people to open up business. Can we just talk about the capital gains tax for a moment? Um there's been a lot of chat around town um particularly here in Sydney um about small startups um and there's been a lot of memes around it having now having Anthony Albanesey become your partner um but he doesn't turn up to be your partner until you sell the business at a profit. He's not going to and one of the memes I saw said he's not going to help you at any stage during the game. Um but he's going to put his hand out for 47% when you eventually sell and make a profit. What do you think about that part of the capital gains tax? some discussion relative to business startups. >> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. I I think it's a massive risk and the last thing that you want to do when you have business investment at a historical low versus you know uh relative to GDP like we've got very poor business investment in the country and that's another reason why I've got uh you know poor productivity growth. Um, but the last thing you want to do is stop people from having a go, right? Like you want you want people to go, you know what, I'm going to take a risk and I'm going to try and start I've got an idea and I'm going to try and start up a new business no matter what it is. Um, cuz often, you know, and and I've been there. I know you've been there, but when you when you start up these things, you take a massive hit to your salary. Uh, I I've never employed other people, but if you did, you obviously um, you know, you often can't afford to pay them the market rate. So you try and pay them through equity or whatever. Um, so you know, you you you basically for uh give up a lot, right? And you often start off with a business valuation of zero and you work your butt off. It often takes um takes a toll on your family. It's incredibly stressful. You work harder than you ever have before, but you earn less than you were previously because you're taking a risk and you know there's a there's a growth phase and that sort of thing. You the last thing you want to do is stop people from having a go and doing that. And I think one of the biggest risks from these capital gains tax tax changes is you are actually going to stifle entrepreneurs and you're also going to stifle venture capitalists. So venture capitalists well why why would they bother investing in Australia if you've got these sorts of rules when we got one of the highest capital gains tax you know regimes in the world. You just go and invest somewhere else. So ultimately I think that's one of the biggest risks from this budget. Now, I'm a little bit hardened by the fact that I I went through some of the the the budget fact sheet on the capital gains tax and the negative gear and there was a paragraph in there saying that they're going to consult with the startup business, the venture capitalist, that sort of thing. Um, and there has been, you know, Treasurer Charmers and uh Clare O'Neal, the housing minister, was quoting the media over the last few days saying that they're going to um, you know, consult on that and the the rules aren't finalized, etc. But I'm really hoping that the federal government carves out startups and venture capital and that sort of thing from these rules because it's the last thing we want, mate. Like the last thing you want to do is to stop people from having to go because if you do that, you're going to ultimately stifle productivity growth, stifle new business creation, stifle the economy, and that's ultimately going to lead to lower living standards and also mean that the government will probably end up collecting lower tax anyway because a business that's not started or created in the first place, well, you can't tax it, right? So that that was my biggest fear with these capital gains tax rules is actually the impact on on new startups and I think they've yeah I really hope they they >> there's a lot of chat there's a lot of Australians who um set their business up here in Australia but in order to raise money they've had to go off to San Francisco to raise money um you know they in Silicon Valley because that's where all the capital is or that's where all the big VCs are. Well, we got them here, too. But, you know, the really big ones who probably aren't as tough on um on those people raising money that they go over in the United States. But the chat over there and the memes that are coming out of from over there at the moment because I sort of follow this stuff um is about flipping out of Australia in terms of ownership. Flip your business into the US because the tax rate on capital gains in the US is only 15%. like relative to here is 47 will be 47% assuming you sell for quite a lot of money which is by the way the the assumption that all startups make otherwise they wouldn't be business in the first place they are ambitious and they believe in themselves and they they're just going to go overseas which you know we're going to have a brain drain but we're also going to start um you know uh redomiciling our intellect into other countries um I just think that's bad economic policy if if not just bad policy generally uh would you reflect on Yeah, absolutely, mate. That again, it's the last thing you want. The last thing you want to do is to stop new business creation, to stop um, you know, entrepreneurs from having a go because, you know, let's be honest. Um, if these rules were around, you know, a decade or so ago, we may not have got Atlassian. Uh, we may not have got Canva, who are like great Australian success stories. I'm not saying we we we may have got those things, but, you know, you're basically lessening the chance of having those sort of sorts of companies, but not even them. Like, they're obviously the big ones that we know about, right? They're the huge success stories, but there are a lot of, you know, medium-sized success stories which most of us have never heard about. Like just, you know, I meet people all the time who are um successful in business, but they're just not publicly known, right? But a lot of those people uh all businesses start from somewhere and you don't want to stop people from having a go. Cuz let's be honest, uh when you start a business, you know there's a good chance you're it's not going to succeed, but you sort of believe in yourself. And there that Yeah, >> I'm serious. >> Yeah, it's mate. It's very stressful. It is. It's incredibly st I was there like I was never in the stage of getting divorced, but when I started macro business, I was working at Goldman Sachs getting a very good salary and I quit that and I I took like a 2/3 maybe might even be 3/4 pay cut and I was working out of my bedroom and I reckon I was working three times as hard and it was incredibly stressful. It was a most stressful year of my life. Um, and it took a couple years to for my salary to sort of c catch up to where it was, like, you know, basically three years to get back to even where I was uh to get close to it. So, you know, you you do um the last thing you want to do is stop that uh stop well, not not everyone's going to not do it, but you you you don't want to lessen the chance of people giving the crack, right? And these rules will unfortunately just encourage people to go and work for the government, safe job, whatever, steady income or uh large corporation, whatever. whereas you want people to actually step out and and become the next Canva or the next you know the next big thing or even just the you know a good middlesized business which none of us have ever heard of but it's very profitable um you know there's lots of those across the economy as well you know >> also we probably if I could broaden out a little bit more I mean you want people to do what I did in the wizard days um took the banks on and reduced the interest rate people had to pay on their mortgages and made it more competitive >> which allowed more people to get into their homes or even better even more relevant. Um people who are out there now trying to build health tech solutions to dementia or whatever it is. Um and let's say they kick a goal. Um they don't want to have to be paying a ridiculous amount of income tax. Um you got to incentivize them somehow with the capital gains tax discounts that were previously available. That type of thing is important for um uh the benefit of Australia because all all Australians are going to get the benefit of that. I mean, every every Australian got the benefit of what Wizard, Aussie, Rams, what we did. Um, you know, and not everybody went with us, but 20% of the population did and probably we could say 20% of the population end up being able to afford to buy a home, which they may not have not may never have been able to afford if we hadn't come into the game. And we benefited from those capital gains tax discounts. All of us, all of us three players. Um, I just see this as really unfair. And actually, we talk about intergenerational inequity. That just means that that opportunity is not now not available unless they change the legislation, but it's not available to the young people who are going to come up with the idea that I came up with 30 years ago. Um that's not fair. >> Yeah, that's right. Cuz yeah, can I can I just add to that? So, so obviously, you know, someone my age or your age. I'm 48. You're um you know, I'm assuming Yeah. Assume a bit older, but you know, you we're sort of has >> um Yeah. Yeah. So, so, so these rules uh you know, impact the people who are coming up now, right? So, it's bad for them. But, you know, to your point, mate, I mean, you you you said that yourself and Rams and the others, you know, 20% of people use it. Well, it's it's actually 100% of mortgage holders benefited from it because you put competitive downward pressure on CBA, NAB, and all these other guys. So, even if people took loans through them, if um you know, if Wizard and Rams and the others hadn't come up, they would have charged more on those mortgages. So, you the competitive pressure that you applied actually lowered mortgage costs for everybody. And and and that's the sort of thing you want. You don't want people not having a go and starting up businesses which can then pressure the big boys, right? Um, you know, some someone comes up and can and can do it better than the established players. You want people to have have a crack at that because even if uh customers don't end up using those people, it'll then force the the the big boys of town, the big game of town then offer better deals. And you know, this is again the biggest risk from these capital gains tax changes. And I look I I am somewhat hopeful that the government's going to backtrack on this because I think the push back has been big enough and the fact that they've at least flagged that they're going to consult etc. I think they will end up I'm hoping car carving out startups etc from it which if they do that's great. >> What other is there anything else that we you would like to call out in from this budget that we haven't covered off because you're the economist and I'm not and uh what what else? >> Yeah. So yeah, so so I think also the 30% minimum CGT is a bit bit scummy as well. So um that that was clearly targeted self under retirees. So the reason why I think it's a bit scummy is if um because because it doesn't apply if you're on a part pension. So if you're if you receive some sort of government benefit, you're excluded from those rules. But if you're someone who's just above the part pension level, so you're not a you know uber rich retiree, but you're self-funded. Um, basically, you know, I if you're a selfund retiree, you've got a shared portfolio and you want to sell some of that portfolio every year to help fund your retirement. Um, now if you sell and you're not working, right? So, so if you sell under $45,000 worth of that portfolio, you'll pay, you know, uh, about a 16% capital gains tax because you're under the 30% threshold. So, 30% threshold kicks in at 45K. Um, so you know that there would be a lot of cell phone retirees who just want to sell off parcels of shares every year to help fund their retirement. But under these rules, they now be charged a minimum 30% tax rate. >> Which I think's a bit scummy. >> That's a one. >> Um, yeah, it is. It is. And and look, that that wasn't communicated. So So before the budget night, we all pretty much in the in the week leading up, we pretty much knew what the rules were going to be, but that 30% minimum uh capital gains tax, I thought was a bit scummy. And that was clearly um designed just to have a go at the cell phone retirees. And it just means that again if you're self-unded retiree, you want to sell off you know 20 grand a shares Well, now you're going to tax at 30% on that rather than your margin. >> That sounds very unfair. >> Yeah, it is. >> It's sort of come at them when they're not looking. And these are people that pay the taxes their whole lives. People who, as you say, aren't rich. They've just they got enough. They've accumulated enough and they probably made a whole lot of sacrifices to get to that point. Um these people probably don't vote for the right party either. So I mean how much of this is do you think is vote driven like in terms of research? >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think so like I think there was a there was obviously ground swell to you know make the tax rules fairer and that sort of thing. And again with residential property you know the negative gearing on established houses and stuff. I get it but there's just a few little uh few little quirks like this one which I think is a bit dodgy. And there's also hypothetical, you know, cases whereby if you're, um, if you're a couple and you're saving up for a home and, you know, say, uh, two people, modest incomes, um, you know, you could have two people earning $45ish,000, whatever, a year or just under that, and they're and, you know, but they but they have a dream of buying a home eventually, like maybe even just a small apartment or something, and they have a shared portfolio while they're hoping to buy in, you know, 10 years time or something, and they're putting money in the share market. Well, now if they sell, they're going to be charged more than 30%. Um, which which I think is also a bit dodgy. Now, some some people say, "Oh, you can use one of those first home home buyer savings accounts or whatever." But it's not the point. Like, I don't know why they've just bought in a 30% minimum tax rate on capital gains uh when they could have just left it at your marginal tax rate, which I think would have been fairer. >> You're right. Not I don't think there's enough been talked about this. Um, from now on the lowest amount of tax you'll ever pay on a capital gains is 30%. >> Yeah. But but is on the real gain, right? So it be the inflation adjusted gain. So um yeah, you got to net out inflation, but even so >> inflation is not that high. So like you know over a short period of time it's probably still going to be a nearly going to be >> it's going to be quite high. So, as opposed to I think what you're saying is that that income just that gain should just be added to my income. And if I'm on one of the low rates of tax, so I'm I'm sort of down in the 17% bracket or the 20% bracket, um I should really be paying 20% tax, no more. >> I shouldn't be getting penalized because I'm capital gain. Before we used to get a discount when we made a capital gain. Now, we're going to get penalized on this rule when we make a capital gain if we are in the lower tax bracket already, which means we're not a high income person. We're probably a battler doing it tough. And by the way, selfunded retires the very people we should be encouraging because they have less uh drag on the on the economy because we're not paying them a pension. They're not getting anything. I mean, we should be encouraging those people and actually holding them up and putting them on on our shoulders saying how wonderful they are relative to the you know the drag on fiscal policy in the country. >> Yeah, absolutely. And and the thing that is it does make being in that part pension range I think it's I think it's currently about if you got under 1.2 $2 million of assets. I think he still qualify for a part pension. That's what it was a few years ago. Might have changed. So my data mightn't be quite totally up to date, but it makes that very valuable because if you're if you receive a government payment of some sort like a part pension, you don't qualify for that 30%. Um that that's my reading of the rules. So it means that if you're if you got say $1.1 million of assets and you're getting a small part pension, well, you can sell your shares off and pay your marginal tax rate uh you know without the 30% minimum. So it doesn't mean that you have this big effective marginal tax rate kicking in once you go off that part pension level >> and you could be over over the 1.1 million or whatever the number is by a dollar and uh all of a sudden you penalize for no no real uh logical reason. Well Le's been fantastic. By the way, I'm going to I'm going to take that up uh with the media and myself. Um thanks very much for for your honesty. like as usual, your your views on these things are obviously well accepted by most Australians and particularly myself, but your your honesty and the way you've broken this down and I feel like I'm listening to you on Saturday afternoon is on 2GB with uh Luke. >> Yeah. But and actually, you know, I don't know who else listens to it, but I listen to it. Um, and which is where I got the idea about talking to you again because I just like the sort of frankness and the practical stuff and uh the simplicity uh in terms of the way you explain things and I think I I really want to thank you for it. It's been great. Fantastic. I've enjoyed it, mate. >> Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Anytime.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilInAustralia [1 likes]: The biggest impact of CGT is that it is levied in the single tax year the asset is disposed of.  Even if you've held the asset for 5, 10, 20 or more years you pay the tax on the whole gain in a single tax year - often meaning that the bulk of the gain is taxed at 47%.
  2. @benjimarshallbra [1 likes]: I feel that it’s hard to get the balance between government spending and proving the services needed for the population. I feel that decreasing immigration is needed to support our current population at the moment. The government sector is needed to provide essential services but I feel there can be cuts on services which aren’t making the impact needed.
  3. @JodiePML: Love listening to Leith. He makes a lot of sense
  4. @fatgim: "It was a tax grab not tax reform" is 100% correct. What is the incentive for someone in the top rate to actually work once they hit above 190k? Who wants to work full time for 53% of your wage? Then if you are lucky enough to hit ~250k you get hit with division  293 tax. Everyone's real wages a shrinking while the government goes on a shopping spree.
  5. @brettbentley9488: They need to remove the proposed cgt rule changes to shares and etfs as well. This will penalise young people investing to save a deposit.  In addition to this, you don’t want investment to slow into stock markets as they will be affected over the next 20 years as more and more people drawdown capital and pension payments from their super as our population ages.  (Potentially more out than in). It would be interesting to pull a stat on the proposed amount of people using super to pay down housing debt in retirement in particular due to rising prices caused by out of control immigration!
  6. @keving3639: I feel like the whole country needs to be more frugal. But how do we take politicians seriously when they waste so much on retarded ideas or even ideals? Maybe it's worth a segment on polies wages including itemizing the wroughts avail. to them? Then let's look at the ongoing OMG retirement packages!!
How do you respect them when they are the only Aussie workers? that get to make the rules on their own wage package. NO other Aussie employee has that opportunity nor will never have access to a package like that?????  THEY TREAT US LIKE FOOLS.
Public servants in general have lost the understanding they work for us (oh don't they hate that) now they work for themselves.
Look at what we sell our resources for compared to other countries selling the same product. It's so different it's criminal!
We sell our LNG for cents & buy it back with a giant markup...... What the
Stupid is what stupid does.
  7. @AnnDorrian: 38:51 because it makes government bigger, giving more jobs, workers vote and departments need are a hammer that needs a nail...... making more regulation more workers.
  8. @AnnDorrian: Every time Labour are in government, 
the Unions get richer, small businesses die, the government gets bigger, national debt gets higher and the Super industry gets richer. Now Labour looks like a communist party.
  9. @brianstewart7547: This is a great podcast Mark. Leith is measured and clear in what is happening and what needs to be done. Should be a regular guess for the RBA and economy review please.
  10. @kewpietonkatsu: Is there a pattern here....

We don't wanna invest in roads so Transurban builds toll roads, charges tolls then we whinge.

We don't wanna invest so gas companies build gas infrastructure with their capital, export the gas then we whinge.

We don't wanna invest in assets other than established dwellings, we don't create new jobs then we whinge. 

It's good that we do things to keep the demand side in check but where are our future jobs that create income for people gonna come from?
  11. @MD-ib4ix: Leith  > Kouk
  12. @thetribepride: Absolutely on the money. Great take. This budget is the huge kick to innovation and entrepreneurship in this country - and does essentially nothing for our children.
  13. @titanicjack6744: Yes Mark, Labors narrative is dishonest. It’s all lies. It was before the election and still is.
  14. @guitarjism: Labor is not for the working class. They are for the globalist elites.
  15. @peterwebb8732: “Why would they do that?”
…… Vote-buying. 😡
  16. @dreamweaver4543: i saw a perfect example of government overspending.  It was school holidays and a few day job was done over a weekend instead of during non-loading times during a school holiday period when no-one would have been there anyway
  17. @Yllobre1969: Can someone explain how the RBA need 1500 staff (not inc money printing) to control an interest rate instrument that is supposed to curb inflation when multiple rises actually hit the people that need support the most, mortgage holders and small business? Tell me it’s not to protest Bank revenues in a declining lending market. 🧐
  18. @deanpowell7944: Trust the man. He is a Pearl Jam fan
  19. @filthyminges: it's beyond talk and beyond voting. the maggots in charge of this country should be rotting in a prison after the revolution we need
  20. @CatfishShotgun: Feels like a confirmation bias guest to me

- Small Habits, Big Impact: How Anyone Can Be a Cyber Hero | Shwetha Susan Gibu | TEDxSawmill Lake: Kind: captions Language: en I have a friend. I'll call her Anna. Anna is one of the most careful, sensible people I know. She had just started her first job and was saving every dollar with the kind of quiet discipline most of us only aspire to have. She had a goal. She was up for her master's abroad. And she was getting there. Slowly, steadily, just how careful people do. And then one afternoon, her phone rang. The person on the other end said they were calling from UPS and that they couldn't deliver a package due to a pending payment of $5. Just $5, less than a cup of coffee, she thought. Now, here's the thing. Normally, Anna would laugh at something like this cuz she had seen these scam calls before. But coincidentally, that week, she was in fact expecting a package from her mother who lives in a different state. A box of her favorite home-cooked food, the kind of thing you desperately miss, especially when you're living alone in a new city. So when the caller said, "We have been trying to reach you for the past 2 days and if you don't make the payment immediately, we will have to dispose of your package." She believed them. Of course she did because everything fit. They even told her that she didn't have to share her bank details directly. They would send her a secure form link via SMS and she just had to fill it out. Safe, right? What Anna didn't stop to think because of of urgency and what none of us instinctively think about in that moment is that a person who sends your form can also see everything that you submit. She filled it out. They called her again saying her $5 transaction was almost complete and they just needed the OTP she had received on her phone. She read it out. Within seconds, $5,000 was gone. Her savings, months of discipline, gone in less time than it takes to make that cup of coffee. Anna was devastated. She filed a police complaint, but nothing came of it. It was added among thousands of other cases filed under phishing, wishing, and smishing, words that didn't even exist in our parents' vocabulary, and barely exist in ours. Here's what I want you to sit with for a moment. Anna isn't gullible. She isn't careless. She's the kind of person who checks before she speaks and thinks before she acts. She fell for this because she's human. She missed her mother's cooking, and the person on the other end knew exactly how to use that against her. Let me ask you something. Please raise your hands if you have received a suspicious text in the past month. Keep your hands raised if it was a fake delivery notice, a bank alert, a "Hey, you won something" message, or if you've had to help a parent or grandparent figure out if something was a scam. Just look around you. Most people who fall for these scams fall not because they're careless, but because they were never taught what to look out for. We teach our children not to trust strangers on the street. But no one taught us what a stranger looks like when they're inside our phones. So, allow me to make a suggestion. Cyber security is no longer just a technical skill. It is a life skill. As basic as looking both ways before crossing the road. As instinctive as locking your doors at night. And you don't need a degree for it. You don't need to understand how the internet works. You just need small, intentional habits. And when we practice those habits and share them with others, we become what I like to call everyday cyber heroes. Not experts. Not technologists. Just ordinary people making smarter choices for themselves and the people they love. Hackers don't hack computers. They hack people. Nobody hacked into Anna's phone. No one broke into a server. They just called her. They said the right things in the right order, and she did the rest. So, this is not a technology problem. It's a human psychology problem. Think about every scam you've ever encountered. Every single one of them revolve around one of three emotional engines. Urgency. You have to make the payment in the next 10 minutes to claim the latest iPhone for just $200. Fear. There is a suspicious activity detected in your bank account. You need to act now. Or excitement. Congratulations, you won $20,000. Click on the link below to claim your prize. So, here's the most important thing I'll say today. When our emotions goes up, our critical thinking goes down. And that is not a weakness. It's simple neuroscience. When we feel excited, rushed, or scared, our brain shifts into reaction mode. It's trying to protect us. And scammers rely on this. The sooner we realize this, we stop blaming ourselves. We stop blaming Anna. And we start building awareness instead. So, today I want to share five habits. Not a technical manual, just five simple habits anyone can follow starting tonight. Habit one, pause before you click. Anna's scammers wanted her to act in 5 minutes. Not because of the fear of getting caught, but because 5 minutes of panic is worth more to them than 5 hours of calm thinking. So, here's the habit. Whenever you receive a suspicious text, an email, or a phone call, pause for 10 seconds. Just 10. And ask yourself these three questions. Did I expect this? Is this trying to scare, excite, or rush me? Is there any other way I can verify this by contacting the company directly on their official number, or by sending a text to the family member who supposedly sent this? That pause is your superpower. Scammers need your speed. And our greatest defense is choosing to be slow. Habit two, protect your keys. Our password is like keys to our home. Now imagine using the same key for your home, your office, your car, and your locker. If someone makes a copy of that key, they would have access to everything that you own. And that is exactly what password reuse does, which is essentially using the same password in multiple places. And it becomes worse if the password used is a simple and easy to guess one like your spouse's name, anniversary date, birth date, or I see some of you, password123. We have all been there, so no judgement. Stronger doesn't mean it has to be complicated. Even a simple passphrase like purple donkeys eat nachos is harder, longer, and difficult to crack than something like Shweta at 2026. And if remembering all these different passwords feels overwhelming, use a password manager. It's like having a keychain where you only have to remember the master key, and it can remember everything else for you. Pay special attention to your Google and email accounts because most of us use that to log into everything else. So, if that gets compromised, everything connected to it falls with it. Also, add a second lock. Turn on multi-factor authentication wherever possible so that even if someone steals your password, they would still have to get access to your biometrics or the one-time code sent to your phone in order to log in. It just takes 2 minutes to set up and it can save you years of damage. Habit three, secure your space. Most of us are very aware about our physical surroundings. We would never leave our wallets on a cafe table or shout our PIN number in a room of crowded people. But when online, we almost always do the digital equivalent of the same. Using public Wi-Fi is like having a conversation in a coffee shop where anyone nearby can listen. So, avoid accessing your bank accounts, sensitive records, or your health records, those type of accounts when you're using public Wi-Fi. If you have to, use your mobile's cellular network instead. It's like having your own personal private line. Another thing most people doesn't really think about is being aware of who can see your screen. On a flight, on the metro, in a coffee shop, someone glancing at your screen while you type in your password is called shoulder surfing. And it happens way more often than you think. Privacy screen protectors exist exactly for this reason. None of this is paranoia. We are just spreading the awareness we have in the physical world to the digital one. Habit four, think before you share. Tell me if this sounds familiar. You post your birthday pictures with your birth year on the caption. Your profile lists your hometown, your college, your first pet. You post your vacation pictures in real time, geo-tagged, which tells everyone who follows you exactly where you are and that you're not at home. None of this feels dangerous. Each piece on its own isn't. But when combined together, they form a profile, a puzzle, and scammers are really good at solving puzzles. Those security questions your bank asks to verify your identity? What was the name of your first pet? In which city were you born in? If you have answered those on social media, you have answered those for everyone. So, before sharing something online, think to yourself, "Would I be comfortable if a complete stranger used this information?" That's the filter. Not fear, just intention. Habit five, be a hero for someone else. This is the most important one, and that is the reason I'm standing here. When I first heard about what happened to Anna, my first instinct was to call my family and exactly explain to them what happened. I walked them through it step by step. And then I realized that conversation in that moment was one of the most useful things I'd done around cybersecurity. Not because I'm an expert, but because I knew something they didn't, and I shared it with them. Cybersecurity is not individual, it's communal. One informed person in a family can act as a shield for everyone in that family. So, help your parents turn on two-factor authentication. Sit with them. Do it together. Make it normal. Explain to your grandparents what urgency sounds like on a phone call. Teach your kids that not every online message is what it claims to be. You don't need a certification for any of this. You just need few minutes and someone you care about. I think about Anna's money a lot. Not just the amount, though the amount represented her months of hard work, dedication, and the goals she was quietly building towards. I think about how it happened. That it wasn't some faceless system failure. It was a stranger who used a vulnerable moment for their benefit in under 5 And then I keep thinking, what if someone had told her, not a training module or a lecture, just a friend over a cup of coffee explaining, "Hey, this is how these calls work." Think about someone you love right now. A parent who still picks up every unknown number because they were raised to be polite. A grandparent who trust official sounding voices. Or a friend who reuses their password because life is already complicated enough. One habit. One conversation you have with them could be the distance between them and the worst afternoon of their financial life. You don't need a cape. You don't need to code. What's important is the pause before you click, the second lock on the door, and the moment you say to someone, "Hey, before you share that OTP with someone, just give me a call." The cyber heroes in this story aren't in some operations center. They are in this room. They are the person in the dinner table who tells, "Wait, let's check that first." They are the friend who shares the awareness before someone else becomes the cautionary tale. So, go home tonight. Pick one person. Share one habit. Because small habits, when practiced and shared, ripple outward in ways we can't always see. But Anna would have felt it. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @todds2505: lol i love a fictional story where the person is smart and relatable they just made a mistake 🤣 i want to know if anything she says is worth hearing but i cant really by a made up story as being relivant

- Flood map changes will have major impact on Harris County residents: Kind: captions Language: en Today dozens of experts are gathering in Houston to delve deeper into FEMA's new flood maps and what they mean for Harris County homeowners. That includes the need for more families to get flood insurance. Orko Manna is live at Rice University with more on what's being discussed. Orko. Experts say the updated maps reflect increased rainfall rates, landscape adjustments, and major lessons learned from storms such as Hurricane Harvey. Now those maps have been available for a few months now, but not everyone is aware of the potential changes and what implications they could have. You don't need to be a climate expert to know how much of an issue flooding is in Houston. Local leaders gathering today at Rice University for the redrawing risk conference to discuss FEMA's new proposed flood. Maps for Harris County. Experts say the updated maps, which were released in February, include hundreds of thousands more families across the county in the 100 and 500 year floodplains. The light blue shows the current maps, and the teal shows the proposed changes. So there's certain parts of the county, particularly in the northwest and north of the county, where we're seeing a lot of homes that are now designated as being in a flood plain. Experts also say the Setegast neighborhood in northeast Houston is seeing some of the biggest. Floodplain expansions. So what does that mean for folks there and other impacted areas? If you have a federally backed mortgage and your home is in a flood plain, you need to have flood insurance. Number one, buy flood insurance, and that's an easy thing to say, but depending on the neighborhood you live in, the socioeconomic status, -- that may be easier said than done -- for those families who may struggle to pay for flood insurance or who may be confused about what to do right now. Public policy. Experts say organizations such as 5th Ward CRC and West Street Recovery can help. I think really being plugged into some of these neighborhood associations and community organizations who can point them towards the resources, whether those resources be financial or educational or social support. The maps are not a done deal yet, but everyone here wants the community to start paying attention. We're trying to get the public engaged in these new flood maps to understand that this is an issue that's not going to go away. Now experts say there is an appeal process for the maps, but any changes would likely just be minor adjustments. As of right now, it could be a few years until the new maps are officially adopted. Reporting live from Rice University this afternoon, Orcoa, KHOU 11 News.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NVSTRZ34 [10 likes]: Would be great if you could put a link to the maps or something in the description...
  2. @god563616 [1 likes]: why are people just now being told this during the flood season??

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- How Normal People Are Blowing Up On Youtube In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I don't think it's ever been easier for normal people to start making [music] 10 to 20 $30,000 a month on YouTube. And I want to show you some examples of extremely normal people doing that. And it's probably not in the way you're expecting. In fact, YouTube's really changing. And it seems like the less work you put in, the more money you make and like the better results. So, I just want to show some examples of this real quick. This is something I've been doing in my own content as well. This guy named Timothy Ward. His videos are extremely simple. They're very clean. [music] There's almost no editing, no music, no B-roll. is just very very very simple, like almost to a crazy amount. And he has been doing really well on YouTube. In the last couple months, he's had multiple videos get hundreds of thousands of views, bringing in thousands of dollars each with [music] putting almost no effort into the video. And I'm going to show you a couple examples. And it seems like there's like a common tie that really works with this because you can't just put no effort in. But this is a very interesting uh idea that he has for this. If [music] we go to his channel here, it's just very anti-consumerism, very simple thumbnails, but [music] it's real and it's authentic and it's it's a real person talking. I feel like with the beastification, the Tik Tok effect, like all this different stuff taking over, people are really craving authenticity when it comes to YouTube. And I really feel like that's the future. This is another example of Alexandra. She's talking about one of the biggest wealth transfers uh in US history is happening right now. And it's just her talking, right? It's just her going through telling this story about whatever with a simple backdrop. If you notice, you're going to see a common theme here. A lot of these people are outside. They're almost not editing at all. There's very little script happening. It is just very real and authentic. And that is what people are really connecting with. This whole video is just her standing here talking about whatever. And that is actually her whole channel is just her either going for walks or standing in a field or in front of a barn with a screenshot with no text on it. And while not every video is blowing up, if you get one or two videos a month to get a 100,000 views, 50,000 views, you can make a living doing this. And when you put very little, I'm not going to say effort, but very little time into your video. You're not spending a lot of time scripting. You're not spending a lot of time editing. It makes the barrier to entry much lower, especially for new people. So, what is it that makes all these people um be able to have success while putting in very low effort into the videos themselves? Look at somebody like Jay Welsh. Well, the thing is is that they are doing a kind of like a a three-step process, which is kind of what I'm doing right now, right? Where they have an idea. They're spending their time going out and experiencing things. They're actually doing things outside in the world and then they are learning from them and kind of reporting back. For Jordan Welsh, he actually got rich. He got famous and then he lost God and then he shared that thing actually happening. If we look at Timothy, he's going through things in his personal life and then he's just explaining them here, what people relate with. If we look at even this channel right here that is blowing up out of nowhere with this exact [music] same thumbnail format, a very realistic, kind of crazy looking. He's got a video with 6.4 million views that you've probably seen on how to make Pickle Pepsi at home. It is him actually doing something very unique and interesting and then sharing it. You no longer have to glamorize it. You don't need a whole production crew. While it does work for the bigger creators who do that, you don't have to do that anymore. You can have this simple, raw, authentic style. But the thing is that you do absolutely need to have is original experience, original ideas. Be one of the first people to have your mindset cuz you're actually living your life. You're not putting all this time uh and effort into editing and scripting and doing all this stuff to your video, but the idea of the video, your experience that you're sharing is very, very unique. And this is something that I'm doing right now. Like I saw a couple of these videos, I saved them in a new tab and then I'm just talking about this experience. I saw something that was working uniquely even though I and like I've been on YouTube for 7 years now. I've taught hundreds of creators. We've had a lot of them have success. But over the past like year or two, I've really seen this format doing well, especially like the last year of being very simple, being very original, being very authentic, being very calm, and then taking a lot of shots because ultimately you can do that when you're not putting 8 hours into editing a video. And that does still work. Like I still do that on my main channel. It still does really well. But even on that channel and as you notice on this channel, I am purposely trying to move less, trying to edit less unless it perfectly tells the story. Trying to just be more simple, more calm, more authentic, less music in the background because you guys don't need to be entertained, right? You're you're just sick of that. I know I'm sick of that. And what people want are real people. And if we look at how many views this guy's gotten, let's say 2.9 million views. and I got 1.3 million views on my main channel and I made $13,000 last month that So, he's about double me. So, he probably made about $25,000 in the past month just making these videos. It's it's probably less since the videos are shorter actually. So, maybe it's 15 to 20,000. Um, but probably somewhere in there. He also created a membership that you can join for just 99. Um, [music] something very simple to add on a little bit more revenue. And before I get to a friend of mine who's making kind of crazy amounts, I want to tell you about one tool that I really like to upgrade the quality of my videos while still keeping it real and super authentic. [music] And that is the sponsor of this video, Story Blocks. Storylocks is the only sponsor I have ever had on this channel cuz I actually use them and enjoy them and like them. If you don't know, Storylocks has unlimited downloads of high quality and diverse media at one predictable cost. That means everything you need all in one place. You got 4K [music] B-roll from real people. It it looks authentic and real and you can use it in a video and it doesn't look like cheap B-roll. You have different templates that you can tell your stories in the way you want to do them without taking forever to learn how to do stuff. You can add music and sound effects that are actually high quality and can help tell the real story that you are trying to tell. And the cool thing is it's all in one place and you can do the monthly or the annual, whatever works for you. But it's going to be no hidden fees, no extra costs, just [music] one set predictable price, which is one of the reasons why I like them. And their library is 100% humanmade. It's based on real experiences. So when you're trying to tell that real story, [music] you can have real visuals to help tell that story made by real artists around the world. And you're getting out of that AI fake looking slop [music] that's going everywhere. I use a lot of the music, a lot of the stock B-roll that you may notice or may not notice that I use in multiple different channels that I have along with a lot of the music that I use is from Storyblocks and it's 100% royalty-free. I never have to like worry about that side of things. It's it's very simple and it could save you a lot of time. To get started with unlimited stock media downloads at [music] one set price, go to storyblocks.com/theprocess or click the link [music] down in the description. Another interesting example of this in actually the finance space is my friend Chris. [music] He's posting every single day for the most part. Sometimes multiple times a day. Uh he's been posting a little bit less recently, but averaging 50 to 100,000 views per video. If you see, they're all just screenshots of him talking about something that he knows, something that he does personally, investing in options trading. [music] And he showed me his analytics. He's making 50 to 100,000 per month in AdSense and another minimum quarter million to half a million a month in his other products on the back end. All from these videos, which have no thumbnail. They are not edited. They're incredibly incredibly simple and they're not even like good quality camera. It looks like a webcam. But because the information is there, because the unique experience is there, because he is different than everybody else, people build relationships they trust and he's able to make, you know, NBA player money with his channel and not putting a ton of effort. Maybe like screen record some other things. [music] And so I think this is the future of content. As more AI takes over, as more um editing and things get more and more produced and everybody's worried about, you know, average watch time and clickthrough rate and all this stuff, what is really going to shine in the next couple years is going to be authenticity. I could get this information anywhere. I could ask Chad GBT for this information, but I trust this guy because he's a real human being who who I can listen to, right? And that's what I'm trying to do with my content as well. Now, that's something that's happening with a lot of content. It's just going back to being a real person, going back to vlogs, going back to 28-minute videos where they just sit down and share things. And so, [music] if you're unsure what you want to talk about on your channel, if you're unsure how you're going to make money, start making real videos about things you're interested in, spend all of your time experiencing things, working on the idea, working on really the concept of the video more than a perfectly laidout script, more than a perfectly edited video, more than a hyperedited thumbnail. Focus on the idea of the video. Really, without an idea, it doesn't matter if you have the best video ever. If it's not a good fit for your audience, if it's not a good fit for, you know, YouTube in general, it's just not [music] going to go well. It doesn't need to be perfect. Doesn't need to be polished. What it needs to be is creative, [music] unique, real, and as people eventually find it, they will follow for more. They will follow more people. Another one is Kino Body here. Uh, if you don't know, he's been around for an extremely long time. [music] I grew up watching him. I followed his fitness stuff for a while and he was actually one of the things that got me interested in YouTube and it was because he was a real authentic person that I related with. I wanted to be like I I liked his vibe. I just noticed I'm probably going to pass him on my main channel maybe like next year. That is crazy. And if you notice his stuff, it is mostly half an hour long, 45 minutes long of him just with his iPhone, I'm pretty sure, talking [music] about his experiences. This is a proven concept. Talk about things that you're interested in. Go out, explore things, share them with the world, and not every single one's going to hit. Not all of them are amazing. But you're putting something out there. There's no longer that excuse of I don't have the camera. I don't have the gear. I don't know how to edit. I watched this video. I don't think he edited the entire video. I think he just talked for 29 minutes. Like, I wish I could talk for 29 minutes without editing. I can't talk for like a minute without [music] stuttering and being all over the place. Like, I wish I had the skill. But like, look at this. This is no effort. Get not no effort, but like very little effort getting put in. He [music] is just talking about something he knows well, something he's interested in, letting it flow, kind of like a podcast style of his ideas, his unique things that he's learned. And that's what all of these are for the most part. He's got some of them which are higher produced, some of [music] them with a camera person or whatever. Um, but a lot of them are just his thoughts, 45 minutes of just talking right from the get- go. No editing, walking around sharing [music] his thoughts, right? And this just leads to his product. So, I think all of us are kind of sick of everybody always having a product, but for me, if I'm watching this, the real reason I'm done drinking at 33 or I'm watching somebody who I want to get in shape. Well, now I can just go to their thing and he's not hard selling. He's just sharing his expertise, sharing his experiences, and if you're interested, you'll check out his stuff and if you're not, you won't. Same thing with a lot of these people. They'll they'll generally have one way to make money. But look at Chris. He's got his money team down below. He's got uh his Patreon probably tagged somewhere and he has 40,000 plus people paying a couple bucks a month on Patreon. [music] Not endorsing this in any way, but look at this. His main link is $250 per week to get more information about what he's giving out for free, which is kind of crazy, but he's not selling it the whole time. He's just giving a bunch of information, a bunch of what he is doing away for free. And if you're interested, you'll go check it out. If you're not, you'll just watch the free stuff. And that's totally cool. And there'll be some brief mentions, but just a real person doing real stuff. That's how you make money nowadays. People buy from people. They're done with being scammed with getting ads constantly. They're done with all that. They want a real person who actually is talking about the experiences that they've done and sharing stuff that way. Like this is why I only have one thing that I sell is because I hate the aspect of sales, but I love giving away stuff for free, right? Like I spent the past 2 and a half years building my program, 5 hour YouTuber, whatever. And now it's very simple for me to sell cuz I talk about things that I'm interested in. Like this right here. I just like came up with this idea 5 minutes ago. I can talk about things that I am interested in personally and obsessed with and just turn on the camera, very little edits, very little whatever. And if people connect with me, if people see that I make [music] cool content that does well and naturally makes money, then they'll check out my stuff. If not, then they'll just move on to something else and I don't have to hard sell anymore. I don't have to have everything be some elaborate scheme. Oh, you got to get them to say yes three times and then by the end they'll click through and you got to like make sure that they're watching the whole way. the people who are interested will watch the whole way and those are the people that you want. And that's why what really is going to be the future of YouTube is just being authentic, having people have a relationship with you where they want to show up. They want to see what you're talking about. That is going to be the future. It is not the best chat GBT prompt to make your script better. It's not having AI edit your video for you better. It's not all that. It's coming up with really cool ideas and sharing them with the world. And if you have a product, it better help people a lot because if it does, you don't even have to sell it. That is what I got. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GabeBultTheProcess [25 likes]: Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video! Download unlimited stock media at one set price with Storyblocks https://storyblocks.com/TheProcess
  2. @CHKDG8 [2 likes]: Timothy Ward has been doing YouTube for over 13 years.
Alexandra Fasulo - 12 years.
Chris Sain - 13 years.
Kino Body - 20 years

None of these channels are "blowing up out of nowhere". They've all took over a decade to refine their channels.
  3. @KennyFischer [1 likes]: Nice video man. Well done
  4. @freminetmain [1 likes]: How can I make it about showcasing my art and talking about my thoughts on art and stuff like that? To get more people to see and know my art 👀
  5. @palmtreeleebythesea [1 likes]: GOOD IDEAS!
  6. @sacredvibrationofficial [1 likes]: I so agree. Those who want to watch and are interested they will 👌
  7. @MatrixSamuraiGaming [1 likes]: I thought YouTube won't accept a channel for monetization if the creator doesn't put effort in editing his videos even if they blow up
  8. @HannahTorodeArt: I just uploaded my first YouTube video exactly like this… it’s a start. Hopefully people like it - raw and unedited 🤞🏼
  9. @sandyonatuesday: English is my second language so doing this is way harder 😭 
I’m so self conscious about saying something wrong
  10. @NewsflashYQL: I just started on Monday doing street interviews for content, wish me luck!
  11. @tonyjones9442: I do rough and ready, outside videos of Snowdonia, North Wales, UK.
I only have 184 subscribers and my videos are kind of what you describe but I just can't shift from 182 subscribers! It's not just moving up!!
  12. @Simply50: I totally agree!
  13. @globalsurveyor: I kind of feel I maybe need to streamline the editing process... I'm fortunate I can film my job for content. And people watch it.  I guess the questions is how fancy does it have to be?
  14. @marisaelenenadiejamusiccom3974: I really appreciate your opinion, but up to the point where you said that people don’t want to be entertained so you really don’t think artistic people who are right brained with original ideas or people that are value is that correct or people that dressed differently or people who have very artistic or interesting ideas about the world spiritually you just don’t think anyone wants to know anything about Anything but just basic people walking down the street is that it that’s not true. There’s 8 billion people in the world so the people that you’re saying are blowing up that doesn’t mean that there are not really super artistic, innovative and creative people in the arts that are not blowing up out of nowhere. OK your trend of a T-shirt and plain an ordinary people is a trend that’s blowing up with your group of people, but then there’s other groups of people we have 8 billion people don’t forget it’s not 6 million 8 billion so don’t speak for everybody else that everybody wants to see basic ordinary people speaking about what they’re doing on their daily life that’s not what everybody wants.
  15. @TheRealKimelia: I hate these videos because you’re always promoting something by telling a story trying to make us believe we need something while all the while you’re selling promoting something that your part of
  16. @BirdGuio: Yeah, Alexandra bought Land and had the Amish people come build her a barn and she’s trying to preserve butterflies and stop all of these solar farms and giant computer data centers. But I agree she’s not fancy but she had money to do all of that and she has a passion and I think that whether you have money or not you have to have a passion.
  17. @jedimindtrick7575: Youtube has entered its rebellious teenage grunge phase😅
  18. @Roskaprinsessa: I really hope my channel will grow. All content real, raw and authentic, no AI. 😬 Just walking in the nature, and I and my group picking up trash. Huge amounts of trash. Just one question... how do I find my niche? 🥲
  19. @christianstricker4121: 1. get a ton of followers then do stuff 2. profit. Same bullshit every of these advertised videos.... No chance to make these absurd amounts of money for unknown people. don't get fooled
  20. @SharonTatemTheWonderscape: Get monetized in 5 minutes
https://youtube.com/shorts/IAAF1hp2arg?si=dJ1KZukk-jPD4GTM

- More Challenges to Retaining First Year Employees: Kind: captions Language: en on what they want all the it it then it it has the likelihood to just fall apart along the way right because they need to be clear about what the culture they want um the drivers that they want and then build on that because what they may realize is that they are building a culture that does not feed the outcome that they're looking for and that's going to be problematic right so it's it's even because I completely agree with everybody I love this conversation um but they've got to go all the way back to the beginning kind of like what Karina was talking about in the candidate experience right you got to go all the way back to the pre pre pre same thing as a as a leader or I'll say owner of a of a company what what is your desired impact culture um you know what are your drivers and then build everything in essence around that so you're your metrics your survey questions or however you're going to do it your management training and and then it there needs to be transparency and there needs to be trust and if those things are not all in alignment then you're going to have those ghosting employees and those you know 90-day quits and and all of that there's G to be a higher frequency of that because they're told on this end o this is the culture we're so awesome and then they get in there and go okay these don't connect and so so I think it's there's a you know I'll say a larger question discussion you know but all of it feeds to whatever that that Utopia is up here everything needs to feed up to that and that includes Management training and everything else because the you know everybody's heard and it hasn't changed people join a company

- Challenges of Retaining First Year Employees: Kind: captions Language: en when we think about these challenges I actually want to take a step back and talk about some of the things that the macro love and and so we've all heard the stats that Boomers are retiring at unprecedented levels it's like every day at five o'clock ten thousand Boomers retire they they walk off the job and never come back and so that creates a lot of vacancies and a lot of job openings and a lot of employers to think about how they're going to backfill for those positions and and so that that in and of itself creates a challenge and then we think about gen Z entering the workforce and they're not necessarily as focused on traditional jobs maybe as previous generations and and look these two points there's nothing new to this we've seen this coming we've known that's going to be happening through the last 20 some odd years so nothing new with this but the pandemic really magnified the intensity of this problem and it changed the way we work it it changes where we work and in many cases why people work and so all of these things create some of these challenges that are happening for employers and and for employees is saying if they want to stay with a place

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- Uncovering Netflix's Dark Mind Control Tricks...What's Behind Their Thumbnail Mystery?: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] Netflix is using all names to experiment with your brain it's testing your mental emotions choices favorite actors and recording them to control you yes Netflix changes the thumbnails of the Jews and movies who's watching but why not affects us let us find out Netflix is a Giant entertainment industry and subscribers and billion dollars and how did they get there one reason an obsession with personalization they want to deliver a customized experience for each user based on their preferences habits and interests using a psychological principle effect Ive body effect this is the phenomenon takes us to attention to information that is relevant to us even when we are surrounded by noise and distractions applies this principle to its entire experience from the recommendations it shows you to the ratings in this place to the journals it suggests but one of the most interesting and surprising ways to use it is using Netflix news from names of one of the most important factors they must get on fact the claim that they need two percent of the few choices are influenced by thumbnails so what do they do they use an Android elements different thumbnails or different users and selects the ones that are most likely to be today if you are a fan of Comedy character if you want more into drama might see a tummy that shows a dense moment or you see you as expression expression Netflix changes the thumbnails based on what they think you can catch your attention and make you curious do they know that what it has your attention well they use data from your previous viewing history your readings your sort of and the other factors profile your mental state Matrix knows when you're not your joyful you are feeling adventurous or sad yeah that's right they know you inside out and they use machine learning not those preferences with different aspects of the things such as because the faces the emotions are objects they also use social proof which is another and I'm coming but for now let's suppose the series Maybe just before the 13th century then you're coming changes to some intense image focusing the feeling right if your friend just started with the series then the thumbnail will probably Focus the hero changing the thumbnails Netflix influences your preferences this person alive and relevant experience for each user of your book to keep streaming maximum always building grown unless you sleep the more they are surprised let us know if you should come up with video on this and let us know in the comments what you think about Netflix's changing comments have you noticed them before we would love your contribution Lindon all the Articles before I'm fascinating or any of the psychological tricks you want us to go on thanks for watching and keep radiating thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AureliusNow [1 likes]: Would love to get more videos on psychological marketing....
  2. @mithudas4970 [1 likes]: 100% correct

- How to make thumbnails to get more VIEWS- In just 5 minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en if you want to get more clicks and views on your YouTube videos with your thumbnails but you hate making thumbnails you're going to love this video because I'm going to give you the rules I follow every time I make a YouTube thumbnail then I'm going to show you three ways to make a thumbnail in less than five minutes including the super fast process I've been using during my YouTube challenge and just because it's fast doesn't mean it's not effective because I'm getting some of the highest click-through rates I've ever gotten on this channel by the way this is day 10 of my YouTube challeng I am challenging myself to post a YouTube video every single day and you can follow along if you want to level up your channel make better videos and have fun in the process before I give you my five thumbnail rules you need to understand why your thumbnails are so important they are the gatekeeper to you getting views on your YouTube videos it's like a cover of a book or a poster for a movie if those are not exciting if they don't create curiosity people aren't reading the and they're not watching the movie and they're not watching your videos this first thumbnail rule is all about you connecting with your audience if you have an educational Channel or if you have a personal brand you want that human connection and that's why you will always see my face on my YouTube thumbnails because I want people to know oh that is Virginia that's the person making this video and eye contact and facial expressions are the fastest way to connect with someone the second rule is is if you want that human connection you have to have some kind of emotion on your face but hear me out I used to make thumbnails that look like this and lots of people still do this has to do with your personal preference and your brand and who you're attracting to your account these click baity looking pictures on thumbnails don't do it for me anymore not only do they not get me clicks I don't really like seeing them anymore so a lot of times I have to think like my viewer and wonder what would they rather consume and if you've noticed in this entire series I'm trying to get more personal I'm trying not to sound so presenter like and having these fake looking pictures on your thumbnails is not really authentic looking so I have Expressions on my face but I try not to be over the top and especially the ones that look like this I have found that the ones where I look super irritated never did well that last rule is something you're going to need to test because it can be different for every channel but this next rule is something everybody needs to go by when it comes to making thumbnails you've got to make your thumbnail so easy to read especially since the majority of people are looking at YouTube on their phones so that means you are going to use very easyto read fonts nothing really fancy and curly looking because that's hard to read I also don't use more than four words on my YouTube thumbnails because I want it to be super easy to read and I want it to be something that's going to help them want to go read the title underneath that thumbnail my next thumbnail rule has a lot to do with the last rule because we again want it to be really easy for them to read so I make sure that my fonts are big enough so that they can easily be seen on a phone and I also want to make sure that my fonts are on the left side of my thumbnail because people in the US read from left to right also over on the right side of your thumbnail is where YouTube is going to put a lot of symbols like the length of time of your video will be on the right side of your thumbnail so a lot of times words are covered up by that because they are too far over to the right of the thumbnail this next rule has to do with one of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to thumbnails they repeat in their thumbnail exactly what they put in their title not realizing that that is wasted real estate if you really want people to click on your video then you want your title and your thumbnail to go together so what I do is I make sure it is very clear what they're going to get in the video in the title of the video but in the thumbnail I want to evoke some kind of emotion and I'm not going to use the exact same words that I use in the title in my thumbnail and you can look at some of these examples and you'll see exactly what I mean I want people to know that they're going to get something that they really want out of that thumbnail or they're going to avoid something they really don't want when they see that thumbnail so I'm very intentional with the words I put on my thumbnail in fact I know what my thumbnail is going to say before I ever hit record on any video now let's get to the three easy ways you can make thumbnails in less than five minutes the first way is you're going to use your phone and you're going to take some pictures of yourself preferably in front of a blank wall because we are going to be removing the background and it's a lot easier when you don't have anything behind you once you take some pictures on your phone using your countdown now in this version we are going to be using Instagram to make this thumbnail I have an apple so on my Apple phone I can just tap down on a picture and it will immediately copy that picture without the background then I'm going to open up Instagram stories and I'm going to hit create I'm going to select a background color that would be part of my brand and then I'm going to hit paste I'm going to paste that picture right there then I can simply use the text to create a title on that picture and I'm doing this horizontally and then I'm going to save that to my phone bam you've got a thumbnail picture now the next way is we're going to do the same thing with the pictures from our phone except we're going to upload it to canva and in canva you can select effects and then select remove background and now you don't have a background on your picture you can put any other picture behind it or a different color if you want to and again you're going to be adding four words or less and very easy to read font towards the left side of your thumbnail and then you're going to save that as a PNG G this last way is the way that I have been making my thumbnails for this challenge I simply take a screenshot from the video either on my computer or if I have shot something on my phone I can take it from my phone then I upload that to canva and notice that I have all of my thumbnails looking almost exactly the same except I have a different screenshot for every video but I'm using the same little background bar in the same place every time and this is a great hack for you if you go ahead and create a template inside canva it's going to make your life so much easier when it comes to making thumbnails because now all you have to do is change out the text and change out the picture save it as a PNG boom you got a thumbnail now this is one way to simplify your YouTube process by making effective but easy thumbnails but now you got to figure out how am I going to record videos more frequently especially with the crazy schedules that we have in my next video I'm going to show you how I'm recording a video no matter what my day looks like every single day

  Top Comments:
  1. @Richboss1-l5i: Hi everyone am new here I wish you all the best as a new starter is just faith
  2. @ttendoirene: Congratulations dear for this great milestone, God has been so good 🥰
  3. @RetirementPrepper: Great insight for men to learn from as a new channel creator.  Glad to be a subscriber and I look forward to more fantastic tips!
  4. @M.INDLESS01: This video is really useful.
  5. @hiramabiff5557: I clicked this vid because you look rediculous like Jim Carey in the thumbnail
  6. @sarmindrawingacademy: I try so hard but I can't. God knows if I will ever be able to. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  7. @LindaLaforge: Question. I need to redo my thumbs for art mediation videos. My face isn’t in the videos, jut my hands at work. Should I still put myself in the thumb, maybe holding the art?  I definitely need to retitle the image as it’s the same as the video name. Thanks for this! The wheels in my head go round and round!
  8. @mathewforsyth1006: Thanks. But, I'm 30 seconds in and that top-right drawer is not closed properly and now it is all I can think about. Can it be closed? Can you close it and redo this video? And, what's in it anyway? Probably something too big right? Wait. And why are the handles on the cupboard doors both on the right!? That's not even Ikea. Did you put it together? That drawer should really be closed and those handles should really, both meet in the middle. Shoe boxes are too big for most drawers and that cupboard is definitely upside down and facing the wrong way. I'm not going to scroll back up. I'm imagining a plant that needs water or some embarrassing foreign object left on a table of something. I'll just going to listen from here. Next to all the shitty thumbnails on the right BTW.
  9. @Steven_Ilse: One of the best descriptions I’ve seen in a while thank you. Definitely new to all of this stuff 🫣💯
  10. @phenario: I love it, I got zero views
  11. @AshaBloodmoon: Wonderful video! Thanks!
  12. @SandeepTete-e6z: Thank you for your help
  13. @Shinewithmoojaahid: Or just use Nano Banana 🍌 😅
  14. @GarysSlotsTravel: hello, I just found your channel and subscribed. when taking pictures for your thumbnail, does it matter if you use your phone or tablet! schould I download a canvas app or just save canvas on my desktop pc? I am looking to try and better my videos with thumbnails,intros etc. thanks
  15. @RuthyMichaels: Thanks so much, Virginia. I really needed this.
  16. @Linah_ke: Thank you I have learned somethong new🎉
  17. @ehlmoyana1388: Thank you for sharing this video to us ❤🎉
  18. @RyahWood: So helpful! 🎉
  19. @RyahWood: Fabulous information! Thank you.
  20. @borasilman2926: Great info thank you

- How I Actually Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I made only 3 videos on this channel&nbsp; and all of them got over 100,000 views believe it or not it all&nbsp; comes down to these 4 steps&nbsp; I already explained how I use&nbsp; storytelling to get more retention&nbsp; now it's time for step 2... you ready?&nbsp; if no one clicks on the video they don't watch&nbsp; point of the thumbnail is to create a journey&nbsp;&nbsp; from the thumbnail to even the high quality images are crucial&nbsp; add some intrique and make people want to know what happens next&nbsp; doesn't make any sense does it? we need to make better thumbnails...&nbsp; I don't mean these guys are wrong but let's&nbsp; be real you already know all these basics&nbsp; even if you don't they're just common sense&nbsp; do you really need to be told to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail simple 5 different times in 5&nbsp; different videos from 5 different gurus?&nbsp; I guess not so here's the full&nbsp;&nbsp; guide on how to actually make a thumbnail&nbsp; that gets clicks we will go from the design&nbsp;&nbsp; rules I use to thumbnail types getting inspiration&nbsp; branding word choice visual effects testing and...&nbsp; the first rule is pretty simple but it takes your&nbsp; design from a mess to a piece of art just take&nbsp;&nbsp; any popular youtuber's thumbnail and and draw 4&nbsp; lines like that do you see what's going on there?&nbsp; almost all of them even my thumbnails&nbsp; follow these lines at the core&nbsp; well you might know the rule of thirds&nbsp; from photography which basically says&nbsp; put the objects over these&nbsp; lines to get a nice shot&nbsp; that's why almost every channel&nbsp; has a thumbnail like this&nbsp; because it works so just add those lines to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you throughout the entire design trust me it's a game changer&nbsp; we'll come back to the layout but before&nbsp; that you need to choose a color...&nbsp; you probably heard people talking about the color&nbsp; wheel the idea is to get enough contrast in your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail you should choose two opposite colors&nbsp; from this circle and if you dive deeper you would&nbsp;&nbsp; see there are more techniques that's used to&nbsp; get fancy combinations but here's the plot...&nbsp; I don't use them there's a much easier way&nbsp; to find a color for your thumbnail and for&nbsp;&nbsp; your entire channel so here's what I do take any&nbsp; color you like as your main color I chose yellow&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine then add three more one black one&nbsp; white and one in the middle you can slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak these to match your main color but I like&nbsp; to keep it simple and finally add another color&nbsp;&nbsp; to highlight things there we go go a color palette&nbsp; that's actually useful even though my sister says&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like a Minecraft house made from diamond&nbsp; and gold I like it you can use it in your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; too but that's for another video now you might ask&nbsp; wouldn't that be too repetitive if I use the same&nbsp;&nbsp; colors in all my thumbnails? that's right!&nbsp; the solution is simple just change the highlight&nbsp; color that way you can keep the fresh vibes&nbsp;&nbsp; while still being recognizable by your viewers it's simple just pick a basic font that isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; overused and you're good to go for those those who&nbsp; are asking the fwn I use is called "eastman" and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty good all right we talked about the&nbsp; rule of thirds and how to make a good layout it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice but you can't just invent something new&nbsp; in this square for every single video right?&nbsp; well you don't have to if you paid attention while&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing on the homepage you may already&nbsp; have catched some thumbnail types that most&nbsp;&nbsp; youtubers are using shout out to this legend&nbsp; for breaking them down into 21 categories but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the best 10 that will work for 99% of&nbsp; the time youtubers like Airrack and Mrbeast use&nbsp;&nbsp; that style all the time but even if you're&nbsp; not an entertainment channel you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; use this type of thumbnail take a look at this hey what's he doing?! dude put that chicken down!&nbsp;&nbsp; oh this is how airplane engines are tested... they test it with chickens?!&nbsp; see that's the target emotion of these&nbsp; thumbnails just shock the viewer while&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolling on the homepage and make them clip&nbsp; it's easier to say but think about what you&nbsp;&nbsp; have in your video that would shock the viewers&nbsp; of course big things always get more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take this out of context people are&nbsp; curious to know what a $50 million house&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like or how this dude earns $900 just by&nbsp; listening to music until they realize he doesn't among all those over edited and screaming&nbsp; thumbnails another way to stand out is&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping it really simple just an interesting&nbsp; chat from discord a chair a red button or this&nbsp;&nbsp; thing whatever this is may get more attention it's&nbsp; usually just a screenshot shot from the video and&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple question that makes you curious to know&nbsp; what's going on channels like Dr Insanity or Zack&nbsp;&nbsp; are doing it so good that it makes it impossible&nbsp; to skip if you're a small channel and a popular&nbsp;&nbsp; niche social hacking is probably the best way to&nbsp; gain the first traction basically take the face of&nbsp;&nbsp; a famous person in your Niche and slap it into&nbsp; your thumbnail oh the video must be about that&nbsp;&nbsp; person though otherwise it's called clickbait all&nbsp; the videos you see with Mrbeast's face are using&nbsp;&nbsp; this strategy and it works pretty well even dream&nbsp; used in his first videos so don't underestimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of a popular face all right let's&nbsp; speed things up this is the style you see all&nbsp;&nbsp; over youtube just the creator next to something&nbsp; bigger yeah the one I use in this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; basically an interesting text at the top to give&nbsp; more context about the video it can be anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; compare to before and after something cheap versus&nbsp; expensive iPhone versus Android fin versus AI you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the point blurring the main character or the&nbsp; final result so people have to click to find out I don't know if you realize but all of those viral&nbsp; thumbnails that I showed in this video and even&nbsp;&nbsp; all the ones that you saw on your homepage have&nbsp; one thing in common they're not just using one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these formulas they're combining them look&nbsp; at Mrwhosetheboss' series where he buys every&nbsp;&nbsp; release of a tech like iPhone or Playstation I&nbsp; showed you this in big numbers but if you look&nbsp;&nbsp; closer you would see that he also uses header&nbsp; comparison and even social hacking formulas all&nbsp;&nbsp; at once or take a look at this chair which&nbsp; types could you spot it's branded because&nbsp;&nbsp; of their logo right here it's simple because&nbsp; well there's nothing else than a chair and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; using social hacking because everyone saw this&nbsp; chair at least once we can even include it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a weird object if you think chairs are weird?... even I used big numbers and header styles in my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video on this channel I wouldn't say it's&nbsp; very creative but it worked for sure I can go&nbsp;&nbsp; on with all the thumbnails that I showed but the&nbsp; idea is choose two or three styles combine them&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to stick to it for around five videos&nbsp; it will make your audience understand it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your style but don't stick to it for too long&nbsp; because using the same formula 100 times would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably make the viewers feel like you just keep&nbsp; repeating yourself and it will lower the chances&nbsp;&nbsp; of click unless you're a reaction channel... well it's one of the most popular advice that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can hear from youtube gurus just look what&nbsp; other youtubers in your niche are doing and try&nbsp;&nbsp; to replicate but I completely disagree with that&nbsp; and I have evidence to support my opinion take my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video as an example trying youtube shorts&nbsp; is definitely not a unique video idea what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail that style seems to work for many&nbsp; people well in that case you're a smart guy just&nbsp;&nbsp; copy what works right the problem is you're not&nbsp; the only one that is the worst thing to do if&nbsp;&nbsp; you see many similar thumbnails from different&nbsp; channels about the same topic hopping on that&nbsp;&nbsp; train is probably not a good idea if so many&nbsp; channels are already doing that it's the cliche&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail now and your audiences are basically&nbsp; the same so there's no reason for people to click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your zero view video instead of their 100k even worse people will probably notice they're&nbsp;&nbsp; too similar and you might become just a copycat&nbsp; of your competitor so what should you do then you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't reinvent the wheel for each new video right? well...&nbsp; just kidding of course it's not really possible&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that if you're posting consistently sooner&nbsp; or later you'll run out of thumbnail ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; when that happens you should just look at channels&nbsp; outside your niche for that video I went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the channels I follow in completely different&nbsp; niches and came up with this thumbnail same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; applies to almost all of them so get inspiration&nbsp; from the channels with different niches that will&nbsp;&nbsp; make your video stand out from the crowd because&nbsp; your audience with those channels are different&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the same with all these other channels&nbsp; so when it appears alongside those yours will&nbsp;&nbsp; be much more likely to get more attention experimenting with new things is always&nbsp;&nbsp; good but just try to keep the core elements like&nbsp; colors fonts and style consistent that makes your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience notice your video on the home screen&nbsp; way faster and with enough time boosts the CTR&nbsp; this is where you got to be creative you can&nbsp; use a big number if that suits your video a&nbsp;&nbsp; bold statement opposite of a common belief&nbsp; or just a title that represents your video&nbsp; if nothing fits well leaving it blank is always&nbsp; an option congratulations you just learned how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a viral thumbnail right I don't think&nbsp; so look you learned the theory which is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important but it doesn't mean anything if you&nbsp; don't know how to use them most people will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably close the video at this point take all&nbsp; that information and go make a thumbnail like this&nbsp; but if you stick around you'll learn how I turn&nbsp; this into this hey Finn what do you call it?&nbsp; Photoshop baby!! PhOtOsHOp BaByYy how you say it like that...&nbsp; with just a few simple effects and some ancient&nbsp; Photoshop sorcery that I learned from this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah hey everyone I'm still here here got stuck in&nbsp; this timeline dude you need to work on your jokes&nbsp; PHOTOSHOP... after choosing your&nbsp;&nbsp; concept and sketching a detailed draft on paper&nbsp; open Photoshop create a new project get your lines&nbsp;&nbsp; add your character text a nice background and&nbsp; other elements it already looks better than that&nbsp; make the text fancier by double clicking here&nbsp; then change the color add inner glow outer glow&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever this is just tweak the settings&nbsp; to make the unique effect you want here are&nbsp;&nbsp; the adjustments that I usually do if you want to&nbsp; get a similar style after you're happy with the&nbsp;&nbsp; look save it as a new style to use it next&nbsp; time you can do that for other elements too&nbsp; it's the effect that I used in this thumbnail&nbsp; to bend this chart you can bend anything by&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicking the corner of an image and choosing&nbsp; this button now you can warp it however you want&nbsp; looks good but they seem too distracting&nbsp; in the background let's add some blur&nbsp;&nbsp; select the image filter blur gaussian blur that might work work but we can do even better&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try again select image filter pixelate&nbsp; mosaic oh we made it worse again again that's&nbsp;&nbsp; it even though these blurs might not suit this&nbsp; thumbnail they work very well in some cases so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know how to use them all right let's&nbsp; move on we fixed these images but the background&nbsp;&nbsp; is too shiny it's almost hard to read the text&nbsp; so we need to make it darker take the brush wo&nbsp;&nbsp; wow calm down you don't have to be a Bob Ross to&nbsp; use this okay just try to keep up make your brush&nbsp;&nbsp; big and soft reduce the flow to something like&nbsp; 5% and increase smoothing now open a new layer&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of your background and start painting&nbsp; behind text character and things like that okay&nbsp;&nbsp; we're getting somewhere that background image&nbsp; looks nice but I don't really like the color I&nbsp;&nbsp; said but I don't really like the color how' to&nbsp; change it glad you asked select the background&nbsp;&nbsp; click image adjustments hue and saturation here&nbsp; you can choose a specific color to change or&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak the entire image noise we're almost done&nbsp; but I'm looking so unnatural over there I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; the text above my head is shiny there should&nbsp; be some light reflections in reality right? pick the selection tool select the thing&nbsp; create a new layer take the brush make&nbsp;&nbsp; it smaller pick a nice color and brush&nbsp; over where the light is coming from oh&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to change the layer blending&nbsp; style to overlay if it doesn't work for&nbsp;&nbsp; your image try other styles and colors too&nbsp; after everything's done I like to send it&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone and play around with the colors&nbsp; in Lightroom so it goes from this to this&nbsp; before publishing the video you need to test&nbsp; how it looks on youtube homepage to do that go&nbsp;&nbsp; to thumbs up.tv add your title and thumbnail and&nbsp; see if it looks good if it does you're good if not&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the drawing board again but hopefully&nbsp; it does here it is I know it's probably not the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way to make a thumbnail but that's just how&nbsp; I do it at the moment it will definitely change&nbsp;&nbsp; with time but for now this is all I do and it&nbsp; works for me so may work for you as well... [Music] PhOtOsHOp BaByYy

  Top Comments:
  1. @turkcipitiofficial [1 likes]: 3:10 neeeeediyo ooolum.
  2. @vikash0pradhan: Bakwas 0% 
 value 100%
  3. @alihesham8167: 3:31 🙂
  4. @GavinGamer2: 1:13 crazy work here
  5. @ClickFarmaStudio: Excelent body!
  6. @happydavvy: I just use AI to make my thumbnails with prompts am not good with colors and making thumbnails
  7. @SecularGrowth: Just insane how good this man is :)
  8. @AbhinavSingh-x5d3v: Bro which app you are using please tell me bro
  9. @hasoking6860: Thanks a lot dude, as a beginner I was so confused at everything but with your help I can now execute the essentials(which is pretty enough for my need). Thanks a lot, really.
  10. @joelmwalugha: Thank you so much
  11. @Sulaiman__mostafa: Absolute cinema
  12. @Seafritzz: NOW I GOT THE NOTE PAD WITH ME
  13. @LolaLogicYT: It's helpfull but something missing Its feels like you flex Your skilss
  14. @RedEcho-2: This was like the best Tutorial I've ever seen
  15. @ryanellisonyt: so glad I got this on my recommendation 😊
  16. @nifemi_ttb: Ohhh i love issac 😂🤍
  17. @akilachamod9491: i'm glad this is the first video that is recomended for me when i search to learn. 
everything i need to learn was at one palce.. 😍😍
  18. @keinfps6970: you can notice that he is from shorts :) I'm learning so much in 1min
  19. @fitblood: This video gives me sea sickness
  20. @pedrosiqueiraviolão: 10:34 lá ele kk

- how to make a killer youtube thumbnail (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en here's how to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel because a single thumbnail could be the difference between getting your big break on YouTube and going completely unnoticed as Mr Beast is fond of saying people don't click they don't watch but how exactly do you get someone to click what do the top YouTubers know that we don't to find out I spent the last 36 Days pouring over interviews listening to talks and analyzing the best performing thumbnails from the top creators in the world 73 pages of notes later I discovered that the best YouTube thumbnails fall follow a four-part formula this video will walk you through them all the first part is the one that's by far the most important and yet also the most overlooked if you're watching this video I don't have to tell you that thumbnails are important there is a reason why you clicked on this video in the first place but where most of us go wrong is in the time we dedicate to our thumbnails you see the top YouTubers know that YouTube is a game of clicks and watches the success of a video is determined in part by the effectiveness of the packaging which drives clicks and in part by the video itself which drives watch time the problem is most of us spend our time like this we'll spend countless hours agonizing over scripts capturing the best shots and editing our videos to Perfection only to come up with a thumbnail an hour before the video goes live if that sounds like you don't worry you're not alone that's something I've been working on improving myself but why would you spend 10% of your time on something that determines 50% of the result that's why part one of making a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel is Killer time allocation the best YouTubers in the world view thumbnails as a priority not as an afterthought and while most of us don't even start thinking about thumbnails until right before hitting publish top YouTubers take the time to finalize their thumbnails first before they even start working on the video itself so don't be afraid to spend days or even weeks perfecting your thumbnail it's worth taking the time to get it right once you're prepared to give your thumbnail the time it deserves you're ready to move on to part two of the formula to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel killer psychology when most of us go into thumbnail creation our process might look a little something like this we'll think oh yeah I need a thumbnail um I should probably be in it and there should be some images or icons related to my video topic and I should throw some text in there too to really emphasize the point but that is the default we'll spend the majority of our time finalizing the colors positioning and text our process couldn't be more wrong if we tried because while we're spending most of our time on thumbnail design the most successful YouTubers spend the majority of their time nailing the psychology behind the click and recently world-renowned YouTube consultant Patty Galloway confirmed the exact same thing a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the fil that because ultimately no matter the formatting or color scheme of a thumbnail the decision to click is driven by a single psychological mechanism here curiosity and that curiosity is strongest we experience what's known as a curiosity Gap this is the gap between what we currently know and what we want to know and is one of the most basic drivers of human behavior because as humans our brains are wired to Crave closure so when we're introduced to an unfinished story or a question without an answer it's like having an itch that we very much want to scratch our brains go wow I could really use some closure right now that pushes us to seek out Answers by clicking on the video to see this in action let's take a look at this thumbnail from Kelly wakasa design-wise this thumbnail is relatively simple there are no crazy Halos of light or detailed illustrations yes the colors are great which is something we'll get into detail later but it's not the colors that make this an insanely clickable thumbnail it's Ashley in her position and her expression and Kelly in the action he's taking these elements work together to evoke the questions what led up to this very moment and what's about to happen next these questions open a curiosity Gap that Gap is only closed by clicking on the video and watching it the stronger the Curiosity Gap the more clickable the thumbnail and the strongest curiosity gaps on YouTube are created using one of the same five methods the thumbnail we just looked at is a prime example of a moment thumbnail these thumbnails generate curiosity by offering a glimpse into the moment right before a powerful reaction when the moment captured contains enough emotion and tension it becomes nearly irresist resistible when we inevitably click on the video we're clicking to find out what happens directly before during and after that exact moment story thumbnails also generate curiosity by provoking the question what happens next but instead of focusing on a specific moment before a reaction story thumbnails place the emphasis on building narrative they usually do this by introducing a point of tension or a question that sets up the First Act of the story when we click on the video we click both for the resolution of the T tension on screen and afford whatever new tension or consequence that resolution leads to the stronger the tension the more effective the thumbnail result thumbnails feature a desired result whether it's a physical final product or a sought after skill the Curiosity Gap Remains the Same how did they do it and commonly how can I do it too the more sought after the result the stronger the Curiosity Gap and the more effective the thumbnail transformation thumbnails also feature a desired result the difference is they also show a beginning State the more relatable this beginning State the more effective transformation thumbnails are for the Curiosity coming from the desire to know the story and process behind getting from point A to point B and last but not least novelty thumbnails draw their power from our natural urge to experience something we've never seen before novelty thumbnails typically come in two flavors novelty that inspires awe and Novelty that is weird or unexpected and while nov y can be drawn from complete absurdity it tends to be the most effective when it's combined with something we're already familiar with offering a unique spin to something we already know so before you open canva or photoshop consider what curiosity Gap you want to create first what questions can you introduce that they really need the answers to if you're having trouble coming up with a strong curiosity Gap I have some bad news for you your video idea probably isn't interesting enough in the first place I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's going to be so funny I just can't think way it's a thumbnail there and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately the best YouTube thumbnails come from killer video ideas and the topic of how to come up with a killer video idea is big enough to make an entire other video about it so I will I'll put a link in the description below when it's out but to make sure you don't miss it now would be a great time to well you know the rest after you're 90% is unconfident you have a curiosity Gap people will click for you have the foundation for your killer thumbnail to blow up your channel but in order for someone to get hooked by your killer curiosity Gap they have to notice it in the first place because as soon as we log on to YouTube We're hit with a screen full of different recommendations each one vying for attention and as we're browsing through our recommendations often with our brains on autopilot we scroll past countless thumbnails that we don't even mentally register to avoid their thumbnails being lost in the noise the best YouTubers in the world are Masters at pattern Interruption they know exactly what to include in their thumbnails to stop your scroll because they know how to hack our brain's attention system you see our brains are constantly bombarded by stimulus if we constantly took in everything we could perceive at all times we'd be paralyzed with information overload so to help us out our brains use attention focusing on the most relevant or useful information while filtering out the rest but this attention system can be hacked because our brains are biologically primed to pay more attention to certain things I call these things scroll Stoppers and top YouTubers include them in their thumbnails to ensure that their thumbnails catch your eye a classic example is the use of faces you've probably heard the advice that faces do well in thumbnails and indeed our brains are very good at recognizing faces because it helps us understand other people's emotions and intentions which can in turn signal a Potential Threat or opportunity the larger the face the stronger this effect but before you go slapping a giant picture of your face to the left side of each of your thumbnails hey Mr Beast keep in mind that faces are quite a bit more effective for your favorite YouTubers than they are for you and no that's not a diss on your looks it's due to something called familiarity bias which is the idea that our brains are naturally drawn to what we're familiar with when we recognize the face of a YouTuber we already know like and Trust we're more likely to click on it versus a thumbnail featuring a face we don't recognize now this doesn't mean that if you're a new or small YouTuber you completely screwed in fact familiarity bias is something that can even be hacked in our favor that's the logic behind the thumbnail style of Charisma on command people are more likely to stop their scroll when they see a celebrity they recognize versus the face of a random guy they don't know familiarity bias is so powerful that even well-known gaming YouTubers will often feature a recognizable character or element from a popular game instead of their own face in a thumbnail and familiarity bias extends Beyond faces as well that's one of the reasons why thumbnails featuring instantly recognizable interfaces such as Discord iMessage Yelp PayPal and others are so eye-catching this isn't to say that you should never include your face in a thumbnail if you're a lesser known YouTuber our natural attraction faces is powerful even if they're unfamiliar but if if you a smaller YouTuber hoping to attract a larger audience you shouldn't rely on your face alone to stop a scroll instead consider using one or more of these other scroll Stoppers in general we're attracted to nice large round numbers these clickable numbers become even more clickable when money is attached to it something Finance channels tend to use to their advantage in fact money in any form tends to stop our scroll we're also naturally wired to detect danger and movement as they can often signal a new threat or opportunity in our environment in a similar vein we're drawn to displays of emotion because an emotional reaction in others can signal a threat we haven't detected ourselves yet we are biologically attracted to bright colors which in the early days of human existence could help us identify everything from ripening fruit to Fresh blood and we're also drawn to things that are aesthetically pleasing because frankly they feel really nice to look at and our brains want more of that pleasurable feeling but while it may be tempting to J amam as many scroll Stoppers as possible into your thumbnail that could end up hurting rather than helping you because the more scroll Stoppers your thumbnail has and the more click ba your thumbnail becomes the more diluted your brand gets that's one of the reasons why Ryan tryan opts for more realistic looking faces in his thumbnails and I found that realistic thumbnails just feel like me it feels like yeah if my face is not like then I feel more connected to the to the thumbnail if I'm just making a very subtle face that's like because it's realistic and I'm like oh that's that's legit so before you get lost in the sauce of throwing in big numbers bright colors and giant emotional faces in each of your thumbnails consider the brand you want to build and the story you want to tell not every scroll stopper will fit with every Creator and every audience and every curiosity Gap and that's okay just choose the one or two that enhances rather than dilutes or distracts from your chosen curiosity Gap and your brand after you have a killer curiosity Gap in one or more killer scroll Stoppers you've nailed the psychology of the click but how can we turn that wellth thought out psychology into a physical thumbnail that brings us to part three in making a killer design we tend to think of design as adding things but great design is actually about getting the main point across as quickly as possible which is good news for us because if it takes more than 2 seconds for a viewer to fully understand what's happening in your thumbnail they're already scroll R in past leaving your video unnoticed and unwatched to avoid this top YouTubers obsess over making their thumbnails extremely obvious to see and Incredibly easy to process and to do that they perfect the three C's of thumbnail design contents composition and contrast the contents of your thumbnail are all of the visual elements that make up your thumbnail including people icons Graphics backgrounds and text essentially it's the what of your your thumbnail but how do you decide what to include in your thumbnail it's simple you include whatever you need to create your curiosity Gap typically these elements are broken into two categories main characters and supporting characters the main character is the single element that best contributes to the Curiosity Gap this is the hero or focal point of the thumbnail for a novelty thumbnail It's the weird new or unexpected thing for a result thumbnail it's the result for a story thumbnail it's the main character or driver of the story and so on and so forth and while in some rare cases there can be more than one main character in the vast majority of thumbnails every other element exists to support the main character and creating the Curiosity Gap either by providing necessary context drawing attention or adding additional curiosity in this story thumbnail from Mr Beast the Curiosity Gap comes from wanting to know what happened while he was stranded at Sea what challenges he came across and how he dealt with with those challenges the story is about Mr Beast so he's the main character the rest of the elements are supporting characters there's a wraft to indicate that the main character is stranded the water to indicate that he's at sea sharks to add the scroll stopper of danger and the words day7 to indicate the scope and depth of the video there's nothing extraneous here every single element has a purpose and every element is positioned in a way that guides the eye directly to the main character which brings us to the second SE of thumbnail design composition starting with layout most high performing thumbnails follow one of two alignments symmetrical thumbnails Place their main character in the center with the left side of the thumbnail closely resembling the right side asymmetrical thumbnails follow the rule of thirds placing their main character on the left or right third of the thumbnail but it's not just the placement of the main character that matters supporting characters and backgrounds can also be used to direct attention when placed properly natural lines in the background can become leading lines subtly drawing our eyes to the main character and of course the classic red arrow or Circle helps to quite literally point out what we should be looking at in some cases though top YouTubers will intentionally direct some attention away from the main character instead choosing to emphasize a supporting character this is usually in cases where the supporting character is used as a reference point to establish some unique defining characteristic of the main character such as size in those cases top YouTubers are very careful to ensure their thumbnails maintain the proper hierarchy preventing the main character from being overshadowed by any supporting characters this hierarchy can be established using scale where the main character is significantly larger than any other element blur where the main character is in Focus while the other elements are blurred and depth where the main character is the element closest to the camera this hierarchy is especially critical to keep in mind when considering thumbnail text text in thumbnails is tricky in some thumbnails text is an integral supporting character adding critical context Clarity or curiosity in others text only serves to add clutter so if you're tripping over your words here are some pointers text should only be used if it's additive to the story the thumbnail is trying to tell what do I mean by additive well there are a number of ways in which text can help create curiosity it can be used to show scope or intensity in thumbnail such as 41 minutes in or stake number 46 which gives viewers a sense of scale it can add context giving viewers insight to things they may not know it can add Clarity to things that might not be obvious and can even be a source of curiosity acting like a subheading if you do elect to use text in your thumbnails here are some things to keep in mind while the human brain can process an image in as little as 13 milliseconds it takes us much much longer to process text so unless the text you use is a big flat cashy number with a dollar sign in front of it don't count on text to be what draws in viewers in the first place your text should never just repeat your title remember we're going for additive not repetitive and you should optimize your text for legibility this means keeping it to a maximum of five words avoiding it looking like a block of text using language your audience can easily understand and selecting a font that is easy to read typically this means sanser fonts with outlines and shadows unless you're going for a specific brand or Vibe and make sure your text is never higher in the element hierarchy than your main character take this lovely binging with babish thumbnail it's a clear compelling result thumbnail and it looks delicious now let's make the most common thumbnail text mistake no more eye-catching result instead just a block of text you won't bother reading as you scroll past to avoid ruining a good thumbnail with poor text choices ensure your main character always remains the dominant element but position iing alone isn't enough to do that and even the most beautifully structured thumbnail can be ruined if it doesn't apply one critical concept this concept contrast and no not this type of contrast when we say that a thumbnail really pops what we're really saying is that it has good contrast and when applied properly contrast can not only instantly capture attention but also guide the viewer's eye directly to the most important part of the thumbnail how do we do that with color colors have three values Hue saturation and lightness or luminosity and contrast can be created using each of these values contrast using luminosity comes from mixing lights and darks Luminosity contrast is the driver behind the success of this thumbnail from Mr who's the boss this is a novelty thumbnail the Curiosity generated from a strange crystal structure we've never seen before the main character of the crystal structure and the critical supporting character of the contextual text in the arrow are the complete opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background and from Mr who the boss himself if Mr who's the boss's background was lighter our attention wouldn't be drawn to the Curiosity generators anymore they'd completely blend in instead we'd instantly be drawn to Mr who's the boss's face which isn't strong enough alone to drive curiosity and get the click contrast using saturation comes from mixing areas of high saturation with areas of low saturation the best example of this is Ryan tryan's iconic world's quietest room thumbnail which was so effective it started a whole Trend the main character in Ryan's thumbnail is Ryan himself and his reaction to being within the world's quietest room by dropping the saturation to just grayscale for the rest of the thumbnail but keeping Ryan in full saturation that saturation being emphasized even more by using a rich bright color Ryan instantly stands out from everything else and our eyes immediately find him saturation contrast can also be combined with Luminosity contrast for eye-catching results in this thumbnail from Elizabeth Phillips the main curiosity generators are Elizabeth herself in the supporting text Elizabeth's turtleneck and the supporting text are the opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background creating Luminosity contrast but to take things one step further she adds a bright pop of red for saturation contrast instantly drawing attention to her face and the most important word on the thumbnail less common but still worth me mentioning we have Hue contrast contrast using Hue comes from using what's known as complimentary colors these are colors that sit opposite to each other on the color wheel they're the colors that create the most pop when placed side by side in this thumbnail from Mr Beast the color of the raft is neatly complimentary to the color of the water if his raft were a different color it wouldn't stand out as much and take a look at this thumbnail from Nick de Giovani he could have chosen any color as his background but this bright blue is the one that best comp complements the vibrant orange of the Prime bottle allowing it to pop but contrasting Hue isn't reserved for just two colors remember when I said the colors in this Kelly wakasa thumbnail were great it's a great example of split complimentary colors the main colors of Ashley's skin tone her blue coat and Kelly's yellow coat are nearly perfectly split complimentary resulting in each color standing out without anyone overpowering the others other complimentary color schemes include Triads and even tetrads and while using complimentary colors is by no means necessary for a killer thumbnail trust me the vast majority of successful thumbnails don't follow a perfectly complimentary color scheme it's a great place to start if you typically struggle with picking out thumbnail colors but the concept of contrast isn't reserved for color values within a thumbnail itself contrast is also incredibly powerful when applied in relation to other thumbnails your viewers might often see in a second I'm going to show you a screen of thumbnails I want you to notice which ones your eyes are instantly drawn to ready go which thumbnail does your attention keep snagging on for most people it's this one which is wild because looking at it there's nearly nothing on it it doesn't seem like particularly brilliant thumbnail but it stands out to us because it's different while every other Minecraft thumbnail is bursting with numerous brightly colored elements this thumbnail just has one big color block as a result it's remark able it contrasts with every thumbnail around it making it pop so while it may be tempting to follow the thumbnail meta of your Niche consider going against the grain if most thumbnails are maximalist try something minimalist if most thumbnails use red try using blue or green try being remarkable it might just be your breakout thumbnail it was for me but whether you choose to think outside the rectangle or Draw your inspiration from what already works it's safe to say that by now a lot of work has been poured into your thumbnail there are curiosity gaps and scroll Stoppers and contents and composition and contrast it's a lot to keep track of so as you're making your final thumbnail adjustments how do you know when you're done how do you know that you have a killer thumbnail that's good enough to blow up your channel to evaluate the quality of their thumbnails the best YouTubers in the world run their finished thumbnails through a series of three tests which brings us to the fourth and final step in our formula to make a killer thumbnail to blow up your Channel killer analysis the first test top YouTubers run on their thumbnails is the clarity test because when we make our thumbnails they're usually taking up our entire screen on Photoshop canva or in my case figma they look brilliant Bold and Beautiful the perfect thumbnail a masterpiece but your viewers don't see your thumbnail on Photoshop your viewers see your thumbnail on YouTube and thumbnails can look very different in full screen than when they're teeny tiny on a suggested panel so to make sure your thumbnail makes sense at any size popped into a preview tool like click pilot the smallest your thumbnail will ever show up on YouTube is in the suggested panel so to pass the clarity test you must be able to make out every element of your thumbnail in the sidebar view without straining can you clearly read every word can you easily identify every element if the answer is no your thumbnail still needs some work once you've pass the clarity test you can advance the contrast test this is where top YouTubers verify their thumb nail stands out in a crowd add a few channels that your viewers are also watching does your thumbnail interrupt the pattern can your thumbnail stop the scroll if not go back and make some changes if yes you're ready to move on to the third and final test the glance test if you've made it all the way to this test it's safe to say that you've spent a lot of time staring at your thumbnail which means that you're more than a little biased so for the ultimate test of whether or not they have a killer thumbnail nail the best YouTubers in the world show their thumbnails to someone else even sometimes I'll just take take a thumbnail on my phone and show it to someone really quickly and just say what did you see put your thumbnail on your phone and Flash it to a friend family member or willing stranger for 2 seconds and then ask them what they saw if those 2 seconds aren't enough for someone seeing your thumbnail for the first time to fully understand what's going on your thumbnail isn't clear enough but if you pass the clarity test and the contrast test and the glance test congratulations you have your killer thumbnail you'd think that would be the end right but no despite being so intentional about every component of their thumbnail the best YouTubers in the world still have one final secret they apply to every thumbnail they make because even the best YouTubers in the world are wrong sometimes so top YouTubers don't just make one killer thumbnail they make three the one that they hit publish with and two variations they're ready to swap it in a moment's notice as soon as they see a video start to flop these variations aren't as simple as just changing the T-shirt color and calling in a day because of a thumbnail is underperforming a t-shirt color change isn't going to be enough to save it instead top YouTubers will go all the way back to the beginning considering different curiosity gaps scroll Stoppers elements compositions and types of contrast will come up with 10 to 15 entirely different concepts don't worry these concepts are not fully fleshed out they're just sketched out and take from Patty Galloway these sketches don't even have to be that good they are the worst sketches ever known to mankind the sketches just serve as a proof of concept to get a general gist of what the final product could look like from there they'll select the three best Concepts to take to full thumbnails those are their thumbnail variations and those are the backups they have ready to swap in just in case their initial guess was wrong how do you know when it's time to swap in the first few hours after you hit publish closely monitor your videos views Impressions and clickthrough rate or CTR if your views Impressions and CTR are all above average then congratulations you did it you made your killer thumbnail no swapping needed if your views and impressions are both high but your CTR is low that's also a good sign this usually happens because YouTube decided to push your video out to people outside of your core audience and a lower than average CTR is natural and expected no swapping needed but if your views Impressions and CT PR are all below average it's worth swapping to a different thumbnail variation to see if it's a problem with your thumbnail if you're crunch for time and can't vigilantly monitor your analytics hours after each upload that's okay all is not lost YouTube is rolling out their own native AB testing feature and if you're a pleb like me and don't have access to it yet or if you want deeper more customizable testing thumbnail test is a great alternative some top YouTubers wait a few hours before swapping thumbnails and some top YouTubers wait a few days either way it always pays off to have a few variations on standby because sometimes the only thing holding a video back from reaching its full potential is the right thumbnail I know we've covered a lot in this video and for good reason thumbnails are simultaneously incredibly important and Incredibly complex and although I threw a lot at you today if there's anything to remember when making a killer thumbnail to blow up your channel it's give your viewers a reason to click make your thumbnails OB obious to see and easy to understand and pass your tests to help you out you can even save this guide to reference every time you make a thumbnail I'll put a link to download it for free in the video description below and here's the thing the next thumbnail you make may not be perfect or the one after that or the one after that but guess what there is no such thing as the perfect thumbnail thumbnails are an art form not an exact science and all of the guidelines I introduce in this video are just that guidelin for every Point I've brought up there are dozens of examples of killer counter points but sometimes you just need to understand the best practices in order to know which ones to bend or break and as long as you implement the principles covered in this video with every thumbnail you make you're going to get better and better YouTube channels tend to grow a little bit at a time and then all at once and while I might not be able to guarantee that your next video will go viral I am sure of one thing if you keep going and if you keep improving you will get there it might be tomorrow it might be quite a few tomorrows but if you keep with it your big break will come after all you're just one killer video away but a killer thumbnail alone isn't enough to make a killer video because after someone clicks on your video they need to actually watch it and for that to happen they need to make it through your intro so to learn how to make a killer YouTube intro click here otherwise keep creating like And subscribe if you can and I will see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItzJaytheAnimator [1 likes]: Girl your doing well cuz I watched All your videos from start to finish
  2. @HighSchoolMathLab [1 likes]: Amazing thumbnail video. Now off to implement the strategies!
  3. @susmatteoo [1 likes]: The caution sign is also a thumbnail for a rimworld mod. Called common sense
  4. @alpinecricketer: Any tips for thumbnails where the  video 'topic' actually emerges as you film the video ? I.E a sports match. I struggle to wrap my head around planning thumbnails for these because you dont actually know whats going to happen in the video and you only identify potential curiosity gaps in editing.
  5. @UltimateChr: Hahahaha "us (plebs)" 
Man, I feel that...
  6. @aprendese: Best video about thumbnails on YouTube
  7. @MiniJankari: Waaao , I can’t believe , what I saw today ❤
  8. @prabhukrishnan6017: @Aprilynne Alter Never seen the Thumbnail design video like your's. This is too great, Loved it. Thanks a lot for this information.
  9. @33konn: how the hell do I make someone curious about a little music animation I made 💔
  10. @meditationandmusic9725: Best ever video on Thumbnails in the whole Youtube Fully value packed💯🙌
  11. @boringadviceyt: Honestly, you could sell this video like a course and charge crazy amount of money. Thank you for this Killer video!
  12. @hassansyed6087: April, this is my 4th time commenting on your videos.
You know how much game you have given me? Like actual, repeatable, observable winning methods ?
Truly. Thank you
  13. @wicomms: If one is starting a bible channel what thumbnail could we use?
  14. @HodgesKooker: :face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning:
  15. @JabarisBeautifulWorld: Thanks for this!!
  16. @S4SQU4TCH_2K: you just earned yourself another subscriber, thanks (saved your playlist too)
  17. @LastMarauderMusical: Any suggestions for making a curiosity gap for song demos?
  18. @FoundationBibleStudies: Thank you for such a thorough breakdown. This will definitely be a reference as I try and lock in the psych of packaging.
  19. @SaplingofSpunk: > "For the 2025 algorithm"
> Posted December 2023

(Thank you for the info, just thought the date disparity was funny lol)
  20. @asmaadelulu: u have cute hands 🥺

- Nail the First 5 Seconds: Viewer Hook Secrets!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ever clicked away from a video in seconds? You're not alone. We live in a world of instant gratification and short attention spans. That's why the first 5 seconds of your content are absolutely crucial. It's make or break time. You're competing with a million other distractions. So, you have to capture interest immediately. Think of it as a digital handshake. You need to make it firm, confident, and engaging. If you don't, viewers bounce. Lost opportunity. Our brains are hardwired to make snap judgments. It's evolutionary. Think back to our ancestors. They had to quickly assess if something was a threat. This instinct translates to today's digital world. We decide if something is worth our time in a flash. First impressions aren't just about grabbing attention. They're about establishing trust and credibility. A sloppy start makes your entire video seem less credible. So, how do you nail those first 5 seconds? Start with a bang. Use a compelling visual. Ask a thoughtprovoking question. Introduce a surprising statistic. The key is to peique curiosity and make the viewer crave more. Don't be afraid to get creative and experiment with different approaches. Think about your target audience. What would resonate with them? Stories are powerful. They connect with us on an emotional level and keep us engaged. Start your video with a compelling story. Tease a conflict or introduce an intriguing character. This immediately draws viewers in and makes them want to know what happens next. Remember, you're not just presenting information. You're telling a story. Make it memorable.

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- The 21-Second Hook Formula That Makes Viewers Beg to Buy Your Product: Kind: captions Language: en Every great story starts with the hero who's doing fine, but they immediately get into a hole. I always say never make yourself the hero in the story. So, whoever is giving you the money when they see your video, you want them to find themselves in the story. What this means for you as a principal is you need to cast a vision for your customer's life. So, how do you make a sales video, a pitch video for your product, your service, your brand, and not make it feel like you're selling anything? uh make it feel like you are telling a story and also dramatically increase sales. That's a lot, right? Well, I saw a video recently that I think is a master class on how to actually do it. This is a video for Gary Brea. He has a company called the Ultimate Human. His client is Dana White. Now, this is his most high-profile client. He's probably seen the biggest transformation with this client. A lot of companies do this, right? They'll interview the client and they'll show some one minute video, two-minute video of the client telling their story, but it's not riveting. It's not exciting. It's none of that. Uh, it's boring. In fact, this is not boring. This is interesting. All right. How do you actually take a sales pitch and make it feel like you're telling a story? This is how you do it. >> Gary said, "Give me 13 weeks and I'll change your life." Nobody could fix anything that was wrong with me. I probably was going to die within years. >> A lot of what we did was not fancy multi-million dollar equipment. A lot of it was keto reset diet. getting into a routine, dietary and lifestyle changes. >> It didn't take 13 weeks. It took six. And it started to feel so good that you become addicted to feeling that good. >> And look at this guy. All right, stop. We're going to stop right there. We are 22 seconds in and audience is pretty riveted. This is one of those, if this was an ad on YouTube, it's one of those ads that if you're the right demographic and certainly if you're a Dana White fan or UFC fan, you're probably not going to pause it. Your your finger is right there on the button, but it's riveting. The music is exciting. this guy is trying to figure something out. This guy is seeing incredible results. All that kind of stuff. All right, let's break it down. The first thing that you've got to do in a video like this is really quickly you've got to put the hero in a hole. Every great story starts usually with a hero who's doing fine, but they immediately get into a hole, right? They lose their job. They find out there's a bomb that's going off. Somebody tries to kill them. Uh their girlfriend leaves them. That's a story. The story is just here's a hero with a stable life and we're going to put him down in a hole. So, let's watch how they do this. They're going to put the hero in a hole within seconds. anything that was wrong with me. >> Stop. That's it. Give me 13 weeks and I can fix your life. Nobody could fix anything that was wrong with me. We immediately first you put a deadline on it. Can Can Gary get this done in 13 weeks? And all of a sudden, this hero is in a hole and nobody could ever fix it. So, he's hopeless. Nothing has ever worked. We are 4 seconds in, right? Most businesses, it's 60 seconds before they even get here. We are 4 seconds in. There's music. It's really exciting. Now, now that the hero is in a hole, if we really want to make the story interesting, what we need to do is make the situation worse. It is not time to get the hero out of the hole. We want to increase the stakes. We want to increase the urgency. Want to increase the drama. So, what we're going to do is we're going to take this hero in a hole and we're going to throw a tire into the hole with them. Watch. >> I probably was going to die within years. >> Stop. Two more seconds. I believed I was going to die within years. The stakes are as high as they can possibly be. This is why so many movies are about life and death situations. And even if it's like a romantic comedy, I feel like I'm going to die without her. It's got to be that life or death drama, right? And the beautiful thing about this is Dana actually says it. I believed I was going to die within a few years. We are 7 seconds into this video. We know that there's some guy named Gary who can fix them. We know that this guy, there's nothing else that has ever worked for him. And he know we know he feels like he's going to die. That's the beginning of a story. Now the story question is how is this hero going to get out of the hole? Let's find out. it was keto reset diet getting in. >> Okay, stop. What we did was now we intuitively know we can foreshadow that somehow the hero got out of the hole. Now this is what's fascinating. Gary needs to position his product as the solution that will get the hero out of the hole. But he doesn't do that right away. He does something even better. What he does is he says it's not what you think it was. It's not uh what you have already tried. It is different. This is important for your customer because your customer has already tried a bunch of things and they think this is the same thing. So when you say it's not, they automatically go it's not anything I've tried yet. This is different. That's really really fantastic messaging on Gary Breakfast part. It's not this. What we did was actually very simple. getting into a routine. Dietary and lifestyle changes. >> Stop. Dietary and lifestyle changes. We got him into a routine. What this is in story story narrative form is it's called the plan, right? You have a hero in a hole and then there is a plan to get the hero out of the hole. So they position the plan as the the thing the solution to get the hero out of the hole. Now Dana White comes back and says it didn't take 13 weeks, it took six. It started to feel so good that you become addicted to feeling that good. >> All right. Now, he's he's gone all the way to where he's out of the hole, right? He's out of the hole. He's never felt this good. He's looking great. It didn't take 13 weeks. It took 6 weeks. This is an entire story. It's a short story in 21 seconds. All right, let's go back. It starts with the hero in a hole and the hero is in desperate situation. Then the hole is even worse because he's going to die. And then there is a plan that's not what you think it is. It's not what you've tried. It's something very different that got him out of the hole faster than they anticipated so that his results are even better than they've ever been anticipated. This is a story hook in 21 seconds that gets you interested in the whole rest of it. It's almost like it's foreshadowing the story that could happen to you, the customer. You could be Dana White. If you feel like you're in a hole, if you feel like you're going to die, if you've tried everything, you need to try my ex. Now, let's see where we go from here because they've already kind of told the story or at least they foreshadowed the story. I'm hooked. Tell me more. And that's where you want to get within 20 seconds. You want tell me more. I like the story. I'm interested. >> He's like TKO. He started Slap. He just signed his deal with Paramount, which is all over the news right now. >> Streaming is >> stop. What Gary is saying is my client is a badass. My client is awesome. Notice what he's not saying. Gary is not saying, "I am a badass. Look how awesome I am. I get people out of holes. I save people's lives. It's all about me. My supplements are amazing." He knows not to do that. He knows to say, "This story is not about me. This story is about my customer." I always say, "Never make yourself the hero in the story. Always make your customer the hero in the story. You want to be the guide." What does that actually mean? Well, in story, there are two major characters. The hero and the guide. There are other characters, but the hero and the guide are two of the major characters. The hero is the one who is trying to get out of the hole. The guide is the one who knows how to get them out of the hole. You always want to position yourself as the guide in the story. The one who is an expert at getting people out of the hole. That's why you don't want to talk about the fact that your grandfather started the company or you've been around for 75 years. Your customer doesn't care about that. What you really want to say is, "We think our customers are awesome, but they're suffering. They're suffering and we don't want them to suffer anymore. Look at these awesome people who are suffering. They deserve better." See how it's all about the customer and their story. They are modeling this right now. He's also giving Dana White a chance to brag about his own success and who he is >> on the rise. So, these streaming services are realizing they all need live sports. Everything that I'm doing in my life and in my business, literally none of this would be happening had I not finally connected with you 3 years ago. >> That's amazing. So he's saying all of my success and the fact that I'm a badass, all of that is because of you. None of it would have happened without you. So notice the hero is now out of the hole and they're turning around. They're shaking hands with the guide saying, "Thank you for getting me out of this hole." We are 40 seconds in. This is a master class in not telling your company story, but inviting your customer into a story. Here's what I mean. If you tell your story, it is, you know, my grandfather started a company. It's been around for a long time. We have created the best pool cleaning services in all of Topeka, Kansas. Uh my wife works with me. I'm the father of whatever. People are going, I I don't understand, right? I It's like, that's great. Fantastic. Sounds like you're bragging about yourself. But when I'm watching this video, I see myself as Dana White. I don't see myself as Gary Brea. I'm not I don't have a vitamin supplement company. I'm Dana White. So, whoever is giving you the money when they see your video, you want them to find themselves in the story. And what you want to do is you want them find themselves in a similar pain. So, you need to find out what the pain is of your customer and have your customer on camera, in text, however you're telling the story, had your customer say, "I was in so much pain because of this." And not only that, the pain was actually worse. I felt like I was going to die. It was awful. your equivalent of I felt like I was going to die might have been I tried a bunch of roofers and everybody wanted to overcharge me. Everybody was adding $10,000 onto the bid. It was killing me. So that kind of it was killing me is the line that you're actually looking for. And then you come in and you say, "Well, here's how we fixed their roof. Here's how we started cleaning their pool. Here's how we took care of their uh laundry service. Here's how we actually got them the software they needed to succeed. Here, you know, here's what we did." And then they come back and they say, "I have been so ridiculously successful and so ridiculously happy. It's all because of these guys." All of that in 40 seconds. You add a little music, some subtitles, and it is fantastic. Let's see where it goes from here. >> This deal that you just did. I mean, the fact that it's going to be so impactful. I think about where you were when we started and where you are. >> You hear this? I think about the hole that you were in when we started and then I think about where you are now. and I'm amazed by your journey. This is called guide affirming the hero. The guide actually steps back in at the end of the story and says, "You are awesome. You have transformed. You are different. You used to be a person with a problem. Now you're not a person with a problem. I honor you. I praise you. I adore you. This is amazing that you have accomplished this." Notice Gary is talking all about the customer, not about himself. He hasn't even said his name yet. It's amazing. you are now to say once you feel this good, you never ever want to go back. >> All right, but what's he saying there? He's not talking to Dana White anymore. He's talking to you. He's talking to the viewer. He's saying you are going to feel so good. You're never going to want to go back. Those are the results, right? The results of this the the the climactic scene that I want to foreshadow for you is you are never going to want to go back. You're going to feel better than you've felt in your entire life. And that's kind of how his story ends, right? It's it we head toward the climactic scene. What this life. If you buy my product, this is what the future looks like. And that's an important part of the story. This is where we need to go. Let's see where they go next. For all you people that think it's a croc of and all you guys in the industry and and you're out there criticizing >> bam. That was basically the call to action. The call to action was you need to move on this. And for this particular video, it's you need to watch the rest of this thing, right? I want you to plug in. Stop criticizing. And by the way, gets a lot of criticism because people think it's snake oil and Dana White saying it's not snake oil. Uh, and you have the customer telling the camera, "You got to take this seriously. You got to buy it." Now, they get into, you know, what the system actually is. You've earned the right. This video is 23 more minutes long. There's an interview. It's all that kind of stuff. But the hook at the beginning was a master sales pitch that disguised itself as a story. A story about who? A story about the customer. All right, let me summarize this into a formula that you can use. And again, in just 40 seconds, you can create a really incredible video. Start with a hero in a hole. Your hero has a problem. Whatever that problem is, whatever the problem is that you solve, you want to start with that. And it's your hero customer in a hole. Agitate the problem. Once they're in a hole, saying, "Man, I felt miserable. It was awful. In fact, I felt like I was going to die." Throw a tiger into the hole. This creates a sense of urgency. It people kind of lean in when they're watching the video. I want to know more. They they feel a little stressed because the music is making feel stressed. I mean, we've got them hooked at this point. Next, once you've got them hooked, position your product as the solution to the problem. This solution gets you out of the hole. Our customers get out of the hole when they buy this. Next, paint a before and after picture. You know, when I first met you, you were in a terrible shape. Now, you're in awesome shape. You feel better than ever. You can do this many ways. The customer can say, "I feel better than I've ever felt before." Or, "My pool is cleaner. I never have to worry about it." Or, "I don't have a leaky roof." whatever it is that you sell, paint a before. Before and after, not just the after picture, before and after picture. Next, call the customer to action. Actually ask them to buy the product. And here's how you do here's how you ask them to buy the product. If you are struggling with X, you should buy Y. Never actually just say you should buy Y. If you are struggling with X, you should buy Y. If you are in a hole, you should buy this ladder to get you out of the hole. Next, paint a picture of a climactic scene. Here's what life should look like for you. You shouldn't have to worry about cleaning your pool. You shouldn't have to worry about lawn maintenance. You shouldn't have to worry about your dog barking at the door all the time. You shouldn't have to worry about your software systems talking to each other. You shouldn't have to worry about this. Uh, and your life should actually look like this. Your software should be seamless and integrated. You shouldn't even notice it. You should actually walk out to your pool at any point. It should be clean and and sparkling and wonderful and refreshing to jump in. You shouldn't have a leaky roof. You shouldn't even think about your roof for the next 30 years. You should have a great roof at a great price. Paint a picture of the climactic scene. And then you're going to do the last thing. You're going to repeat the call to action again. If you are struggling with X, if you are worried about X, if X is a problem that you have, you should buy Y. Call me today. And you actually tell them where to go to buy that product. And you actually say, "Buy the product. You don't have to struggle with this any longer." You put that formula into a video. You make it move pretty quickly. You pick the right clips so that your customer is saying it and you're not having to say it. Stick a little music on, put some subtitles, and you have effectively created a sales pitch that feels like a story. If you want help creating a sales pitch that feels more like a story, my name is Donald Miller. I wrote a book called Building a Story Brand 2.0. That book has sold over 1.4 million copies to business owners just like you because it has in it the formulas that create sensational collateral just like this. If you want somebody to actually create the collateral for you and strategize with you an entire marketing and messaging system, especially in the age of AI, go to marketingmadeimple.com because I have certified hundreds of very, very good marketers to create collateral just like this for you. So go to marketingmadeimple.com and hire one of my story brand certified guides today and your marketing can start feeling much more like storytelling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KODYGnlp [20 likes]: This is a great breakdown Donald. One thing I’ll add, when Gary says it wasn’t some multimillion dollar process, he’s prendhandling the objection “of course this will work for Dana he’s rich” “I can’t afford this process” etc.
  2. @Gloveup.official [9 likes]: If you leave a negative comment on a FREE training/info someone’s is giving you that they had to put in work to make, YOU are the problem.

Great video and content. Thank you
  3. @mazzillionaire [6 likes]: Priceless content here folks. Watch this video everyday for 21 days and it will drastically advance your brand.
  4. @Melxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx [2 likes]: This is incredible
  5. @amraddinjamalli [2 likes]: I love your approach of storytelling. Thanks for creating these awesome videos.
  6. @WattlyShop [2 likes]: I gotta come back to this one when i’m at a desk!
  7. @ErikWilliams [2 likes]: This is so good!!
  8. @naylorstuff [1 likes]: That is a great ad! What if you don’t have an exciting product. I have a window cleaning business How do I make an ad that draws people in?
  9. @WattlyShop [1 likes]: If you don’t want this video to be just another great one you watched that never made you money — or if you’re curious how other hungry entrepreneurs are turning this valuable content into results — read my short outline below. I copied it for you:

1️⃣ Intent — relatable hero with a meaningful story
2️⃣ Pain — obstacle → agitation → then throw in a 🐅 (life-or-death or identity-level stakes)
3️⃣ Plan / Solution — introduce the explicitly and unapologetically and unwaveringly hero-centered guide and an explicitly and unapologetically and unwaveringly hero-centered hero-centered plan that requires your product (not a product-centered plan)
4️⃣ Result — reverse the pain by pointing back and looking down at the tiger in the hole from safety, then stack the wins and make the transformation meaningful.
  10. @tulogrodigital [1 likes]: Excellent video, thanks
  11. @actasifitisimpossibletofail [1 likes]: GB is a debunked pseudo “scientist”. So, you lost me right away.
  12. @CoreConceptsWellnessVancouver: ugh. love you. Brecka is a quack
  13. @Bonk1-i1r: no roman lettuce..no peas!!
  14. @bigrichgoals1: This is wonderful! But I had to stop watching because of the language. I’ll run it through ChatGPT and get the highlights! Thanks for a great concept!
  15. @carlgould: great!
  16. @alba..8479: 23 seconds in you lost me
  17. @Ytramvlog: Please multiple languages option on .
Please in hindi
  18. @morengothemoringapeople: Would you be able to share the link to the ad video? Thanks.
  19. @buatsubs3961: why ashamed of selling ?

these kind of people who try "covert" selling are people who are not confident with their own product.
  20. @ruabadfish2oou: Yet takes 15mins to explain...

- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [39 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  3. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  4. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  5. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  6. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  7. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  8. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  9. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  10. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  11. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  12. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  13. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  14. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  15. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁
  16. @KorayJackMariaJungmin: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @Liokeedit: Give me notes of this video
  18. @build-by-vansh: Bro please add hindi audio.
  19. @AaashishKaushik: which tool you use for video editing ?
  20. @antoniaosborne4972: Can you do a video on visual hooks and ideas?

- Can You REALLY Hook Viewers in 3 Seconds with This ONE Trick?: Kind: captions Language: en Let me ask you something honestly. Why do some videos get millions of views while others disappear online with almost zero attention even when they are posted on the same platform and sometimes even talk about very similar topics. Most creators immediately blame the algorithm, posting time or editing quality. Some even think they need expensive cameras or advanced software. But in reality, most of the time, the real difference comes down to what happens in the first few seconds of the video. Today, people don't decide if your video is good. They decide if it is worth watching almost instantly. When people scroll on their phones, they are not analyzing content logically. They are reacting emotionally. Something either feels important, surprising, useful, or personally relevant. Or they simply keep scrolling without thinking twice. Attention has become the most valuable currency on the internet and creators who understand how to capture attention early have a huge advantage. It is not always the biggest creators who win attention. It is not always the oldest channels or the most expensive production quality. The creators who win consistently are the ones who understand how to win the first few seconds. In this video, I will show you six hook styles that are dominating YouTube and short form video right now using real psychology and real behavior patterns. And at the end, I will give you a simple hook formula you can use in any niche, business, or audience starting today. The average viewer today scrolls faster than ever before. Not because attention spans are disappearing, but because content supply has exploded across every major platform. Every minute, thousands of new videos are uploaded competing for the same limited attention. That means every video now has to earn attention instead of expecting it. Your hook is essentially your audition moment. If you lose attention in the first few seconds, the algorithm does not get enough engagement data to push your video further. But if you hold attention early, distribution can increase automatically without needing extra promotion or ads. Hooks are not clickbait when done correctly. A good hook is simply a combination of clarity, curiosity, and emotional relevance. A strong hook answers one important question instantly in the viewer's mind, which is why should I watch this video right now instead of scrolling to the next one? If you can answer that clearly in the opening seconds, you already outperform a large percentage of creators online. People do not hate marketing itself. People hate content that feels irrelevant or waste their time. If your hook matches their problem, they stay. If your hook matches their goal or desire, they stay. If your hook creates curiosity about an outcome, they stay and want to learn more. Watch time has become the real growth engine for content distribution. Platforms reward videos that keep viewers engaged longer, not videos that simply exist online. As we move deeper into 2026, competition for attention will increase even more because artificial intelligence is making content production easier for everyone. This means standing out in the first few seconds will become more important than ever before. Creators who master hooks grow faster, while creators who ignore hooks struggle to gain traction, even if their content quality is technically strong. Quality alone is no longer enough. Attention comes first, value comes second, and trust comes third. That is the new order of content growth. The first powerful hook style is called the problem interrupt hook. This type of hook works because it challenges a belief or exposes a mistake the viewer might already be making without realizing it. When people feel like they might be doing something wrong, their brain immediately shifts into attention mode because humans are naturally wired to avoid mistakes and protect their current progress. For example, instead of starting a video by explaining a topic, you might say something like, "Most businesses are posting content incorrectly and losing potential customers every single day." Or you might say, "You are leaving money on the table with your current marketing strategy, and you probably do not even realize it yet." Statements like these create immediate curiosity because the brain automatically asks a survival-based question which is wait am I making this mistake too? That question alone can create strong watch time and watch time creates distribution because platforms trust content that holds attention longer. Problem interrupt hooks work best when they feel personal instead of generic. Generic statements feel like advertising. Personal statements feel like a real conversation and conversations build trust much faster than traditional marketing language. When viewers feel like you are speaking directly to their situation, they stay longer and listen more carefully to what you say next. That is why strong problem hooks usually sound simple and direct instead of complicated and technical. Many creators try to sound smart, but successful creators focus on sounding clear and relatable. Viewers reward clarity with attention, and attention creates growth opportunities. Problem hooks work especially well in business, marketing, education, and transformation content because these audiences are already searching for improvement. When you clearly name a problem they already feel internally, they naturally want to stay and hear the solution. Future-based hooks work because humans are naturally wired to focus on what happens next and how future outcomes might affect their personal success, financial stability, and long-term opportunities. Most people constantly think about their future career growth, business stability, income potential, and relevance in a fast-changing market. They think about whether they will still be competitive, whether their skills will still be valuable, and whether they are moving fast enough to keep up with change. Because of this natural behavior pattern, content that promises future advantage instantly becomes more interesting and attentiongrabbing for the brain. When people believe they are learning something early, they automatically pay more attention because early information feels like power and advantage. For example, over the next few years, smaller creators will begin outperforming many larger brands online. This will not happen because they have bigger budgets, larger teams, or more expensive production equipment. It will happen because smaller creators move faster, adapt faster, and connect with audiences in a more personal and authentic way. Large brands often move slower because of corporate approval layers, risk management decisions, and complex internal processes, while smaller creators can experiment and adjust quickly based on audience feedback and real-time analytics. People are naturally drawn to future advantage thinking because nobody wants to feel late to opportunity and nobody wants to feel left behind in fastch changing industries. Future hooks create two powerful emotions at the same time. Hope and fear. Hope that they can succeed early and fear that they might miss an important opportunity. That emotional combination increases retention and watch time significantly because viewers feel urgency to keep listening and learning. Future-based hooks position you as someone who understands trends early and audiences naturally follow creators who help them stay ahead and stay prepared for what is coming next. Story-based hooks work because humans naturally remember information better when it is connected to emotional experiences instead of raw data or technical explanations. From childhood, people learn behavior patterns, values, and decision-m through storytelling. Because of this, stories create emotional connection much faster than facts alone. When viewers hear a story that feels realistic or relatable, they place themselves inside the situation mentally, which increases emotional investment and watch time significantly because the brain processes stories as real experiences. Imagine a small business owner starting with zero online audience, no followers, no brand recognition, and no marketing experience. At first, their content gets almost no views and very little engagement. They question whether content creation is worth the effort and whether they should even continue trying. Instead of quitting, they start studying audience behavior, improving their hooks, and focusing on delivering consistent value through helpful and educational content. Slowly, engagement increases, opportunities begin appearing, partnerships start forming. Eventually, revenue grows and confidence increases because they stayed consistent and kept improving. Stories work because viewers see themselves in the early struggle stage. Stories remove resistance because they feel human instead of promotional or salesfocused. When people emotionally connect to a story, they remember the lesson longer, trust the creator faster, and stay watching longer. Story hooks build connection and community around your brand because people feel like they are learning from someone who understands their journey and challenges. Data-driven hooks build authority quickly because numbers signal credibility to the human brain. When viewers hear statistics, measurable patterns, or performance data, their brain switches into logical evaluation mode automatically. However, strong data hooks do not overwhelm viewers with too many numbers at once. The most effective approach is using one strong statistic connected to real world meaning. For example, most viewers decide whether to continue watching a video within the first 3 seconds. That single insight explains why strong openings matter so much in content creation. Data works best when it connects directly to real outcomes. Instead of saying engagement matters, explain how engagement affects growth, revenue, brand trust, or customer loyalty. When viewers understand real world impact, data becomes emotionally meaningful instead of justformational. Data hooks work especially well in business, marketing, finance, and education content where audiences expect logical proof before emotional trust. When done correctly, data hooks make you appear more credible, more professional, and more trustworthy. Secret style hooks work because people are naturally curious. Everyone wants to learn something before other people know it. When viewers feel like they are learning insider information, they pay more attention and listen more carefully. People like to feel smart and prepared and secret style hooks give that feeling when used correctly. But the secret must be real and useful. If you promise something special but do not give real value, people lose trust quickly and may not come back to your content again. Think about how people react when they hear words like most people do not know this or almost nobody talks about this. The brain becomes alert. People feel like they are about to learn something important. That feeling keeps people watching longer. But secret hooks should never be fake or misleading. If viewers feel tricked, they stop trusting the creator. Trust is very hard to rebuild once it is lost. For example, instead of saying, "Here is how to grow online," you can say, "Here is the mistake most creators make that stops their growth." This makes viewers think about themselves. They start asking, "Am I making this mistake, too?" That question creates emotional attention and keeps viewers watching. Emotional attention is stronger than normal attention because people connect it to their personal situation. Secret hooks work best when you talk about hidden mistakes, missed chances, or simple changes that create big results. Sometimes small changes in content style, hook wording, or posting timing can create large differences in performance. When viewers feel like they are learning something early, they remember you longer. And when people remember you, they return to your content again and again over time. This builds strong audience trust and long-term growth. Pattern break hooks work because they interrupt automatic scrolling behavior. When people scroll social media, their brain expects content to look and sound similar. Same camera framing, same speaking style, same editing speed. When something different appears, the brain pauses for a moment to understand what changed. That short pause creates your chance to capture attention and hold the viewer longer. This is why pattern breaks are used by many top creators across YouTube, Instagram, and Tik Tok. Pattern breaks do not need to be extreme or dramatic. Small changes can work very well. A sudden question, a different background, a voice tone shift, a fast visual cut. Even one second of silence can reset viewer attention. The goal is not to confuse viewers. The goal is to make them notice something is different but still easy to understand. When content is different but clear, viewers stay longer and watch more of the video. Many successful creators use pattern breaks without viewers even noticing. For example, changing background color halfway through a video, changing camera zoom slowly during important points, switching between close and wide shots, adding text emphasis suddenly when saying something important. These small changes keep the brain active and engaged without feeling overwhelming or distracting. Pattern breaks work because the brain is designed to notice change. When something unexpected happens, attention naturally increases. This gives your message a stronger chance to be remembered. The best pattern breaks feel natural, smooth, and connected to the message. They should support the content, not distract from it. When done correctly, pattern breaks can increase watch time, improve audience retention, and help your content perform better across different platforms and audiences. Most hooks fail because creators start explaining instead of capturing attention first. Many videos start with long introductions, logos, or background stories. But viewers usually do not care about introductions at the beginning. They care about value. They want to know why this video matters to them. If viewers do not understand the value quickly, they leave. And when viewers leave early, platforms reduce how much they push the video to new people. Another reason hooks fail is because creators try to sound smart instead of sounding clear. Many creators believe using complex words or complicated explanations makes them look more professional. But most viewers prefer simple, clear communication. When content is easy to understand, viewers stay longer and trust faster. Clear messaging almost always performs better than complicated messaging in digital content. Hooks also fail when creators speak too generally. When you talk to everyone, you connect with no one. Strong hooks speak directly to one clear problem, goal, or pain point. When viewers feel like you are talking directly to them, they stay longer. Personal connection increases watch time and watch time increases content growth. Another common mistake is talking too slowly before delivering value. Many creators build long context before giving useful information, but modern viewers expect quick value. If they feel like value is coming later, many leave early. Good hooks give value immediately and then build deeper explanation later. Strong hooks are simple, direct, and focused on the viewer's benefit. The best hooks answer one simple question very fast. Why should I care about this right now? If your hook answers that question clearly, your video already has a higher chance to succeed. Instead of guessing hooks every time, you can build a simple hook system. This makes content creation faster, easier, and more predictable. A hook system means you follow a repeatable structure instead of trying to invent something new for every video. Many successful creators do this quietly. They build internal content patterns that they reuse again and again because they know those patterns already work with their audience. Step one is choosing one hook type for your content. This could be problem based, futurebased, storybased, secretbased, pattern break based, or databased. Each hook type works differently, but all of them are designed to capture attention quickly. When you choose one hook style and test it many times, you learn how your audience reacts to it and which version performs best. Step two is matching the hook to your topic. Not every hook style works for every topic. For example, story hooks work well for personal growth or business journey content. Data hooks work well for marketing, finance, and strategy content. Pattern break hooks work well for fast social media content where competition for attention is very high and viewers are scrolling quickly. Step three is testing and improving. You do not need to be perfect on the first try. Even large creators test many versions before finding the best one. Testing is normal. Improvement is normal. Over time, you will see patterns in what works best for your audience and what does not. When you build a hook system, content creation becomes less stressful. You stop guessing and start using proven methods. And when you use proven methods, your content growth becomes more stable, more predictable, and easier to scale over time. Let's look at simple, real examples that show how small hook changes can create big results. Many creators think they need completely new ideas to grow. But often growth comes from saying the same idea in a better way that connects faster with the viewer. When you change how you start your message, you change how people react to it. That first sentence is often the difference between someone scrolling away or staying to watch the full video. For example, instead of saying, "Today we will talk about marketing strategy," you can say, "If your marketing is not bringing results, this could be why." The second version speaks directly to a problem the viewer may already have. When viewers feel like you understand their struggle, they trust you faster and stay longer. Trust and attention together are what help content grow faster on most platforms. Another example is branding. Instead of saying today we will explain branding, you can say if people forget your brand in one day, this is probably the reason. This creates emotional connection. The viewer thinks about their own business or content immediately. When people think about themselves while watching your content, they become more engaged. You can also improve hooks by making them more specific. Instead of saying grow faster online, you can say how small creators can grow faster than big brands in today's social media world. Specific hooks feel more real and more useful. Viewers trust specific information more than general advice. Small wording changes can create large performance differences. Most viewers decide in seconds if they will continue watching. When your hook feels personal, clear, and useful, your chance of holding attention increases a lot. And when you hold attention longer, platforms show your content to more people. Over time, this creates steady audience growth and stronger brand trust. In 2026 and beyond, strong hooks follow a simple order. Attention first, value second, trust third. If you remember this order, your content will improve faster and become easier to scale over time. Many creators focus only on content quality or editing quality, but attention is always the first step. If nobody stops to watch, the rest of the content never gets a chance to help the viewer. The first step is attention. This means you must give viewers a reason to stop scrolling in the first few seconds. This can be done by showing a problem they already have. a future result they want, a mistake they might be making or a simple fact that makes them curious. Attention is not about shouting or being dramatic. Attention is about relevance. When viewers feel the message is about them, they naturally stop and listen. The second step is value. Once you capture attention, you must give real help quickly. This could be a tip, an idea, a simple explanation, or a clear example. Viewers stay when they feel they are learning something useful. If you delay value too long, viewers may leave before they understand why the video matters. Fast value builds viewer confidence and makes them want to keep watching. The third step is trust. Trust is built when you stay consistent, honest, and helpful over time. One good video can capture attention. Many good videos build trust. Trust is what turns viewers into followers and followers into long-term audience members. When viewers trust your content, they come back without needing strong hooks every time. When you follow this simple order, attention, value, trust, your content becomes easier to plan and easier to improve. Instead of guessing what works, you focus on helping viewers clearly and quickly. This is why many successful creators follow similar content structures without talking about it publicly. It creates stable growth and strong audience connection over time. One of the biggest mistakes creators make is thinking content quality alone will make videos grow. Many creators spend hours making perfect visuals, perfect editing, and perfect sound. But if the hook is weak, most viewers never stay long enough to see that quality. Attention always comes before quality. If people do not stop to watch, the quality never gets a chance to help them. Strong content only works when people stay long enough to experience it. Another common mistake is starting videos too slowly. Many creators feel they must explain everything before delivering value. But modern viewers expect quick value. If they feel value is coming later, many leave early. Strong hooks deliver value, curiosity, or problem awareness in the first few seconds. This gives viewers a reason to stay and listen to the full message. Another mistake is trying to sound too professional or too technical. Some creators use complicated words and long sentences thinking it makes them look more expert. But most viewers prefer simple, clear communication. When trust faster and stay longer. Simple communication does not mean low quality. It means clear teaching and strong connection. The last big mistake is copying other creators exactly. Learning from others is smart. Copying exactly is risky. Every audience is different. Every niche reacts differently. The best creators study patterns, then adjust them to match their own voice, audience, and content style. When you adapt instead of copy, your content feels more natural and more original. Avoiding these mistakes can improve content performance faster than learning advanced marketing tricks. Often fixing simple hook mistakes creates bigger results than improving editing, equipment, or video effects. Small improvements in attention can create big growth over time. The future of content is becoming more competitive every year. More creators are joining social media platforms. More brands are investing in video content. More AI tools are helping people create content faster than ever before. This means attention will become harder to earn. But it also means opportunity is growing for creators who understand how audience behavior works and how people decide what content to watch and trust. In the future, viewers will follow creators who help them understand fastchanging trends. People do not just want information. They want clarity. They want someone who can explain complex ideas in simple ways. Creators who can simplify information will grow faster because they reduce confusion and save time for viewers. When you help people understand something quickly, they value your content more and are more likely to come back for future videos. Trust will become more important than ever. Viewers will follow creators who feel honest, clear, and consistent. Posting regularly will matter more. Clear communication will matter more. And emotional connection will matter more. Technology will continue to change. But human psychology will stay very similar. People will always follow creators who help them feel confident, prepared, and informed in fast changing environments. The creators who win in the future will not always be the creators with the best cameras or biggest teams. The creators who win will be the ones who understand attention, emotion, and trust deeply. When you combine simple communication, strong hooks, and real value, you create content that can grow for many years, build strong audience relationships, and create long-term brand trust. If this video helped you understand hooks and attention better, follow this channel for more marketing and branding tips. I focus on sharing simple and practical strategies that help creators, small business owners, and personal brands grow faster using smart content ideas and clear communication. My goal is to help you create content that people want to watch, trust, and remember so your brand can grow steadily over time. If you want advanced hook templates, readytouse content ideas, and simple script structures you can use in your own videos, comment hook below. I read comments and create future videos based on what viewers want to learn next. Your feedback helps me make better content that solves real problems for real creators and business owners who are trying to grow online. Also, if you have topics you want me to explain in simple and practical ways, write them in the comments. I check viewer suggestions when planning future videos. This helps me create content that is useful, practical, and based on what real creators are struggling with today. Thank you for spending your time watching this video. I truly appreciate your support. I hope this video helps you create stronger content, reach more people, and grow your brand faster using smart and simple marketing ideas. I will see you in the next video.

- Why Mr. Beast Videos Keep Viewers Engaged: Kind: captions Language: en people are so used to tick-tock and swiping and like getting something new every single time you need to like capture the viewer's attention and i don't know what else like you know like do you think that mr beastie will ever have his big break he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doing it insane he's gonna he's gonna hit 100 mil he's going to keep going he's always talks about how he never wants to stop youtube he wants to do it for the rest of his life he's going to be the biggest youtuber in the world not a t-series has something to say about that but listen i don't really count them what do you have what do you have to tell the indians that he can win what yeah yeah what are the indians what do you have to tell the indians so that mr beast can win um when you make a youtube channel unsubscribe from tv series because they subscribe youtube so if you don't like their content just unsub and then sub to mr beast instead that is unfair well mr beast is doing as well he's going [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] global like he's already on his way to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh being the biggest he's making a spanish channel he has he has like cheers crazy when he speaks so many languages i know i don't know how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he does it the savants bro it's actually crazy though like uh he was saying he's high like uh i don't know what language is but he hires like the biggest actors yeah in those languages to voice over his videos so like they're the best quality and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's insane wow that's so cool like a spanish channel gets millions of views and now he's bringing in audiences so he said he would have never got he's not just subtitling it he's dubbing all the voices they have a voice for chandler chris every single person in the video has their own voice actor it's fully dubbed so he's getting these audiences oh i think so he's the first person to do this many different languages he's getting audiences from so many different countries that yeah nobody there's like a crocodile following it's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anime kids bro yeah i went to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] india and i and the dudes were like you watched mr beast i was like yeah they're like do you watch it dubbed or sub i was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i don't know what to answer i know it's crazy it's insane he's reaching this whole new demographic that nobody has ever got to and he's the first person to get to this type of level so so i have a i have a question about as as like as far as format goes because you know you say you say you know certified banger ctr retention this and that yeah like with the fact that you heavily ccr being called through rate chat yeah so anyone who sees it yeah you you you follow these analytics to a t to the point where it creates a format for your videos and i just clicked on your 50 bodyguards video and i will say the the thing i noticed is that the way that you introduce the video the way the video moves as far as like the visuals and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's very mr beast like but you know who else does that like fidelius does that eric does that and there's some of the most successful people coming up right now so i think it's interesting that that format is kind of a um a universal format for like the bigger creators where like you guys all have like a really dope idea a really good thumbnail and a very very similar format for the videos but it makes me wonder if eventually youtube is going to realize that this is the format and if they're going to encourage it or not i mean i i'm sure they're just going to encourage whatever makes them money it'll change eventually it always does that's how you do it it does algorithm does change a lot like right now um you were with us there was yeah that was avid summit i want to mention that before hayden hillier smith mentioned it he's logan paul's editor and he said he thinks next is the storytelling era of youtube yeah yeah 100 um that that's what uh it's funny you say that too because he was mentioning that and my first video that blew up and brought my channel back was an 18 minute video but it was all like story like i told story throughout the video the whole video and then that's like the main part that berserk and i try to work on with videos we don't try to go for like crazy crazy editing we've been focusing on structure and story and like what makes sense to keep the viewers sucked in and then like if the structure makes sense because if the video makes sense and it's easy enough for a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] five-year-old to watch and view and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know everybody it's just we try to keep it like easy to watch easy to tag along easy to understand we go through like when i finish a video berserk will go through it and he'll say like that part doesn't make sense or we don't need that part in the video we can cut that out and we just try to make every single video make sense and if it makes sense it'll get good retention that's why your mind that's why you're my favorite youtuber you're my fake you're my favorite streamer you're my favorite youtuber i watch you all all day every day i watch you get on bikes from people in la and then almost fall off do you remember that in your irl stream you're at like the christmas place it was crazy it was funny i was i i didn't want you to fall off it would have been oh my god i felt like i was going to die i know you were screaming on there somebody shut this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] baby up that's what we bought but that's like so important right it's just like the story and the structure of the video like does it make sense

  Top Comments:
  1. @deadskull2365: love that you made this channel
  2. @yousufkhan3911: They do make us subscribe to tseries ngl

- how to keep viewers engaged 😱#motivation #mrbeast #shorts #podcast: Kind: captions Language: en what's interesting is the longer people watch something the more likely they are to keep watching so you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front like even right now we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just going to keep listening relatively close to the endal we just have a really boring part of this conversation cuz they're just they're just in it they're they're immersed um and so a big like to really boil it down to a simple level you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold there

- MrBeast Content Strategy: How He Keeps: Kind: captions Language: en A 13-year-old kid uploads his first YouTube video. It gets 37 views. Fast forward to today, and that same person is creating videos that cost over $3 million. Videos that get a 100 million views in days. But here's what's truly remarkable. After thousands of videos over more than a decade, Mr. Beast's content still feels fresh, still feels exciting, still feels like nothing you've ever seen before. How is that possible? That's exactly what we're breaking down today. I'm going to show you the exact strategies Mr. Beast uses to keep his content engaging even after all these years. And by the end, you'll understand how you can apply these same principles to your own channel. Let's dive in. So, what keeps Mr. Beast's content fresh? It comes down to three core elements. Element one, escalating stakes. Mr. Beast understands that we're drawn to extremes. His last to leave series is the perfect example. People don't just stand in a circle for an hour. They do it for 36 hours straight. They can't sleep properly. They can't sit comfortably. You watch real people push themselves to absolute limits for life-changing money. But here's the genius. Mr. Beast constantly raises the stakes. He started with challenges worth a few thousand dollars, then tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands. Now prizes reach millions. This escalation means each video feels bigger than the last. Viewers think, "If that video was crazy, what's he going to do next?" Element two, viral formats that work. Mr. Beast has created video formats that are almost guaranteed to go viral. Take I gave away a million dollars. This format works because it hits multiple psychological triggers at once. First, there's shock value. Your brain needs proof it actually happened. Second, emotional payoff. When he gives money to someone who needs it, a struggling waitress, a homeless person, you feel their joy and relief. Third, aspiration. Viewers think, "Maybe I could be in one of these videos someday." Another format is extreme versions of normal things. Instead of ordering food, he orders everything on the menu. Instead of buying a lottery ticket, he buys every combination. This answers questions people wonder about but never have resources to explore. Element three, emotional engagement. When you watch Mr. Beast, you're not just watching challenges. You're experiencing an emotional journey. You feel anticipation at the start, tension during the challenge, surprise when something unexpected happens, joy when someone wins, and inspiration from the sheer scale of what he attempt. This emotional engagement is why people watch multiple times, share with friends, and why his content never feels stale. Here's what most people miss. Mr. Beast is an incredible storyteller. Every video follows a three-act structure, just like a movie. Act one, the setup. The first minute establishes the stakes, introduces the contestants with quick backstories, and previews exciting moments coming later. Last person to leave wins $500,000. Then you meet a single mother, a college graduate with debt, someone who's never won anything. In 15 seconds, you care about them. Act two, the journey. The middle section uses what I call escalating obstacles. In I survived 50 hours in maximum security prison. The first hours were uncomfortable but manageable. But as time passed, isolation became harder. Boredom became unbearable. Mental strain became real. Each segment is more intense than the last, keeping you engaged. But Mr. Beast also includes relief moments, humor, light-hearted surprises. This prevents viewer fatigue. Act three, the resolution. The final act includes the winner announcement, prize giveaway, and genuine reactions, but Mr. Beast always includes a twist. Maybe the winner gets more than expected. Maybe everyone gets a prize. Maybe there's a bonus challenge. These twists make endings memorable and give viewers something unexpected to share. The power of surprise. Surprise works because it breaks patterns. When your brain expects one thing and something else happens, it pays attention. Mr. Beast uses surprise through unexpected rule changes, bonus prizes nobody knew about, and participant moments that change the emotional tone. These surprises keep every video unpredictable, even with familiar formats. Strategic collaboration. Mr. Beast collaborates with top creators like PewDiePie and Mark Robber, introducing his content to new audiences. But he also features his team, Chris, Chandler, Carl. Their recurring characters viewers know and love, adding consistency and humor. This mix of familiar faces and new guests keeps content dynamic. Fan engagement. Mr. Beast treats his audience as participants, not just viewers. He reads comments, creates videos based on suggestions, offers giveaways where fans can enter. This transforms passive viewers into active community members personally invested in his success. Algorithm understanding. Mr. Beast's thumbnails and titles create curiosity for high click-through rates. His pacing keeps viewers watching until the end. His content naturally generates comments and shares. But he doesn't just optimize for the algorithm. He creates content people genuinely want to watch, which naturally satisfies algorithmic requirements. Constant innovation. While Mr. Beast is consistent in upload schedule and quality, he's constantly innovating creatively. He's gone from quirky low-budget challenges to money giveaways to massive productions to philanthropy focused content to international expansion. Each phase brings something new while maintaining core elements of his success. Mr. Beast doesn't see limits and stop. He sees limits as starting points. What if we recreate all the Squid Game challenges, not just one? What if we give away a hundred cars, not just one? This boundary pushing keeps his content at YouTube's forefront. He's not following trends. He's what makes Mr. Beast's content strategy work. High stakes that keep escalating. Viral formats that tap into psychology. Emotional engagement that makes you feel something real. Clear storytelling with setup, journey, and resolution. Surprises that keep things unpredictable. Character development that makes you care. Strategic collaboration that expands reach. Fan engagement that builds community. and constant innovation balanced with consistent quality. Here's the empowering part. You can apply these principles, too. Three actionable tips. One, think bigger within your resources. You don't need millions to create high stakes. Ask yourself, what's the most extreme version of this idea I can execute? Two, structure your videos like stories. Clear beginning, building tension, satisfying resolution. Add unexpected elements to keep viewers engaged. Three, engage with your community. Read comments. Create based on feedback. Make your audience feel like participants, not just viewers. You don't need Mr. Beast's budget to use his strategies. You need strategic thinking, understanding of your audience, and willingness to innovate. Before you go, what's your favorite Mr. Beast challenge of all time? And what strategy from this breakdown will you apply to your own content? Drop your answers in the comments. I read every single one. If this video helped you understand Mr. Beast strategy, hit that like button and subscribe. We're breaking down the world's biggest creators every week, giving you insights to grow your channel. Thanks for watching. Now go create something amazing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeastInsights-u8h: What's YOUR favorite MrBeast video of all time, and what makes it so memorable? Drop it below! 👇

Also, which of these strategies are you going to try on your own channel? Let's discuss! 💪

🔔 Turn on notifications so you don't miss our next breakdown - we're analyzing [Next Creator Name] next week!

📌 Timestamps for easy navigation:
0:00 - Intro
0:45 - Freshness Factor
3:15 - Storytelling Secrets
6:00 - Collaboration & Innovation
8:00 - Your Action Steps

Like this breakdown? Hit that thumbs up! 👍

- Do Mid-Roll Ads Hurt Viewer Retention? #AskSean: Kind: captions Language: en so does adding mid roll ads to your YouTube videos affect viewer retention this is a good question because on the oneand how how do you know if it does or not I certainly know you tell me I mean comment on this post if you get hit with a mid roll ad do you jump off the video I think it's going to depend on how much does the viewer want to watch the video how into the video are they and a lot of things in YouTube and life and Leadership and business are tensions to be managed not problems to be solved because listen you got to pay the bills and so if you're running a media company a YouTube channel long form videos with multiple ad spots can be very lucrative but if you're also thinking about impact and reaching people there's times to not over promote and lose audience trust or just berate people with too many ads and so there's really not a black and white answer here I know for us if we have a high value piece of content there's certain videos we have long form videos that are almost like a free online course you know does an ad in the midst of a Hulu show affect viewer retention not if you're sucked into the show I don't know if you saw Fargo season 5 we would when it stop cuz there was an ad and we were getting hit with ads on Hulu I don't know if you've seen bear season 2 but I wasn't leaving the episodes when I got hit with an ad because I was sucked into the story because I was committed to the series CU I wanted to see the content I think if the content's kind of mediocre people are already on the edge of bailing on the video then that ad might remind them to jump off but if they're committed to finishing the video and so for some of our long form YouTube videos that are almost like a deep dive education free course I mean we have 2our videos that probably have 10 15 ad spots we don't see people complaining but that's one of the ways you're monetizing high value content that's free on YouTube so it's really not a problem to be solved it's a tension to be managed always pay attention to what your audience is saying the feedback they're giving you and uh adapt and pivot when you get insights if you like this clip and are ready to take your YouTube channel to another level go to think masterclass.com where you can get access to a 1-hour YouTube strategy class where I break down the exact system that we use at think media to generate hundreds of thousands of views per day just go to think masterclass.com or click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: What are your thoughts on mid-roll ads? Let us know below ⬇
⭐Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2024 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @lauriemccrackenalsted9778 [3 likes]: I do NOT leave a video of a mid-roll ad plays. I just select “skip ad”.
  3. @HellaBella [1 likes]: I have YouTube premium so I really don’t remember what it’s like to have to watch ads on YouTube. I know most viewers have been conditioned to tolerate ads and those of us who hate them will just buy our way out of seeing them. I debated turning on midrolls for all my content, but I think I’m just going to test it on my top 20-30 performing videos that are information based. Videos where the viewer NEEDS the content are less likely to lose someone because of ads. Especially tutorial style vids or info you can’t find easily. But is there a way to check your analytics later to learn how much of your revenue is coming from midrolls? I don’t think so but was wondering if you guys knew a work around.
  4. @SprocketGames [1 likes]: I'm afraid to try it because I don't want to irritate my viewers. As a small channel, I need every advantage I can get to help me grow.
  5. @LiangHuBBB [1 likes]: where is the midroll setting and does youtube only place mid rolls in 8+ min vids?
  6. @macktravels68: Great take on things!
  7. @donjohnswaggert: If I'm watching a 10-15 minute video and I get a mid-roll ad or two a single ad that I can skip then it's all right mineral ads that give you two commercial And you may or may not be able to skip during the first commercial so you have to watch one five or ten second commercial and then watch the other one to get to a skip Normally😅 I stopped watching that video
  8. @jgrawn: I detest midroll ads. Especially if it's a site for relaxation and ambiance. Put the ads in the introduction, not during enjoyment. That will make a sub leave quickly and not return.
  9. @TheCman5015PLPro: Ads in any form whatsoever are reason enough to click away from anyone's channel. Adblock all the way. I went through enough ads watching tv shows growing up. I have more than earned my peace. You mentioned that advertising is not a problem needing to be fixed because you got to pay the bills. Understandable. I'll let others pay your bills. There will always be some willing soul with money. Anyways, Adblock is a godsend, one that I am entitled to by this point in my life. If I could will it, I'd wish for ads to disappear in their entirety, at least for me anyway. After all, you got to make money sonehow right? Who cares if its at the expense of others, right?
  10. @KingdomThoughtz: I've been getting so many complaints about mid roll ads. Youtube autoplaces the ads but I'm gonna have to review their placements.
  11. @luke_elliot: How are we supposed to trust the opinion of a grown man following the trends of children on TikTok and holding that mic in his hands? Smh 💀
  12. @TaylaJ23: I despise ads. I have YT premium.
  13. @StaciLeaBeauty: Great question!
  14. @migrantworkersrefugees: Thank you Sean:)❤
  15. @davescorneroftheworld1147: If I saw 10 to 15 ads in one video I would PROBABLY UNSUBSCRIBE but if I only found one or maybe two it is SOOOOOO simple... press the "L" ley that will skip 10 seconds in the future.
If anybody wants to run 10 to 15 ads then make a course and have people buy it don't make us watch it. Like I said I would not. 
How do you know people will watch 10 to 15 ads. If they get fed up with that stuff they will just click off and VEVER come back. 
GOOD LUCK!
  16. @serenityjewel: There are YouTube channels with ads every 3 to 5 minutes or they have ads plus they stop to do infomercials, on top of the ads. It’s too much. A lot of channels that have 50-400,000 subscribers are getting less views and blaming YouTube when really people are watching more on their phones and tablets, can’t install ad blockers, and no longer have the tolerance for constant ads and infomercials. YouTube is not TV. People can only watch a specific tv show on one channel. There are tons of YouTubers doing the same thing and providing the same info. No one has to tolerate a bad user experience. People come to YouTube for information or entertainment, not frustration.
  17. @AIKnowledge2Go: As a Creator: I've seen a video gain a second wind after removing a misplaced mid-roll ad. Check your statistics! If the average view duration is around where you placed your first mid-roll ad, delete it and observe the impact on your average view duration over the next few days.
As a Viewer: I don't leave a video for a single mid-roll ad, but I do when there are too many in a short time. If a video is 10 minutes long and there's a mid-roll ad every 2 minutes, I'm out.
  18. @LeftSeatAdventures: As a viewer, I personally despise mid roll ads. I don't pay for streaming services with ads. SO, to be real and authentic to my viewers, I absolutely refuse to place mid roll ads in my content. Why would I expect them to sit through something I don't like?
  19. @NekonataVirino: I have to REALLY want that specific film to put up with mid roll ads. One is acceptable, or in a very long film maybe one every 20 minutes- but when there are more than that I HATE it and while I might (might but not certain) stay for the one video i definitely don’t subscribe to the channel / watch more content if that is the pattern they are deliberately following. Yes p you gotta pay the bills so i don’t use ad blockers or even skip short ads but my time is valuable too.
  20. @Iammattjupp: Great information as always

- Why People Don’t Watch Your Videos (It’s Not the Algorithm): Kind: captions Language: en You don't need better thumbnails. You don't need&nbsp; better hooks. You need people to fall in love with&nbsp;&nbsp; your videos. Because right now, most creators&nbsp; are like bad first dates. They talk too much.&nbsp;&nbsp; They spend all their time showing off. And then&nbsp; they wonder why nobody calls them back. It's not&nbsp;&nbsp; the algorithm. It's not luck. It's that nobody&nbsp; taught you how attention actually works. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; about a year ago, I walked away from my main&nbsp; YouTube channel. It has over 300,000 subscribers,&nbsp;&nbsp; 21 million views, a few hundred videos, and it&nbsp; was one of the top music marketing and business&nbsp;&nbsp; uh channels on the platform. I found myself about&nbsp; 6 months away from turning 40. My wife and I had&nbsp;&nbsp; just found out that we were expecting our second&nbsp; child, but I was done with anything uh related&nbsp;&nbsp; to the music industry. I was completely burnt out&nbsp; and just lost the passion for it. But after a few&nbsp;&nbsp; months of taking off of shooting YouTube videos, I&nbsp; felt like something was wrong. Not the retirement&nbsp;&nbsp; that was that was right and I wasn't going to jump&nbsp; back into that channel. But I hated the silence. I&nbsp;&nbsp; hated not creating. Then I had a thought. What&nbsp; if I started over from zero? no announcement,&nbsp;&nbsp; no crossover from my other channel or my socials&nbsp; or an email list or anything. And to prove what&nbsp;&nbsp; I learned over those years, the failures, the&nbsp; wins, and teach people that it was repeatable.&nbsp;&nbsp; 6 months after my last video as a successful&nbsp; creator, I launched this channel, the one you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching right now. Now, with only 20 videos on&nbsp; this channel, I currently have 200,000 views,&nbsp;&nbsp; over 8,000 subscribers. Some of you guys, thank&nbsp; you. But it was built in silence. And I share&nbsp;&nbsp; that with you because all of these results,&nbsp; all the growth, comes down to one pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; that I discovered while obsessing over why some&nbsp; videos explode while others die, even with the&nbsp;&nbsp; same audience. I call it the binge method. And&nbsp; I'm about to show you exactly how it works. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the first thing. Your viewer's brain has&nbsp; a timer that you don't know about. Every 60 to&nbsp;&nbsp; 90 seconds, your viewer's brain asks one simple&nbsp; question. Should I keep watching? Not because of&nbsp;&nbsp; some biological limit or bro science. Because they&nbsp; have options. And you know that we have infinite&nbsp;&nbsp; other videos that are one click, one swipe away.&nbsp; Their phone is buzzing. Their brain is constantly&nbsp;&nbsp; evaluating. Is this still worth my attention?&nbsp; So, I want you to look at your analytics. You&nbsp;&nbsp; see those weird drops like every 30 seconds to&nbsp; a minute. It's not random. Those are decision&nbsp;&nbsp; points. Most creators fight this by talking&nbsp; faster, editing harder, adding more value.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that's the wrong approach. You don't fight&nbsp; short attention spans. You can only reset them.&nbsp;&nbsp; See, every 60 to 90 seconds, you need to give&nbsp; your viewers a reason to recommit. A new angle,&nbsp;&nbsp; a new energy, maybe a new curiosity gap. It's like&nbsp; resetting their mental timer before it runs out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, once you see what I'm about to show you,&nbsp; you're never going to edit the same way again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay? So, successful channels are not any smarter&nbsp; than you. They just understand patterns. Watch any&nbsp;&nbsp; viral video right now with the sound off. Every&nbsp; 30 to 45 seconds, something is going to change.&nbsp;&nbsp; The location, the energy, the stakes. Now watch&nbsp; a completely different channel that is successful&nbsp;&nbsp; in a different niche even same exact pattern.&nbsp; I'm talking about educational content, vlogs,&nbsp;&nbsp; reactions, storytelling, doesn't matter. The ones&nbsp; that blow up, they all follow the same rhythm. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I call that my binge method. Five parts that work&nbsp; together to keep people watching. So let me break&nbsp;&nbsp; this down real quick. B stands for banger hook.&nbsp; A great opener. You got to stop them cold. I&nbsp;&nbsp; stands for intrigue. Make them need answers. The N&nbsp; stands for nudge forward, never letting them rest.&nbsp;&nbsp; G is for generating connection or engagement.&nbsp; You got to make them feel seen. Make them feel&nbsp;&nbsp; a part of something. And E is ending in momentum.&nbsp; Leave them hungry. This works for a tutorial, a&nbsp;&nbsp; storytime vlog, a reaction video, or just somebody&nbsp; talking to a camera. It's not about what you make,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's about how you structure the experience. Now,&nbsp; it's important to understand that you're actually&nbsp;&nbsp; running two patterns at the same time. And if&nbsp; you miss either one of those, it's going to kill&nbsp;&nbsp; your channel. And that's where this gets kind of&nbsp; weird. Your video needs two structures happening&nbsp;&nbsp; simultaneously. Think of it like a song. There's&nbsp; the overall structure, right? Like the intro,&nbsp;&nbsp; the verse, the chorus, the bridge, the outro, and&nbsp; inside of each verse, there's a smaller pattern.&nbsp;&nbsp; Setup, buildup, and payoff. Your video works the&nbsp; same way. Now, the binge method is the overall&nbsp;&nbsp; structure, but every 60 to 90 seconds, you need&nbsp; a mini version happening inside each of these&nbsp;&nbsp; segments. Each segment needs the following: a mini&nbsp; hook. Wake them up again within the video. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; to a clear point, give them value. And then from&nbsp; there, a nudge forward. Make them need the next&nbsp;&nbsp; section. But wait, there's more. Isn't just an&nbsp; infomercial joke. It's human psychology. When you&nbsp;&nbsp; fully answer questions within your video without&nbsp; opening up a new one, you're giving your viewer&nbsp;&nbsp; permission to leave immediately. Now, what I need&nbsp; you guys to understand is a real hook creates&nbsp;&nbsp; what's called cognitive dissonance. It's when the&nbsp; brain becomes kind of uncomfortable until it gets&nbsp;&nbsp; answers. It's a curiosity spike. And we only get&nbsp; 3 seconds, not to impress the viewer, but to kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of confuse the viewer. Now, imagine if a video&nbsp; opened up with, "I deleted my best video. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; 4 million views gone." And my channel immediately&nbsp; grew faster. The brain doesn't make sense of that,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. Wait, that makes no sense. How does&nbsp; deleting a video help growth? And by the time&nbsp;&nbsp; they're thinking that, they're hooked. Not because&nbsp; you grab them with something crazy, but because&nbsp;&nbsp; their brain did what a brain does, and it created&nbsp; a curiosity spike, which grabbed itself. But look,&nbsp;&nbsp; hooking them means nothing if you do what 99% of&nbsp; creators do next. So, here's the biggest mistake.&nbsp;&nbsp; It happens right after the hook, and I see it&nbsp; all the time. Most creators hook someone and then&nbsp;&nbsp; immediately give them the answer. Why your videos&nbsp; die after 48 hours? It's the algorithm from one of&nbsp;&nbsp; my recent videos. Cool. Question answered. Video&nbsp; over. They're gone. Now, before someone screams&nbsp;&nbsp; manipulation, because I know it's about to happen.&nbsp; It's happened before. Let's get real for a second.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is it manipulation when a movie doesn't reveal&nbsp; the killer in the first scene? When a comedian&nbsp;&nbsp; might build up to a punchline? When a teacher&nbsp; explains concepts step by step instead of word&nbsp;&nbsp; vomiting everything at once? No. It's called&nbsp; understanding how to communicate with humans and&nbsp;&nbsp; how humans actually learn and process information.&nbsp; Instead of instant answers, create investment.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your videos die after 48 hours, but it's not&nbsp; the algorithm's fault. It's actually something&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're doing in the first 30 seconds and once&nbsp; you see it, you can't unsee it. Now, I wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; share this example to show you exactly how each&nbsp; line deepens their investment. They're not just&nbsp;&nbsp; curious anymore. They're committed to finding&nbsp; out and you're not withholding value. You're&nbsp;&nbsp; delivering it in a way that actually sticks. And&nbsp; that's what people need. Now, this works great&nbsp;&nbsp; until you hit the 90 secondond wall. All right.&nbsp; Now, this is important. So, come here. Your video&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to breathe or it will die. What do I mean&nbsp; by that? I used to edit all my videos like I was&nbsp;&nbsp; performing surgery or something. Every cut had to&nbsp; be perfect. Every frame needed to be justified. I&nbsp;&nbsp; was overthinking everything. And you know where it&nbsp; got me? Nowhere. Boring videos that typically did&nbsp;&nbsp; not perform. Here's the truth. You need to edit&nbsp; your videos with a spoon and not a scalpel. I&nbsp;&nbsp; spent eight years being way too precious about my&nbsp; videos. And you know where it got me? Not very far&nbsp;&nbsp; down the road. My breakthrough was just not having&nbsp; the time. I became ruthless. If it didn't move the&nbsp;&nbsp; story forward, cut it. If it didn't create emotion&nbsp; or curiosity, cut it. Every 60 to 90 seconds,&nbsp;&nbsp; shift the energy. teaching, personal uh story,&nbsp; problem, solution, fast and then slow, serious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then maybe a light moment, same topic,&nbsp; different frequency, different delivery, different&nbsp;&nbsp; experience. Now, this is where we have to get&nbsp; real with ourselves. That 30 second explanation&nbsp;&nbsp; that you love, nobody cares. That perfect take&nbsp; that took you 15 tries, it probably still feels&nbsp;&nbsp; stiff. You got to edit for viewers experience,&nbsp; not your ego. But none of this matters if you&nbsp;&nbsp; miss the invisible moment that actually creates&nbsp; fans. Okay, let me ask you something. You know&nbsp;&nbsp; that feeling when you're about to hit publish and&nbsp; then suddenly everything that you made feels like&nbsp;&nbsp; total garbage? When you see somebody half your age&nbsp; crushing it and you wonder, "What the hell am I&nbsp;&nbsp; doing wrong?" When you refresh the analytics for&nbsp; the 10th time, even though nothing has changed. I&nbsp;&nbsp; spent years doing that. I dealt with every single&nbsp; one of those thoughts while I was building my&nbsp;&nbsp; 300,000 subscriber channel. Every single one.&nbsp; That obsession taught me something crucial.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not that the people aren't interested in&nbsp; your content. It's that their brains are wired&nbsp;&nbsp; for instant rewards. Every 60 seconds, your&nbsp; viewers's brain wants a micro reward. A laugh,&nbsp;&nbsp; an insight, a moment of, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's me."&nbsp; Something. When I walked away from my big channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; it wasn't because I didn't feel worthy or I didn't&nbsp; think I was good enough. Everything was working&nbsp;&nbsp; very well. It was because a lot was changing in my&nbsp; life. And who I was going to be at 40 wasn't who&nbsp;&nbsp; I was at 35. It wasn't who I was at 30. And&nbsp; I wanted something new. But those feelings,&nbsp;&nbsp; those feelings were real the entire journey.&nbsp; Here's what matters. You can be 100% authentic&nbsp;&nbsp; and still understand pacing. You can be completely&nbsp; yourself and still know when to pause for impact.&nbsp;&nbsp; Connection isn't about screaming, "Smash that&nbsp; subscribe button." It's about having a viewer&nbsp;&nbsp; connect with you to feel like they're not the&nbsp; only one struggling with whatever they're going&nbsp;&nbsp; through because you're there as the leader to pick&nbsp; them up. Now, one thing I get asked all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; is like, "Cardinal sins, what you should not do."&nbsp; And here's one of the worst things that you can do&nbsp;&nbsp; within your video if you want to keep the session&nbsp; time, if you want to keep them rocking with you,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is giving your video a clean ending.&nbsp; Now, I say that because most creators spend way&nbsp;&nbsp; too much time wrapping up the end of their&nbsp; video. You guys have seen it a time or two,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Thanks for watching. Now, before I wrap up&nbsp; or in closing or to recap the video, I just got to&nbsp;&nbsp; say blah blah blah. Let's face it, by that point,&nbsp; they're already gone, dog. They got what they came&nbsp;&nbsp; for. You gave them permission to leave and they&nbsp; left. That's it. Video over. They're not coming&nbsp;&nbsp; back. Netflix doesn't end episodes, right? They&nbsp; overlap them. The last 10 to 15% of an episode&nbsp;&nbsp; starts with a new story. And it might be a little&nbsp; bit less than that, but you guys know what I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; saying. Here's the thing. Your video should do the&nbsp; same thing. Instead of wrapping everything up neat&nbsp;&nbsp; and tidy, you should create a new curiosity gap&nbsp; and then send them straight to the next video.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me show you exactly how that works. So,&nbsp; since I teach YouTube growth on this channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically for entrepreneurs or people that&nbsp; are growing a a personal brand or business using&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube, I could end a video such as, "Now,&nbsp; I've seen fitness channels with terrible form&nbsp;&nbsp; get millions of views." Meanwhile, certified&nbsp; trainers with 20 plus years experience can't&nbsp;&nbsp; break a,000 views. Or cooking channels that burn&nbsp; the food, but they nail the pacing. Massive. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; Michelin trained chefs are posting incredible&nbsp; recipes on YouTube and they're getting no views.&nbsp;&nbsp; Crickets. The structure beats the expertise. every&nbsp; time. And the invisible part of that structure,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the edit. That's what nobody teaches. Which&nbsp; is exactly why I break it down in this video right&nbsp;&nbsp; here. You get what I'm saying, guys? You bring&nbsp; them into a a pattern interruption. You spike the&nbsp;&nbsp; curiosity and then you take them there. Imagine if&nbsp; I was speaking on a main stage somewhere at a big&nbsp;&nbsp; convention, 5,000 people, and the organizer said,&nbsp; "Adam, you only get paid, depending on how many&nbsp;&nbsp; people follow you, to the next stage after you&nbsp; pre uh present to the main room." Imagine how my&nbsp;&nbsp; presentation would change trying to get everybody&nbsp; engaged to follow me to the next stage. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; what we have to do with YouTube. Now, before I&nbsp; jump into that, if you guys are serious about&nbsp;&nbsp; taking your YouTube channel to the next level, I&nbsp; actually put together the ultimate YouTube growth&nbsp;&nbsp; guide, which is a free PDF. I'll have a link&nbsp; in the description box below. Been getting a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of great feedback from you guys in emails.&nbsp; So, thank you so much for responding to those.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you haven't yet, click download, enjoy,&nbsp; and let's grow. All right. Now, I'm not trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to get too meta with this or anything, but this&nbsp; video, my other videos on my channel, they are&nbsp;&nbsp; all structured this way with the binge method.&nbsp; Go check them out. See what I'm talking about.&nbsp;&nbsp; But there's a new question that you need answered,&nbsp; and I just told you exactly where to get it. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is how you create binge sessions instead&nbsp; of one-off views. The more videos that a viewer&nbsp;&nbsp; watches on your channel in a row, the better the&nbsp; signal back to YouTube that you have a high valued&nbsp;&nbsp; channel that needs to be shown to more people.&nbsp; Do you understand the importance here? All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me show you exactly how this performs when&nbsp; used correctly. One of my best performing videos&nbsp;&nbsp; on this channel, why your YouTube videos die&nbsp; after 48 hours, uses everything I just taught&nbsp;&nbsp; you. 54% retention rate. Most videos lose half&nbsp; their viewers in the first 1 minute. This one&nbsp;&nbsp; held more than half of the viewers for the entire&nbsp; video. 90,000 views so far. 4,000 new subscribers&nbsp;&nbsp; so far. One video. And that's not by accident.&nbsp; It's the binge method in action. The point is,&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter if you have zero subscribers or&nbsp; a million today. It's about understanding how&nbsp;&nbsp; attention resets every 60 seconds. And if you give&nbsp; your viewers a micro reward at those reset points,&nbsp;&nbsp; they literally can't stop watching. Look, come&nbsp; here. The algorithm doesn't care about your&nbsp;&nbsp; subscriber count or your history. It cares about&nbsp; behavioral patterns. The algorithm itself is a&nbsp;&nbsp; preference engine trying to pair the right content&nbsp; with the right viewer to keep them on YouTube.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's how YouTube makes its money. You're giving&nbsp; the viewer exactly what their brains are already&nbsp;&nbsp; wired to crave. Continuous micro rewards that keep&nbsp; the dopamine flowing. And now that you have the&nbsp;&nbsp; formula, the one that separates the creators&nbsp; who just get views from the creators who have&nbsp;&nbsp; fans and businesses and opportunities, most people&nbsp; are going to do nothing with it. If you're still&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging out with me, thank you. And if you're&nbsp; serious about taking that YouTube channel to&nbsp;&nbsp; the next level, watch this video next. If you&nbsp; haven't yet, click that little subscribe button&nbsp;&nbsp; to join the channel family here. And until&nbsp; next time, guys, I appreciate you watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAdamIvy [28 likes]: I’m curious...do you think people stop watching your videos because of pacing, editing, lack of value, or something else entirely?
  2. @ABEDIONA [1 likes]: But that is easy to do when you are in a room talking to a camera (a controlled environment). You can change your dialog and reshoot things all the time. But if you are out in the field filming something for a travel or exploration/adventure channel where you don't always know exactly what it is you will be filming, and you will not be returning to the site, this is more difficult. You have to rely on editing and voiceovers (provided you recorded the appropriate background sounds). It may also take more than 30 to 90 seconds to shoot a particular nature scene. I don't know if your method can be easily applied to those more complex video formats. Can you provide examples of YouTubers who are not just talking to the camera and use your method. Thanks.
  3. @duhboss1422 [1 likes]: It’s not manipulation IF the video has real value and the creator is a good faith actor, but without those conditions that’s just what it is (trying to trick the viewer into sinking his precious life into the valueless and perhaps degrading)
  4. @Holisticdiscgolfdad: Could people be leaving because of Ads? they bail at ads
  5. @TheGeekyInvestors: Bro i swear you're legendary 
This is my 2nd day watching your channel, and I already subscriberd and watched couple of your videos to learn how to apply them myself

Really thank you!
  6. @ModernGentlemenllc: BROOOOO i can literally see all those effects happening to me right after you tell us about them, like you say it, then you do it in the video, and its crazy, because even tho your telling me about those tricks they still work on me, and look im even commenting, which im sure is because of a trick you used in this video, your cool man
  7. @Japanese_Dub_Gaming: I used to get a lot views on my videos in the past. Luckily I get 1 to 100 views for the newest game releases.
  8. @Cloudyyviews: Tbh I think people like your videos based on how much they can feel you enjoy doing what your doing in the videos , not everyone is gonna like you but people WILL like you , YouTube is a game of patience and it tests your love for entertainment, yes some people get lucky and strike gold early but that’s life it doesn’t mean you are any less than they are it just means your crowd haven’t found you yet and they never will if you don’t start and or keep uploading , don’t force vids to be short if you truly like what the video is , if you are a corny person let that be shown don’t hide it , it’s makes you different from other creators because in all honesty MANY people make the same type of content but not everyone individual is the same … have fun , be you , find what you like to do and how you like to make content and making videos will be more of a therapeutic release than a grab at money ya know? At the end of the day we all need money but love and passion should be apart of that too in able to get to that money , that’s my opinion at least
  9. @MichaelTrentColvin: Thanks for sharing your hard work 😎
  10. @MichaelTrentColvin: 😊 I'm down for trading subscriptions to anyone interested
  11. @MichaelTrentColvin: ❤ we have a lot in common 😊
  12. @BjornFree7: As a fiction writer by passion, this has been the hardest lesson for me. Stop writing like Toni Morrison and start scripting like it's a 2000s discovery channel show.
  13. @meetmeatthemall1: Once the video starts playing , it starts showing the talent of  the  singer so that alone reason is  enough for  the  viewer  to stay watching  or  even  sharing  the  video! Bcz  thre  is  this real  talent  in  singing [for  example ]which  the viewr can not do  bcz that viewer doesnt  have  a  talent  in  singing! So  the  question is  why   is it hrdly that  my music  videos get only 5k  views in  one day? I  got  really  frustrated on videos that  get  only 300 views. That  is  why  i realized  that that it is  so important  to  have  followers  who  are not  selfish  but  supportive!  I  am planning of shutting down my  account  just  to  have  a  new  bunch  of  followers!
  14. @kjpcgaming9296: I absolutely HATE videos that go like this:   "Hey today I'm going to tell you to do  xyz but first I'm going to tell you about A, now we'll get to xyz, but first B,  B is something that C is about, but I'll tell you about xyz......."   This pisses me off and I turn the video off.   HATE It.
  15. @PopsWisdomTalk: Well well well… this is GOLD Adam! Thank you amigo. I’m learning a lot from all your advice. Simply awesome… on to the next one,🫡
  16. @OluwasegunOyegoke: Nice video ❤
  17. @NextChapterSeriesEspañol: Every video makes me want to take action immediately. That’s how you know it’s real value. This is gold. Thanks.
  18. @JMC9837: Your content SUCKS do better 😂😂 to sum it up
  19. @Cowclops: I just stick to the DENNIS system myself
  20. @probably_sharp: should i use something like vidiq to design my thumbnails ?

- What is Average View Duration on YouTube? (AVD Explained): Kind: captions Language: en - Average View Duration shows you how long the average person watches your video. So let's say you post a 10-minute long video and the average person watches it for four minutes. You know, some are gonna watch it longer, some are gonna watch it for shorter than that, but the average person Your average view duration for that video is going to be four minutes. But the metric that you really need to know about to get you into the YouTube algorithm is Average Percentage Viewed. Now, people often refer to this metric as Retention Rate or Average View Duration, and that's not necessarily wrong, but there is a small difference. So to explain average percentage viewed, let's use this same example. If the Average View Duration was four minutes long out of a 10 minute long video, your average percentage viewed is 40%. Now, this is the same thing as average view duration, just showed as a percentage, and that's why a lot of us just call it average view duration. Now, the higher this percentage is, the more YouTube is going to push out your content and get you more views. And guess what? There's actually a way to get over 100% percent average view duration on your videos, and just hang on 'cause I'm gonna talk about that in a second. Because you're probably asking, "What's a good average view duration for my YouTube videos "to get into the YouTube algorithm?" Now, what we found from our videos and from our students' videos is that this can range anywhere from 35 to 60%, to actually get into the YouTube algorithm and start getting a lot of views. And anything over 60% is really, really good. Now, obviously, you want to push this number as high as possible. And I know you're asking, "How is it possible "for someone to get over 100% average view duration?" Maybe if someone clicks on the video and they pause it for 30 minutes, and then they click play again, is this going to increase that percentage viewed? No. Because YouTube only counts this number when they are watching and playing through your video. That being said, if someone watches your video at 2x speed, and maybe they watched the whole thing, the whole 10-minute long video, but if it did 2x speed, it's only gonna be five minutes long. Now, on the reverse end, if someone were to watch one of your videos at 0.25 speed, this is gonna be 40 minutes long and a 400% average view duration, assuming that everyone watched the whole thing at 0.25 speed. Now this could potentially be fixed in a future update and it's not a real strategy for you to focus on. However, if you do play this back at .25 speed, you can understand everything that I am saying. And if you got the same message, then make sure you comment. Now, another way for a video to pass 100% average view duration is is someone rewind and re watches part of your video. Here in YouTube studio, we can see that it says percentages can be more than 100% as viewers may rewind to watch a sequence more than once. Now, this is really interesting, but the real question is, how do you actually create content to get a high view duration? Well, if you click on the screen right now, you're going to get a free training from Sean on the Think Team explaining exactly how to do this. And I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [6 likes]: Question of the Day 💡 What is your YouTube Channel about? Let me know. **  Learn the One YouTube Strategy I Use that Generates 57,346+ Views Per Day! ➡ http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @Shawn_A_BJJ [1 likes]: I feel like the algorithm actually favors view duration (time) and NOT percentage.

Think of this way, if I post a 10 hour long video, with a BAD view duration percentage of 10%. That's ONE HOUR, on average.  Compare that to a 2:40 minute like this, and say it gets a 120+% view percentage and people are watching for a little over 3 minutes.

What are people watching more,  giving a lot of attention to, seeing more ads, etc.. the thing most people are watching for 60 minutes on average, or 3 minutes?
  3. @Jacklinkzandx.officials: My view duration is less then half of the video thats why im not wasting my pc and android storage on. videos people wont really watch
  4. @3DPulseStudio: i can't change the playback speed on your video. "Normal" is the only option. so the part you sped up cannot be reduced.
  5. @James-v3m5n: I have a three minute video getting view time of average 18 minutes?wtf?
  6. @eliasmercado5661: Not entirely true. 20% of a 20 minute video is more valuable for YouTube than 125% of that 2 minute video you showed. That why percentage isn’t really important.
  7. @dubtendergaming: Think Van <3
  8. @EmmaStopMos: Made a stop motion short and it only has a 23% retention rate, it’s so frustrating
  9. @JuanCarlosOrdoñezz: I have a short with 160 views and 1600 APV  How can that be?
  10. @AllAboutTheGrind: Thank you. Very informative data to get a gauge of my channel. Be well
  11. @splattshorts: So if I watch a video in its entirety, and decide to watch it again, does that make my average view duration for that video 200%? Since I'm one person watching the same video twice?
  12. @TheShotBrothers: Why do my videos still do bad even with 90% retention??
  13. @mohitkumar-vvh: Kya bolate ho bhai phir se bolona😢
  14. @roberttempleiii: Think Fan
  15. @EQOAnostalgia: Now you know why Skibidi toilet exists.
  16. @LifeWithRilla: Think fam idk what you said but lol I heard something
  17. @shadygotlogic: If i have videos with bad retention, does that mean algorithm not gonna recommend my future videos?
  18. @bellah7467: Me my video I posted and it average 273 and their is no view 😂
  19. @plussunu5454: Finally, someone who explains this in plain English and in less than 10 minutes. Harder and harder to accept 10-15 minutes videos of bla bla bla.. when you can get to the end of it in 2 minutes.
  20. @umarlatif2886: Can somebody tell me what's the average audience retention of podcast of 1 hour?

- How to get retention SO HIGH your shorts always go viral: Kind: captions Language: en 91% retention 93% retention 97% retention one after another again and again and again through my personal experience in making engaging shorts and my research into the strategies of top creators I've created an in-depth process for consistently getting high retention by following the methods in this process you'll be able to keep attention so well that you can't stop going viral so without further Ado let's let's [Music] begin the shorts algorithm uses thousands of methods to decide if your content is worthy of getting views however there is one single element that is undoubtedly the biggest factor in this every Creator acknowledges it as the single most important metric in terms of going viral and I'm sure you've heard of it as well just this simple line on the graph will decide if your short gets 10 views or 10 million views so let's make it as flat as possible now this upcoming advice can be used across all niches but for each person it might apply differently so in these next few minutes consider how you can tailor this information to fit your videos if you were to imagine your content as a car then the composing of your shorts would be the engine without a good engine it doesn't matter if you have a super nice car a Lamborghini because you won't be going anywhere so to explain the concept of composing we can start by drawing a simple line on one end we have the hook and on the other end we have the payoff the line connecting the two is our storytelling I'll go through each point in this drawing and show you how to maximize retention in all of them let's begin with the hook and I'll get to the others later your hook is basically the intro of your short it should be as concise and easy to understand as possible since we don't want to end up confusing the viewers or giving them too much information the hook should also explain the general idea of the video and mention a payoff now it might seem difficult to fit all this in less than 5 seconds but it doesn't have to be complicated find for yourself how this Creator communicated a simple but effective hook to his viewers yes even without a voice this simple use of text is still a very strong hook his viewers want to see what he's referring to in the caption which is a good reason for them to keep watching we also immediately understand the concept of the video because the visuals convey what game he's playing and the situation he's in which shows that you don't always have to physically explain the idea for further reference here's another very good hook but this time it's a completely different Niche my grandma thinks Christmas is expensive so I'm going to prove her wrong by giving her the best Christmas present with $5 let's get started so your hook can look differently depending on your Niche and video type but as long as you can set up a payoff and convey an interesting idea you'll be able to make your viewers stick around but only initially we still have to keep these people engaged until the end of the short or else they'll just scroll away before reaching that point that's where storytelling comes in in and we can start progressing down the line now this part is interesting because how you use storytelling will be very dependent on your Niche and video type if you make voiceover or original content then there's a lot more room with what you can do for that group I recommend you integrate conflict into your script have things go wrong and then resolve the problem with the solution also use a lot of suspenseful words like but and however because it keeps people on edge waiting for what you say next next now in a more General sense there is something that's important to focus on in storytelling for every Niche faceless or not and before I reveal it try to catch it for yourself in this short this is a Starbucks and down the street is another Starbucks and today I'mma start some beef howdy can you give me just like a really fun drink yeah we can definitely do that oh my gosh that's so fun Starbucks a went off this is the most fun drink I've ever seen I pulled up the Starbucks B and did what I had to do and then they said that you guys make super boring drinks okay so I was just going to see if you guys can make a more fun one than them yeah definitely this is what the Starbucks down the street made the genuine shock on tor's face right so in the hook Ryan sets up the plot behind the video and now we want to see who will make the better Starbucks drink then you might have noticed he used a hidden storytelling tool in order to keep us engaged throughout the short let's see even though the concept itself wasn't very tense there was a lot of anticipation he framed things in a way that made made it impossible to scroll because of the building up towards the payoff the hidden tool that Ryan used here was tension and obviously it worked because this short has nearly 100 million views so tension is the most important instrument of Storytelling and it can be applied in very broad circumstances as long as you're building suspense in your viewers now that we've resolved the storytelling and the hook let's move on to the payoff another integral part of your content so remember how I said ear earlier in the hook that you had to mention a payoff well now that we're actually here it's very important that you meet the expectations you set Ryan set up that there would be a competition between the two Starbucks but what if he reached the end of the short after all of that tension and buildup and said well it's a tie that would be lame wouldn't it you want to satisfy your audience because the real trick to getting a ton of retention is returning viewers if you disappoint someone with your payoff then you'll have lost a potential loyal subscriber who would have given you a lot of Engagement in the long run so make sure to fulfill the payoff and look at that we've successfully completed the composing pathway remember what I said earlier about composing being the engine of your shorts well you can think of editing as the physical part of the car the wheel the seats and the walls in the same way that a car couldn't function without an engine it's just as useless without a body to start let's talk about your pacing attention spans are pretty much fried nowadays especially when it comes to short form platforms like YouTube shorts therefore we need to go to Great Lengths to make sure our content is as fast-paced as possible I remember on an old channel of mine in the gaming Niche I would spend a whole hour getting footage for a one minute short that way I could condense all of the most action-packed moments to make the pacing quick and entertaining this is so important because people nowadays value their time much more why would they spend 30 seconds watching your short that isn't even entertaining when they can just scroll away and watch Mr Beast so keep your shorts as fast-paced as possible as for certain tricks like captions Transitions and zooming there isn't one concrete answer that I can give it's heavily dependent on the style of your content so I recommend recommend you search for other creators in your Niche and just do what they do now there's a whole another side of editing as well this aspect of it is often overlooked which is a shame because it plays one of the biggest roles in your engagement see if you can find what it is in this short these are the internet's weirdest websites spot the drowning child.com is like a lifeguard simulator where you're given a video of real people in a swimming pool and you click who you think's drowning to see if you're faster than the Lifeguard what's my star name.com let you type in your name and will return with how a Starbucks employee will find a way to spell it wrong did you catch it as the sections of the video switched the music he used changed as well the soundtrack you pick for your shorts can be used to make the audience feel different moods during different parts of the short this gets them more invested into the video and enhances your storytelling but be careful because if you pick the wrong soundtrack then it can backfire heavily another huge use of music is for building tension I talked about it earlier so you already know how important tension is if you pick a certain song with a buildup then you can create tension from thin air and manipulate people into staying engaged I can't show an example of this because of copyright but this channel is super good at it so check out his content to see what I'm talking about sound effects again depend on your Niche and type of content if you can use them then add them to certain moments for more engagement but if it doesn't fit your video style then it's not a big deal the definition of Leverage is using something to its maximum Advantage if we go back to that car analogy leverage would be like attaching a jet booster to the back the car does work without it but we can make it go a lot faster and what I mean by this is there are some clever tricks to maximize retention outside of the traditional composing and editing some of these tricks will seem pretty weird but don't underestimate how effective they are the first one is called engagement baiting do something that urges people to comment for example an intentional mistake until this guy slides the watermelon through it or a really crazy moment people will want to point it out and you might not know this but your retention increases as people use the comment section try it for yourself go to a short and you'll notice that when you leave a comment the short keeps playing in the background so get people to leave comments and you'll see a massive increase in your retention another trick related to comments and this one is kind of underhanded but it works very well here's how you do it once you post your short switch YouTube accounts so that people don't know it's you then go to the Post you just made and leave a comment saying something like that ending was crazy or I didn't expect the ending most people check the comments before even watching the short so they'll see that and wait until the end because you've made them curious about what happens the funny thing about this one is a lot of shorts creators use this without you knowing it next time you check the comments on a short and see one like that just know it might actually be the Creator in Disguise the third one is very simple but it's also very effective go to one of your shorts and find the related video section click it and link one of your other shorts a lot of people will click this link and since they're already in invested in your content they're more likely to watch for longer now I have a lot more leverage tips to share so I've linked them in the description for completely free check those out if you're interested hopefully you got a lot of value from this video subscribe if you did and I'll talk to you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CLIPMONGOLD [1 likes]: For me, most of the time, every Short has an APV of over 60-70%, and recently it has started to exceed 100%. I hope something will work out for me. And whoever is reading this, I hope it will work out for you too! Good luck!
  2. @LiviLore.mp3 [1 likes]: Wishing all small YouTube creators the best — stay creative, never give up, and keep going! 🎥✨ Wishing you all lots of success! 💪🎉
  3. @Saoewim: Small creators, you can do this!😁
  4. @EpicZonesport: good luck to all of you❤
  5. @SalwaShalihah: Bagus videonya weyy salam dari indonesia
  6. @ezxchiel: get that bread
  7. @BrainYappp: Goodluck Guys Keep Stacking and yall get viral :)
  8. @Thawkmtb: Thanks for the good tips
  9. @TrueHorrorStories-K: Thanks!
  10. @Bruhnsma: Thanks alot
  11. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  12. @CLIPZ-s5e9w: ty bro
  13. @Redditiix: Thank you for the video! Good luck to small channels 🍀🍀
  14. @viralInsight07: ill try thiss
  15. @DrHighlightShorts: Retention is not only the thing i have been getting 90+ retentiom and sometimes 100+ yet i couldnt break the 30k view jail as i dont get more comments and likes.😢
  16. @Plushroom64: good luck for everyone here!
  17. @ParvAgrawall: I thought i will perform better in youtube but my retention % going down like my grades % D:
  18. @idrish98: I got a 90+ retention and 85+ retention still stuck at 2/3k views huh
  19. @Fuh.clipzz: Soon bro soon bro
  20. @priscdreams: I'd love here opinions about my creations ✨

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- The Thumbnail Trick EVERY Small YouTuber Misses: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are one of the hardest things to get right on YouTube. But they're also one of the most important because ultimately if people don't click, they don't watch. And if your thumbnails aren't getting clicked, your views will suffer no matter how good your content is. The reason you probably clicked on this video is because deep down you know your thumbnails aren't working. So I'm going to show you exactly how to fix them. Now firstly, every YouTube guru will say that thumbnails matter, but most of them will never actually tell you why they matter. So let's break it down quickly. Now what's crazy is it's claimed thumbnails are responsible for up to 50% of a video's total success. Not editing, not the camera, not even the script, the thumbnail. That's why if you can improve your thumbnails, even by just like 10%, you will see massive growth across your entire channel. more clicks, more watch time, and more subscribers. So, your job as a creator isn't just to make good videos. It's also to make killer thumbnails. And over the next few minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, let's get into it. Now, the very first thing we need to do is dive into the world of mastering thumbnail psychology. Because when a viewer lands on YouTube's home feed looking for a video to watch, they're not sat there carefully evaluating each video they see. Instead, they're usually scanning the entire page really fast and making split-second decisions based on how a thumbnail makes them feel. And that's a key. People won't click just because your thumbnail looks nice, they will only click if a thumbnail triggers a feeling inside of them. And whilst all new and small creators spend most of their time obsessing over the fine details of each of their thumbnails, the top creators on the other hand focus all of their time not on the design itself, but on the psychology behind the design. Now, if you don't believe me, you should definitely believe this guy, Patty Galloway, the worldrenowned YouTube strategist, and he recently said exactly the same thing. The first thing I would say is a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the thumbnail. So for example here are two of my best performing videos. One about shorts and one about trains. Now they might both seem really basic at first glance but they were both really carefully designed and let me explain. So, for the shorts video, I carefully designed this thumbnail to tap into people's emotions. Like when you're trying to grow on YouTube as a small channel, there is nothing worse than posting a video, refreshing the analytics the next day, and then seeing the video has massively flopped and only got a couple of views. And that's what this thumbnail taps into. It taps into that emotional feeling someone gets when they feel disheartened after one of their videos ends up failing. Then the second one, the Indian train video. This was super simple and easy. It probably took me about 10 minutes to make. But basically, I knew that Indian people love their trains and they love to see how western people react to their development. So, for this thumbnail, I wanted to encapsulate the emotion of being shocked and pleasantly surprised, which is exactly what I knew my audience wanted to see, and it made them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it. But look, these thumbnails are super basic. There's no professional editing here, just pure psychology and emotion. So, now I'm going to teach you how to do this for your own videos. But before I do, here's a really quick message from today's sponsor. Now, a quick message to all my fellow small YouTubers. If you're not using this AI tool, you're missing out on a lot of views. All of the biggest creators on YouTube upload clips daily. And here's the latest trend behind it all. Nexus Clips. It's a viral AI tool that analyzes your videos, picks the best segments, and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video. It effortlessly repurposes horizontal videos into vertical videos that you can instantly upload as shorts. It also has facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically. Now, the top creators tried to keep this AI tool a secret, but now we all have access to it. So, hop on this trend whilst it's still hot. So then how to master psychology design. So first of all, it's super important that you understand there's one key psychological trigger that makes people act every time and that is curiosity. Now I touched on this during my last video talking about titles. But curiosity is at its peak when we encounter what's known as a curiosity gap. This is the gap between what we already know and what we want to know. And these gaps work because our brains are wired to seek closure. We hate unfinished thoughts. So when we're presented with a curiosity gap on a thumbnail, our mind has to close it. And the only way we can close it is by clicking on the video and finding out. So here's an example of this. Take this video here by Ryan Draan. The title is I tried every drive-thru's most expensive item. Now, his thumbnail is really basic, like no over-the-top editing or crazy graphics. Just a photo of him, the McDonald's sign, a burger, and some text. That's all it is. But what makes this thumbnail so clickable is the fact he's holding up what looks to be like a secret burger. And then include some text saying instant regret. Now, this will have viewers thinking three things. Number one, what is that burger? Number two, what made him regret it? And number three, what happened after he ate it? These questions alone cause guess what? A curiosity gap. And the only way to resolve that gap is by clicking on the video and finding out. The stronger the gap, the more likely people are to click. Now, it can get super scientific and complex with the way top creators create these gaps. But to simplify it so you guys can easily create a cured gap with your own thumbnails, I'm going to now show you five of the most common ways of making them. And these will apply to pretty much any niche. So, make sure you write them down and use them next time you go to create one. So, firstly, we have the before and after thumbnails. And these are really powerful because they tell a story in just one image, usually a story of transformation. And it's not just about the after because the key here is having the before, which is usually the starting point, as relatable as possible. Something that makes viewers go, "That's me or that's where I'm starting from, too." Then on the other side you show the result which is the after. This then creates a hook. And the real question that every viewer has is what happened in between the before and the after. And this format works across nearly every niche. So if you do this, make sure that the before is relatable and that the after feels aspirational. And the viewer should always want to know how you made that transformation between the two. Then of course we have challenge thumbnails and these are all about tension. This is where you present a difficult task like something hard, intense, or borderline insane. And it makes a viewer go, "Wow, did they actually do this?" Now, the more extreme that the challenge feels, the stronger the curiosity gap becomes like these videos are practically begging to get clicked. And the curiosity comes from questions from the viewers, like what happened during a challenge? Like, did they complete it? And would I be able to do it myself? And humans love challenges. We always want to see how something ends. So, this is always a strong one. And then we have contradiction thumbnails. And these thumbnails are basically designed to make viewers stop and say, "Wait, what?" They work because they break expectations. They show something that doesn't really make sense at first glance, and that creates a mental itch the viewer needs to scratch. These thumbnails naturally feel wrong, but they challenge societal norms, and that's what makes them so clickable. The contradiction creates a puzzle and the only way to solve that puzzle is to click on the video and watch it. Then of course we have novelty thumbnails and these are thumbnails that grab you with weirdness. Like they work because the human brain is wired to notice anything that looks new, different or out of place. It could be something or inspiring. It could be bizarre. It could be hilarious. But the point is we've never seen it before and now we want to know more. The key to novelty thumbnails is simplicity. You don't need 10 crazy elements. You just need one thing that makes people stop and go, "Wait, what am I looking at? What is that?" And that is a novelty gap. And finally, we have result thumbnails. Now, these thumbnails show the final result of a journey. And they leave viewers wondering how you got there. Like, they work especially well in transformation, success, or money related niches. But they can be applied in almost any area where progress or outcome matters. And the curiosity comes from two places. One, how did they do it? And two, can I do it, too? The result thumbnails are all about aspiration. They should feel possible, but not easy. That's what drives a click. So, there you have it. There are five of the most popular psychological designs you can include in your thumbnails. But having the best curiosity gap in the world means nothing if no one notices your thumbnail in the first place. Because every single time someone loads up the YouTube home feed, they will be faced with tons of content that's all trying to grab their attention at the same time. And as humans, we naturally tune out almost everything unless something disrupts our attention. So the vast majority of thumbnails on YouTube will simply just get scrolled past without a second thought. But all of the top creators know exactly how to disrupt visual patterns and grab attention. And that's where attention triggers come in. And attention triggers are basically really simple little hacks that are able to grab a viewer's attention when they're scrolling on the YouTube home feed. Now, before I give you some examples, I actually very recently ran a poll asking you guys if you watch YouTube on light mode or dark mode. And 3/4 of you actually said you watch on dark mode. So, one point here is you should always consider how your thumbnails will stand out on dark backgrounds and light backgrounds too because many of you guys actually watch on dark mode. So, the contrast between your thumbnail and a dark background always needs a pop. So, keep that in mind. But here are some examples of attention triggers you should be using in your next thumbnails. So, first up, we have faces. Now, as humans, we are biologically wired to notice faces. It's one of the first things our brains are trained to recognize. But it's not just any face that works. The most effective thumbnails use clear, expressive faces showing strong emotion. Things like shock, fear, joy, confusion. These emotional cues make us instinctively pay attention because they help us to understand what a person's feeling and what that video might be about. So just using a boring smile on all of your videos with no facial expression won't cut it. The expression you need to include needs to match the emotion of that particular video. Like this thumbnail worked really well for me because the face I'm pulling matched the negative emotion encapsulated by that video topic. Like it wouldn't have worked if I had a smiling face or a laughing face for example. Then of course we have famous people. Now, this is where it gets interesting because our brains will subconsciously prioritize faces we're already familiar with. So, people like celebrities, influencers, athletes, friends, or even viral personalities act like immediate attention triggers. Now, of course, you should only ever include someone's face on your thumbnail if you actually include them in the video, too. If not, and you do include someone's face on your thumbnail that's not included, your audience will think you've just clickbaited them and they won't be happy. But if you do feature or talk about a famous person, for example, in your video, I would always 100% recommend you include them in your thumbnail, too. Then the next attention trigger is big numbers. That's because numbers create instant mental shortcuts. Seeing things like 100 thousand or zero to a million instantly communicates value without needing any extra context. They're really quick. They're easy to process and they trigger questions like how did they make that much? What happened in the journey? And can I do it too kind of thing. Now these types of attention triggers obviously work even better paired with a powerful topic like money, time or transformation. That's why finance and challenge videos often go viral. Next, we have familiar visuals. So when you include recognizable icons like the YouTube logo or Instagram likes or PayPal payments or even Shopify notifications for instance, they can act as visual magnets. Like we've seen these icons thousands of times before in our everyday life. So the seconds they appear in a thumbnail, our brains light up. But again, look, I'd only ever include any of these logos or icons if they actually feature in your video. Then we have aesthetics. These types of thumbnails are usually really quite simple, but require a lot of skill to get it right. They work because humans are naturally drawn to things like beauty, clean composition, balanced colors, and clear subjects. Because aesthetically pleasing visuals feel good to look at. They trigger a tiny dopamine hit in our brain. But in this case, it's not just about looking nice. It's about creating a thumbnail that feels effortless to exhort. And this is why those kind of thumbnails you see in the tech space or even the travel space work really, really well. But of course, you're going to need a really good camera and some good Photoshop skills for this kind of attention trigger. Then finally, we have movement, danger, or drama. Now, as humans, our brains have evolved over time to notice things like sudden motion, potential threats, or unusual events because in the past, missing one of those could have meant instant death for us. that primal wiring our brains have still works today. So this means thumbnails that show chaos, conflict or physical movement are able to grab people's attention fast. Think things like explosions, people running, near misses, war, traumatic stunts, or even someone midfall. Our brain screams to us, "Wait, what's going on there?" And that's exactly what gets the click. So there you have it. There are the six main attention triggers that all of the top creators use. subtly in their thumbnails. But what's really important here is that you should never try and include all of them at once because using too many attention triggers can actually overwhelm the viewer. Most viral thumbnails rely on just two to three triggers max. So the real skill here is not only knowing what to include, but also what to leave out as well. Okay, so now you might be thinking, how exactly do I include a curiosity gap and attention triggers into a single thumbnail? like how exactly should I lay it all out? Well, this is actually where design anatomy comes in and at its core, thumbnail design is about two things. One is what you include, and two is how you include it. And most high-erforming thumbnails are really simple, but they're extremely carefully created with design anatomy in mind. Now, there are in fact three main styles that creators use most when it comes to thumbnail layout. And the first one is split screen. So pretty much like A versus B. This is most commonly used in transformation or comparison thumbnails. Basically, it's where you show two contrasting sides. For instance, before and after, cheap versus expensive, old versus new, side by side. Now, the split design of these thumbnails naturally creates tension and curiosity and can illustrate the journey from A to B within a thumbnail. These are really quite popular and I've used a lot of these in the past as well. Then we have offset which is like asymmetrical and this one follows a rule of third placing the subject on either the left or the right third of the screen. Now this layout gives your thumbnail breathing room and allows space for text supporting visuals or directional cues like arrows and lines. Now this is actually my favorite. If you look at most of my thumbnails I use this composition a lot. And then finally we have centered which is symmetrical. This is where the main character or object sits right in the middle of the frame. It's balanced, it's clean, and it draws instant focus. Now, this layout is perfect for challenges, big results, or reaction style videos. So, if there's a particular focus in a video that you want to highlight within your thumbnail, this can be really useful. But there you go. Those are the three main ways all of the top creators will arrange their thumbnails. So, I'd suggest giving them a try. Okay, then. Now, the last step of this whole thumbnail creation process. When you've finally created something you think is going to work, there's a couple of little tests I would do quickly to evaluate it because a big thumbnail on a big screen usually looks great. But over 70% of YouTube viewers come from mobile. So, we need to see how our thumbnails look when they're really small. Now, the tool I use for this is thumbsup.tv. It's free and all you have to do is upload a picture of your thumbnail, paste in your title, and then down here you can see how your thumbnail is going to look on all of the different screens like homepage, suggested, mobile, and all of that. So, let's say if you have text on your thumbnail and it becomes really hard to read on a small screen when your thumbnail is minimized, I would change it immediately. And one thing to always remember is that your title and thumbnail should complement each other, not repeat each other. And then finally, we have the flash test. Again, this is also free, but this is where you show your thumbnail to someone, either a friend or a family member, for just 2 seconds and ask them what they saw. If the concept of the thumbnail wasn't visible in 2 seconds, it's not going to work. Because remember, when someone scrolls through the home feed or the suggested tab, they're really quickly skimming every title thumbnail, and they'll never spend more than 2 seconds doing so. So, we want to emulate this as a test. Now, if this video has finally helped thumbnails start to make sense for you, and you're starting to realize just how important they are, then you're going to love this. Now, I've built a short, high impact course that teaches you exactly how to design thumbnails that actually gets clicked. Now, you'll learn things like proven curiosity triggers, layout tips, emotional psychology, and tons of real world examples that you can literally just copy and use today. And just for watching this video until the end, you'll get 50% off the next 24 hours. So, click on the link in the description in the pinned comment and I'll see you inside the course. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [41 likes]: Take 50% off my Titles & Thumbnails Mastery Course here: https://www.ytwacademy.com/products/title-thumbnail-mastery-copy
  2. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Another great video!  I implemented the scheduling and a short after watching your shorts video just yesterday, slapped together a short while watching, posted on a schedule and BOOM!  140 views in just 5 hours.  Now that still is not much but I only started last week.  Thank you so much for helping us newbees in this space.
  3. @BackpackBim: Love this video, super helpful thank you for sharing! Could you do one specifically for the travel niche/cinematic content please? I don’t see any growth YouTuber do videos about this kind of content
  4. @cal3_bm: crazy how one small thumbnail change can literally decide if a video flies or dies 😭
  5. @Heartsong506: Really good content. I haven’t seen this specific lesson anywhere else, so it stands out as giving value to us, the viewer. Thank you!
  6. @youssoufrider: nice
  7. @lonceysyoutubecreators: Thanks so much man, this is an absolute gold tutorial and a must save to a how to do YouTube playlist 😊❤
  8. @KairoHqq: Let’s grow together guys. 🎉❤
  9. @SweetCandyTime: I took your advice on the thumbnails, thanks 🙏🏽
  10. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Yes, the reason why I clicked on this video is not because deep down I feel my thumbnails aren’t working…. I know my thumbnails aren’t working and it’s not YouTube’s fault they are pushing my videos but people are just not clicking so my views are suffering and it’s painful to put in so much work and fall short due to a thumbnail…
  11. @Recovered-rm2mg: You did not even tell us how to make one?
  12. @CelticMickTravels: That is why I outsourced to Bangladesh 😂
  13. @EstherNdeda-1: ❤ I am at 3 subscribers
  14. @niksha992: Ok what about gaming?
  15. @gosiakrokos: Thank you for the tips . I wish us all a great success 🤩 Best wishes .
  16. @XB700: What is a thumb nail?  Where can I access it, from a viewer's perspective?  Thumbnail vs. Description?
  17. @VidaPausa: Mi celular está mal y abrió este video 😂
  18. @mejiamade: super helpful 🙏🏽
  19. @StickThoughtsUS: i will success!
  20. @MsShadowrealm: All those "attention grabbing" thumbnail examples do the complete opposite to me. I see them and want to avoid them.

- Should You Change Thumbnails After Posting? #AskSean: Kind: captions Language: en so if you have a video on your YouTube channel that's having a lot of success should you actually change the thumbnail or title to have it have more success a good question came in from cooking with the shaw they started a Baking Channel about two months ago one of the videos got 11,000 views and theyve kind of changed of branding since then wondering should I change my thumbnail to make it look like all the other ones or just leave it alone and I think we could summarize this up with saying if it ain't broke don't fix it and so yes brand colors new thumbnails strategy but if one video is performing and it's still performing man let that thing go and I think people kind of overestimate brand colors and they get all into that stuff when sometimes different is better than better like a thumbnail that you don't love the way it looks it looks kind of weird but those are the ones that work CU it kind of gets attention so if you pivot your strategy great but I would say don't mess with it the second tip though is there's this thing called split testing and I know YouTube is rolling out the chance to split test three thumbnails on new YouTube videos but you can even do this manually and when a video is having great success sometimes you can have it have even more success by pivoting the thumbnail and all you have to do is measure the Impressions the video is getting in the last seven days so YouTube's showing it to in your case to a 100 people a day or a thousand people a day and click through rates 5% so a certain number click on it and watch it well if you pivot one thing pivot the title if you pivot one thing pivot the thumbnail and then Impressions go from a th000 a day to 1300 a day day then just changing the thumbnail of a successful video can actually cause it to rise you got guys like Evan carmichel changing their thumbnails all the time Lewis house pivoting his thumbnails now mind you they also have teams for this I think for the solo Creator it's very difficult to do we're doing it think media and we have a guy Pier who's helping us and he's going back in our back library and optimizing our back Library experts could say you could optimize if you have a big Library your back Library maybe get 30 40% more views on your entire library but this is usually going to be at more Media Company scale if you're a solo Creator I would focus on the next video if it ain't broke don't fix it don't worry about pivoting it let it keep crushing but keep posting more videos and get that momentum and that flywheel effect focus on the finish line of as many great videos as you can publish maybe in 2024 this year and then maybe go back and look at the winners and cause them to win more maybe once a year or every six months as a solo Creator because there's definitely the opportunity to optimize your back library and your back catalog and raise views 10 20% 30% Channel wide if you like this clip and are ready to take your YouTube channel to another level go to think masterclass.com where you can get access to a one-hour YouTube strategy class where I break down the exact system that we use at think media to generate hundreds of thousands of views per day just go to think masterclass.com or click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucarinaldi-c2m [20 likes]: Great video, I never knew that thumbnails can help so much with gaining popularity... but I guess you learn every day as a content creator. Nowadays though I believe that the best option, for going viral as soon as possible, is to start doing more Shorts. People don't have attention span for anything longer, so I try creasting expressive and concise content (and after I post it, I use a lot of Famester to make it go viral and the content gets spread out literally everywhere. It works for other platforms as well).
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [9 likes]: When do you update your thumbnails and how does it change your videos performance? Let us know below! ⬇️
⭐ Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2024 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  3. @andrewscot8553 [1 likes]: Great video! I’m going to try to change a title or thumbnail to see if it changes anything
  4. @EncourageFaith [1 likes]: Thanks, Sean. I was wondering about this.  I'm anxiously anticipating the rollout of the A/B testing for thumbnails. I that will be great since I'm doing it manually now.
  5. @LetsPlaywithDDae [1 likes]: One of my past videos ended up popping off for some reason and I noticed that it had a bad title, no tags, no thumbnail, etc... I was like "Let me fix this!" and after I got it up to par with what I was at currently... it stalled completely and died.
  6. @Darkkingztw [1 likes]: Thanks for the advice
  7. @Nabi_Naa: Mine is not working well 😢
  8. @CampusMania: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
  9. @rebelrider247: 3 million subscribers and only 10k views?! Man, those numbers are sad as hell.
  10. @shawnfoodfever: thanks for great sharing 👏👏
  11. @TheFunAccountant: Thank you for the great advice, "keep posting more videos" - absolutely
  12. @tastymasalakitchenbykajal3887: Great information! Always inspiring thank you 🙏🏻
  13. @theredone9256: I do strongly feel my YouTube channel has the potential to get thousands or if not millions of subscribers. I just need to be recognise more you know I need one of them videos that just blows up millions of views. I do strongly feel I have a good personality for my YouTube channel and a cool YouTube name. What do you think
  14. @FishingcookingwithJose: Éxito amigo fiel suscriptor. Bendiciones
  15. @AIKnowledge2Go: Best short tip ever. Thank you! I love this kind of video. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
  16. @carlosmattainternational: Great illumination, are you using a lighting source?
  17. @8notes_: YO! This video reeks of full frame and 10bit color! looks so good on my screen
  18. @KinfeMedia: May we all be blessed with the luck and skill you have.
  19. @ruchika.1201: Hi Sean. My Channel is about Personal Growth, however I posted a video about Google Meet Tutorial once because that issue was troubling me for a week and I finally found a solution, so I made a video thinking it might help someone else. That video took off and got 100k views but after that, all my other videos are being suggested against tutorials and class 9&10 academic videos. Some people open them and click off within 5 seconds because obviously my videos are not their topic of interest. Plus, my videos are in English and YouTube suggests them against Hindi videos.
I got discouraged and stopped posting because most of my subscribers came from that tutorial video and I know they won't watch my personal growth stuff. I wanna come back and be consistent, so I wanna know how can I train YouTube to show my videos to the correct audience. 
Thanks in advance ♥
  20. @me-cm8or: Bro my click rate is 1%

- DON'T MAKE THESE 3 HUGE MISTAKES WITH YOUR THUMBNAILS AND TITLES: Kind: captions Language: en you can create a very good very interesting video. But if your thumbnail or your title do not grab the people attention in recommendation page, no one will click. That's why it is very important to uh use the right thumbnails and use the right use the right titles. If you want to know how to do it, you can check this video and get a lot of useful information for your YouTube channel. It is very important for social media platforms to promote your videos by recommendation page. But if people do not click on your thumbnail, you will not get views and YouTube will think that your video is not interesting for your audience. That's why it is important. I have talked about that in other episodes of our films for YouTube creators. You can check in other episodes in the playlist and find different tips for content creation. But today we are talking about uh thumbnails. We're talking about titles. And I want to share with you my experience how to do it in the right way and get high results. I mean get high CTR and get high audience retention. Thumbnails and titles connected with audience retention too. So you can check this video and get a lot of useful tips and we can start. A lot of creators do not understand and or do not remember that when they are creating videos they are create it by themselves and they pay a lot of attention of the to the process and they think that audience have the same habits. But when people see your videos on recommendation page, we have only 1 second to decide what videos we will look because uh uh when you are sitting with a laptop and trying to find a good solution for your thumbnail or making title for your videos, you understand the script, you're understanding uh the audience pain. You understand what audience you need. But when people see it in recommendation page, they can uh ride in the bus to their work and they can be in the queue or they can be in the plane or they can just going through the street and check the recommendation page and if you make a bad thumbnail and bad titles, people will not watch you because uh there are a high level of competition in recommendation page and you need to take people attention just for one second. It is the first point that we need to understand when we are talking about optimization of videos. I want to share with you five rules for thumbnails because uh there are no strategy to create good thumbnail. There are no AI to create good thumbnail. AI can give you different useful tips but you need to have experience. When I have worked with as a producer with my clients, I do it by myself because there are no solutions for this task. AI cannot help you because AI do not have an experience doesn't have a statistic and it is very important to check a lot of our creators videos to understand how to create good thumbnail. It is about experience firstly about skill. I mean technology sometimes cannot help you. But anyway uh let's discuss the five rules for thumbnails. In the first rule it is a create one strong visual focus. I mean it can be a face a gesture on one clear object. Uh no clutter and no cows. You need to put people attention on the one strong focus is very important part because people sometimes make a lot of different items. They put a lot of faces or a lot of people in the thumbnail and people attention are going out and trying to find the topic of the video at all because people firstly look they firstly understand the thumbnail and after that we are uh checking the title and make a decision of watching the video. When second uh route is a contrast and clarity because it is better to use bright colors, bold text, strong shapes because it is should pop in the feet. The fourth rule is a understanding that you do not need to repeat the title in the thumbnail. If you make a text on the thumbnail, you need to use different text in the title because thumbnail text should attention, curiosity or visual drama and not copy the headline. It is important to take people attention by one or two or three or four words. If you use a large words in the thumbnail, it is bad because people do not have enough time to check it to understanding. It is better to explain your idea in the title than in the descript in the thumbnail. The next point is emotion and posing. I mean that a reaction of people or people emotion on the picture is very good because you can make videos not just with smile but with shock with confusion with joy with frustration. Uh the thumbnail show emotion and show your audience what emotions we will get after the watching. Our brain check this information for seconds and uh if you're put a faces into your thumbnail, it is better to put it with the emotion. A lot of people make video courses or make something in educational format and just make a ver photo but without emotions and it doesn't work at all. So you need to remember about that. And you need also to add a visual hook. I mean you can use arrows, numbers, questions, blur effects, anything that makes the viewer attention stop and wonder what happened. Sometimes people use circles, red circles or red arrows. It is two two nice way to put people attention into one item. For example, you can use one face, one item, one arrow and short text. And it is a main points. There are a lot of different opinions about thumbnails because they have talked with different people from YouTube, from Google, with YouTube producer, with marketers and everyone have different views on this uh task during the video creation. But uh there are some key points and I have told you them to you and you can use it for yourself. Now let's discuss rules for titles. It is two five rules. Uh if you want to do it by AI, you can use trendy. It is free for five videos. You can uh upload a video by the link and put this link into my trend and get uh sell data. You can get titles. You can get description ideas. You can get text. But if you want to understand how it works, I will tell you five rules for for titles. It is easier than thumbnails because titles is much simpler. There are only text, there are no pictures and it is not about visual view but about understanding the meanings of your video. It is rather similar to thumbnails but there are some differences. Firstly, you need to understand that we need to put one idea for one title. For example, you do not need to use such phrase how I feel it, recover it and scale it. You can split that into three videos for example. It can be very good for creating episodes. one idea, one title and one thumbnail, one item on thumbnail, one focus. The next point it is a use trigger phrases. For example, how, why, what if, uh, what happens if this, which is why you can make an question of people in the people brain and it is very restable. It is very useful to create videos for sport format. For example, why your videos do not get views or what happens if you will change your thumbnails. Write a lot of different combinations and you could use it as a template. The next point it is a promise transformation. What changes if watch this make that clear in the title. People want to get changes in their life. If you're creating videos and sell something in uh your your videos for example your goods or your products uh you need to understand and people have a pain and they want to make transformation in their life and you can show them how your product how your idea will transform their life. It is rather useful, rather simple and I think when we can go to the next point. The next point it is a first person builds trust. Uh it is about your story. It is about your real case or now another people real case. For example, I did this and here what happens. It is a combination of first person build trust method and method of using triggering phrases. Uh for example, how to grow fast. For example, how I have made this results for 40 days. But do a lot of different combinations. I think that you understanding this method and you can use it for every video. The last point it is a creating video not only for sale but also for curiosity because people sometimes focusing on keyboards and make sale for videos but uh people do not watch it because viewers are not interested. You need to find a solution when the uh when there are a combination of people interest and optimization for search engines or for YouTube algorithms. uh we have created this uh prompt for trendy and you can use it for free as I have said and put link to your video into the trend and get this data you can check it by right now. Now we are need to talk about combination of thumbnails and titles because there are a lot of uh different important points. For example, thumb thumbnail it is for it is about emotion about curiosity but title it is about clarity and promise. They should work together like the thumbnail stop the scroll takes the people attention. The title finishing the question and the video delivers the answer moving people attention into your ideas into your uh call to action into your tasks. For example, you have a thumbnail with a text I almost quit and you have the title the three brutal mistakes I made I made in my first year on YouTube. You can check a large channels. You can check bloggers who get a lot of views and trying to use their solutions. Try to repeat their strategies and it will works and I can promise you that it will works. Now I want to share with you a few tips about clickbait. clickbait dishonest promise because it might get the click but it kills retention. I mean that you need to get your target audience on into your videos because uh when uh videos are watching by not your target audience you can get low retention it is very bad because the audience retention it is the the most uh point for YouTube to promote your videos. Even if you have low CTR but you have good audience retention YouTube will promote you. It is better to use emotional truth such as it is better to use emotional truth. I will make you an example. For example, it is bad to name the video I made uh $50,000 in a week. You can use such solution. How one offer made one how one offer made 50,000 in the 7 days and what led up to it. It is still clickable but it is real and that keeps people watching. Uh sometimes people think that if we if we will took one idea of a video uh and put it on the thumbnail and title but in this video there were different ideas or different information it is bad because people sometimes think that uh when we creating videos with different ideas and take one ideas one idea and put it is in the base in the thumbnail and the title it is good but sometimes uh audience will click but they will not watch. For for YouTube, it is important to uh get high click level, high CTR and high audience retention. You need to mix these two points to great to to have great results. Titles and thumbnails should be clickable but should be real and uh you should to find a solution how to mix it. It's not about technology. It's not about marketing. It is about intuition sometimes. So there are no people who can help you with this task. But you can use AI or different solutions for generating keywords for titles for description. But you need to recreate it using the emotional triggers and viewers curiosity. Thumbnails and titles is not decoration of your videos. It is a invitation to your audience to watch you to uh take your ideas and to pay their attention into your ideas. So if you want to uh develop your channel more faster, take this uh useful tips and you will get high results soon. I hope this video was was helpful to you. uh we will talk about reoptimization uh videos in the next uh episodes. I mean that sometimes you can change the title, you can change the description and uh your thumbnail and YouTube is thinking that your video is new and you can get new results. It is very useful tip too. There are a lot of different information under the video. In the description you can find links to articles to demo ads to trendy. You can uh ask your questions in the commenters below or you can also write me directly in my social medias and I will answer you. I would be very grateful to you for your feedback, for any feedback, for your opinion, for your view, for your uh questions. So see you soon waiting for your activity.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LindaBerdnik: Super!👍
  2. @budilov: 👍👍👍

- Youtube thumbnail design: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's me Ibrahim and welcome to this video I'm going to show you exactly how I made these thumbnails first 5 seconds it's like goes with the thumbnail probably spin around $5 to $10,000 a thumbnail just make you get the right image and it's good because like the thumbnail makes a difference between 50 million views or 200 million if you need High click thumbnails and really want to grow your YouTube channel like Mr Beast and make thumbnails like this this this and this so you already know what kind of service I'm going to give it to you ready to make your YouTube video stand out I am here to help you through the exciting world of thumbnail design no Frances SK needed just fun and simple technique that create thumbnail people can reist to click let's drive in to make your video look awesome don't waste your time you have your best offer if you have any question ask me anytime I am 24hour online

- Asteroid Expert Rates Nine Asteroid Disasters In Movies and TV | How Real Is It? | Insider: Kind: captions Language: en The amount of smoke coming out of it, like a barbecue, that is not something that you would see. When it hits the ground, it's actually really cold. I am professor Gretchen Benedix. I have been studying meteorites and asteroids for about 20 years. Today, we're going to be looking at asteroid disasters in movies and on TV and judge how real they are. Now, we can get asteroids that are fully metallic, but they wouldn't be spiky the way this thing looks, with all the canyons and things. The asteroids that we do see do not have this kind of debris cloud around them. An asteroid will generally not have too much of this gas coming off of it. It may have some ice in it; that's not going to be the majority of it. I'm pretty sure that we would see something that size headed for us well before it got to that point. Very unrealistic. The biggest myth is that you actually have to steer your spaceship to avoid asteroids. There's a ton of bodies out there. It's a huge amount of space. It's really hard to get into a situation where you might hit some accidentally. You could potentially land on it. It's not like landing on Earth. You're dealing with a totally different gravity regime. You know, we've had a couple of really tiny asteroids that we've got missions from Japan and the US, and they have these little touchdown things, and it's really, really, really hard just to do this tiny little drone-size thing and land it down on the surface of the asteroid and then get it back off. The amount of power you'd need to actually explode, it is impossible. We don't have enough explosive material on the Earth. So, there have been some studies done that have shown that if you take an asteroid 20 kilometers across, you need something like 200 gigatons of explosion to break that apart completely. Now, the biggest thing that we've ever exploded on Earth was 50 megatons. So you'd need 4,000 of those to blow up something 20 kilometers across. This thing in this movie is 1,000 kilometers across. You'd need 130,000 15-megaton bombs to try and blow that particular asteroid up. A shock wave, it's a pressure sound wave. You need atmosphere to have sound. So when the sound is playing in the movie about this explosion happening, that's possible because there is a lot of what we can see is atmosphere there. So there's some gas molecules, and that's going to cause that sound wave to travel. But it's space, so usually there's a whole lot of space in between all of these molecules, so the sound is not going to be what we hear here on Earth. You will have a shock wave, but it won't travel out both sides of a thing. It'll only travel out one direction. That's not how you would actually try to destroy an asteroid that's coming for you. So I would give it a 1 out of 10. 65 million years ago is not when the asteroid got knocked out of the asteroid belt. That is when the asteroid actually hit the Earth. No. 2 wrong, the asteroid belt does not look like that. It's not a doughnut of rocks that are that close together. Sometimes you can get an asteroid family. So you can get one asteroid that has maybe three or four other asteroids kind of close to it. So, this asteroid gets knocked out. You can have collisions every once in a while. They do get the size of the rock correct. Over time, the sizes of the rocks that are out in space have actually gotten smaller, because they do run into each other, but they're really far away from Earth. So not all of them are going to get onto a collision course with Earth, and they don't necessarily impart enough energy to stick it on a direct collision course to the inner solar system. The collisions that occur out there over time have gotten fewer and fewer, because we've kind of gone from a really chaotic system 4 1/2 billion years ago to now it's pretty quiescent. There's a mission called DART. They're trying to take a small asteroid. They're going to push it with their little spacecraft and see if it will change its orbit in any way. Then the movie takes a different tact and says, well, it missed. The orbit was such that it kind of got close, but it flew by. Now, we do have objects that fly by. That's kind of cool. And that, I don't think a 6-mile asteroid would actually skim the atmosphere and then bounce out again. But you can do that with smaller-sized objects. Again, 1 out of 10 for realism. I love this show. And in terms of the realism about everything else, they actually use real asteroid shape files. They have coated it with material that would make it hard to see. The amount of light that's reflecting off the surface is the only way we can tell that that thing is there. So we can see it moving, and if it's moving fast and it's bright enough, the amount of light it reflects from the sun is how we tell it's there. So if they've coated it with this coating that's stealthy, then system that they have in place to detect incoming asteroids, that would fail. So that actually makes sense. I would be surprised if he didn't hear it, to be honest, because that would be a very loud rumbly noise that you would kind of notice before you saw the light. There have been fireballs that have come across. We get images of them, and people don't hear them or see them. Or sometimes people will hear something but never see the fireball itself. For this particular scene, all of that makes sense. You'd feel the thermal radiation before you felt the shock wave. That's definitely realistic. So even if you're, like, 500 kilometers away, you might feel the thermal radiation in maybe a minute, whereas you might not feel the shock wave for half an hour or more, an hour. And the effects of the thermal radiation would be burning. Your clothing could burn off. Your skin might not. But I imagine that it would, it would just depend on how far away from the impact you are. So at least an 8 out of 10 for realism. Pause on the comet. Let's talk about that first. There's this whole bunch of smaller bodies in between Mars and Jupiter that we called asteroids, and asteroids are really rocky metallic bodies. Comets come from farther out in the solar system. Comets are composed primarily of ice and dust. The fireball that we're seeing here, these bits of material are fragmenting off, and they are still moving fast enough so that they can exhibit a glow as well. That is a normal thing that you would see, just not at this size and distance. The size of this rock is about the same size as the rock that caused the extinction of the dinosaurs. So having shelters is a good idea, because we know what that asteroid did. We'd want to be underground. Potentially could devolve into that level, of governments making choices about randomly picking people to save and then finding shelters for them to go into. What we're seeing is that the entire Earth has been wrecked and poisoned. There would be potentially a global dust layer on top of everything. But you would not necessarily see the level of shock damage or structural damage that is being shown here for every place on the planet. You could potentially have sunlight be blocked for quite a while, and then that could settle down. 2 or 3 out of 10. We've never witnessed something this size hit a terrestrial planet. What we're seeing is the smoke trail. We're not actually seeing the fireball. And then an explosion. That's not how it works. It would be something that is like a fireball and then a trail of smoke behind it. You know, we have evidence of this. In 2015, this several-tens-of-meters-wide object came through the atmosphere in Russia, and it fragmented, and people caught the whole thing on dash cams. So, the impact itself would potentially cause a lot of material to come out. I don't think it would go straight up like that. It would more spill out sideways, and then the shock wave would come after. Certain impacts can burst your eardrums because of the airburst afterwards. So if it's big enough, yeah, you can get noise levels that are well beyond breaking your eardrums. And that's the way the cookie crumbles! There's a trail, a skidded track to the end of the trail. No. That doesn't happen with impacts. Impacts are an all-or-nothing thing. Even if they come in at a really steep angle, it will still make a single hole, and it won't have a gouge in the Earth leading up to it. That's gonna be a zero on this one. Does that look like a problem to you? Meteor shower! They call this a meteor shower. The size of that thing is not a meteor. Those are big rocks. And we now know meteors are really tiny, small specks of dust. So meteors are different than asteroids and comets and meteorites. We're talking about tiny dust particles that are between the size of sand grains to maybe a small pebble size that are burning up in the atmosphere. So this is a fireball, or we could even call it a bolide, if we're feeling super scientific. If you see a fireball and it looks like it's headed for you, stand there until the very last possible second, because if it's small, you might be able to jump out of the way. But probably not. And if it's big, it doesn't matter. I get this a lot. "I saw a fireball over there, so it must have just landed over on the other side of my field." No. If you see a fireball, it's actually really far away, because it's very high in the atmosphere. Woo-hoo, I'm on fire! Woo-hoo! You would not be catching fireballs. And if a fireball hit you like it hit those two, you would be fried. You'd be in the crater that was left behind. From the perspective of science, it's not realistic. So I give this a, I think a 1 out of 10. a rock hitting the ground that came from space, yes, that's a meteorite. Honey, bring your phone. C'mon, c'mon! Don't go near it! Don't go near it! It glowing on the ground, no, that's wrong. So that means there's something inside of it. It might glow as it's coming through the atmosphere, because the chemistry of the rock might interact with the atmosphere. So you could get different colors that way. Purple would tell you something about the elements that are in it. Meteors that glow different colors, but again, those are just small pieces of dust. Smells. A meteorite coming through the atmosphere, it heats up, but only the outside. So when it hits the ground, it's actually really cold, because space is cold and it's been out in space. And there have been reports of people finding meteorites very shortly after they've fallen and them having ice on them. And if you're going to get burned from it, it's going to be freezer burn, not a heat burn. You can get close to them as long as they haven't come in at a massive speed. Peekskill meteorite in the US, October 1992, the meteor was seen across about 16 states. It actually hit the boot of a car in New York and punched a hole through the car. Did you plant those? No. It would not be something that is actually alive after having gone through that atmospheric thing, unless the meteorite is somehow a spaceship, which, generally they're just rocks. The idea that there could be life on a meteorite, that's one area of study in our world. We check for evidence of either organic material or the precursors of organic things that could potentially harbor life. We haven't found any so far. So we've found precursor materials, but no actual evidence of life. The color, it doesn't glow on the ground at all. I'm going with zero out of 10 on this one. This is the comet, and it is hitting water. The odds of anything hitting water are really high on the Earth. That tsunami wave looks very high to me, but I think you could get a tsunami wave that was something like 600 meters high with the size of that object. The running-away part, in general, you're going to have some time before the tsunami hits. As we know from recent events with volcanoes in the middle of the Pacific, it takes a long time for the tsunami to get to wherever it's going. If the impact is upon you, you have no warning. The only way that happens is if we haven't tracked it. And the only way that happens is if we're not looking. And so none of those things are happening. You wouldn't have this level of water coming inland as far as I think this is. So even if the impact had happened very close to shore, the depths of the water would be less, so the wave would be lower. This is completely ... no. I would probably head for the middle of a continent if I knew it was going to hit water. "Deep Impact," for realism, I'd give it a 1 out of 10. Why does the ephemeris keep getting lower and lower? Professor Mindy? So, this is really good. I like this aspect of it, is we're going to run through the numbers and we're going to do the calculations from first principles. 0.0 means we're getting close to the Earth. That doesn't mean it's going to hit, 'cause 0.05 AU is still farther away than the moon. The way we currently check for things that might be potentially hazardous is when we do these calculations, we work out, well, if it's going to be closer than 0.05 AU from the Earth, then we call it potentially hazardous. There's a good chance it'll never hit. So his worry is probably not unfounded. It happens several times a year that you'll get something at this 0.05 or less. But generally, the sizes of the objects are only a few meters or tens of meters across. This particular size comet would not completely decimate. It would not take out the Earth. It would destroy it, but it wouldn't break it apart. It would make it a mess, but it wouldn't even wobble it off its orbit. I think they said it's, like, 10 to 15 miles across. Even the moon-forming event, which was a Mars-sized object smacking into the Earth, did not destroy the Earth. The probability of something the size of what these things show actually hitting is so infinitesimally small at this point, because the solar system has evolved over time. So don't be afraid. We're doing a really good job of tracking things. We have a much better handle on how we look out in space. Thanks so much for watching. If you enjoyed this video, click on the one above.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshufo9959 [1 likes]: Are you telling me that Armageddon LIED to me?! 😮
  2. @SankeeN4 [1 likes]: 😂 10:55  Honest .. if it's too big it doesn't matter 😂 damn
  3. @LucaDarioBützberger: I wish there would be an movie featuring an impact that is based on real physics. An impact that looks and behaves realistic. Like the black hole from interstellar. I want these things designed by scientists, not clueless directors.
  4. @carllazo: All of it is for the sake of the plot guys!
  5. @brimstone699: 6:35 This is wrong. Thermal radiation is transmitted at the speed of light. It would be instantaneous to the human brain and not take a minute. How disappointing considering it’s a basic concept.
  6. @lovesdbdkiller: I dislike this video for not showing movie titles to each review
  7. @Red_LegionCT857: Id love to see her reaction to the first asteroid now because she points out the green gas or cloud around it as unrealistic. Obviously we now know from 3iatlas that something similar can happen
  8. @WrecklessEating: Would......
  9. @trevorlambert4226: In defence of Deep Impact regarding knowing where the comet was going to impact, they did hit it with nuclear missiles very soon before impact, so they couldn't predict the impact location until after that. Of course, that raises the question why couldn't they have launched the missiles much earlier? Probably no good reason, other than for dramatic effect.
  10. @joaom2057: 1000km across' its not even an asteroid but a dwarf planet. Also could not have that shape because of hydroestatic equilibrium.
  11. @陈欣-f4n: We all know Santa is not real.
  12. @markbrock30: I can imagine this lady explaing all this to Michael Bay and him responding "shut the f**k up" 😅😅
  13. @cortb164: Madam thanks for looking out for us... mankind
  14. @prof4z296: 1/10 for Deep Impact and 6/10 for Don't Look Up? I feel like you were letting movie story messaging alter the rating.
  15. @emmettjoyce3100: i’m an animation major with an asteroid impact in my thesis film, and i’ve spent a lot of time trying to make it mostly realistic. people keep telling me no one will no if it’s inaccurate and i’m wasting my time. i’m showing this to prove them wrong.
  16. @machtmer: “Generally, they’re just rocks.” Implying what, exactly? Sometimes they ARE actually spaceships?? I don’t know whether to laugh or be terrified. 😅
  17. @theservantofdarkness3557: Get someone who knows what they are talking about next time. She's good for trivia but very bad with the actual physics and ballistics. There is a reason Deep Impact is considered in academic circles as the most scientifically accurate portrayal of a large impactor; it's because it IS the most realistic portrayal of one. To rate it 1/10 on a scientific basis is just... Lol. This lady knows nothing of the physics of megatsunamis and rim wave formation/wave trains or even the behavior of water in a large impact scenario in general, and her assertions are in direct contradiction with scientific consensus of deduced (and even directly observed) impact physics. Her whole analysis is just.... no. 
Wave height is absolutely realistic for a 2.5 km impactor, which would generate tsunami waves that would remain 500 meters high out to 1,000 km from the epicenter of the impact. "Coastal" inundation would inundate elevations as high as 300 meters, which would equate to hundreds of miles inland for many areas. This is especially true for coastal areas close to the epicenter, but would even be true for coasts on the other side of the globe. Come on now.
She then goes on to say that Leonardo DiCaprio's initial concern is warranted for an object passing "within 0.05 AU", which is a distance equivalent to over 1,100 Earth radii, or nearly 5 million miles. She's probably part of the Apophis/3I Atlas doomsday crowd lol
  18. @SankeeN4: 13:11 generally 😂
  19. @BradVaden-h4t: Wait so Bruce Willis wasn't on the astroid?
  20. @jjrod80: Hold up, so Armageddon is complete bullshit??? 😂

- Interpreter Breaks Down How Real-Time Translation Works | WIRED: Kind: captions Language: es Estos dos diplomáticos están por comenzar una negociación. Él es de un país hispanohablante sin especificar. -Hola Ella es de un país anglófono -Hello Y estos son intérpretes reales. Y yo soy Barry Slaughter Olsen. Intérprete de conferencias con 25 años de experiencia... ...interpretando para diplomáticos y líderes mundiales... ...en sedes como la ONU. Cuando pensamos en intérpretes... ...quizá esto sea lo primero que nos venga a la mente. Personas en cabinas insonorizadas... ...interpretando en tiempo real para funcionarios de gobierno. Sin embargo, los intérpretes generalmente tienen que trabajar... ...en reuniones privadas a puerta cerrada. Esta interpretación se conoce como bilateral. Quienes hayan escuchado acerca de las reuniones entre Trump y Putin... ...saben que realmente hay algunas reuniones con un número limitado de personas en la sala. Esas personas deben mantener la confidencialidad. Esta es una demostración de lo que suele suceder... ...en estas reuniones a puerta cerrada. -¿Comenzamos? -Shall we begin? De hecho, se inicia antes de que las partes lleguen. Generalmente, los términos se acuerdan antes de la reunión. Los órdenes del día se negocian y delimitan cuidadosamente. Comprenden desde la reducción de armas... ...y la cooperación económica, hasta los derechos del agua. Para empezar, basta contar con un tema factible... ...como la pesca del atún que no afecte a delfines. Primero, los intérpretes se posicionan. Podría suponerse que se sientan en medio para poder escuchar bien... ...¿cierto? Sin embargo, cuando hay prensa en las reuniones... ...no buscan ser el centro de atención ni aparecer en las fotos mediáticas. ¿Notan que están en los costados? Así pueden cortar la foto para su posterior publicación. Aunque no siempre funciona. Por ello, antes de comenzar la reunión.... ...se deben tomar ciertas decisiones. ¿Se permitirá grabar? ¿Habrá un registro de la reunión? ¿Quiénes asistirán? Esta es una reunión bilateral a puerta cerrada... ...y solo incluirá a estos cuatro. Existen dos estilos de interpretación... ...y son simultánea y consecutiva. La consecutiva es el estilo de interpretación más común... ...en entornos diplomáticos. Por ejemplo,... -It's been a while since I've been here, I'm so excited to be back. -Thank you for having me. Entonces... -Desde hace bastante tiempo que no venía. -Así que muchísimas gracias por recibirme nuevamente. El intérprete espera a que el orador se detenga. -Estamos muy agradecidos de poder colaborar nuevamente con el gobierno de su país. Y ahí interpreta. -We're very happy to be able to collaborate again with the government of your country. Es sencillo, pero... ...¿qué pasa si el orador habla sin parar? Estamos muy agradecidos de poder volver a colaborar con ustedes... Rara vez se interpreta palabra por palabra. Más bien, los intérpretes recordamos ideas específicas... ...y las traducimos según corresponda. Cuando el orador habla sin parar.... ...los intérpretes se basan en la toma de notas. We want to authorize the use of the Dolphin Friendly Label... ...by your country's tuna processors. Estos símbolos representan las ideas de la oradora. ...the use of authorized equipment and fishing practices. Cada intérprete tiene su propio estilo. Observen a estos tres intérpretes tomar notas de la misma oración. -We want to authorize the use -But we must have a reliable way to verify... ...the use of authorized equipment and fishing practices. Generalmente, los símbolos se crean de antemano. Como pueden ver en el acordeón de Katty... ...ella anticipó a detalle los símbolos más útiles para la reunión. DFL representa <i>Dolphin Friendly Label</i>. TU en un recuadro representa la captura del atún. Y así sucesivamente. Ahora veamos la interpretación de Katty al español. -Queremos autorizar el uso... ...de la etiqueta de Dolphin Friendly... ...para los procesadores de pescado de su país. -Pero necesitamos poder verificar... ...que estén utilizando equipos y técnicas de pesca adecuadas. Ahora cambiemos a la interpretación simultánea. En la simultánea generalmente se usan... ...audífonos y micrófonos. Los intérpretes trabajan desde una cabina insonorizada. En esta demostración no habrá equipo. Cuando estamos al lado del orador, como es este caso... ...empleamos el llamado <i>chuchotage.</i> Que en francés significa susurrar. -Considerar otro tipo de medidas para... -To at least consider other types of measures... En general, esto no es ideal. Susurrar prolongadamente daña las cuerdas vocales. También puede ser difícil escuchar debido al ruido ambiental. Por ejemplo, de la ventilación. Ahora hablemos del ritmo. En la simultánea, se trata de mantener una ''distancia'' óptima respecto al orador. Lo que se conoce como <i>décalage</i>... ...o lapso entre la escucha y la transmisión del mensaje. Le llamaremos EVS. Cuando un diplomático empieza a hablar... -Nosotros entendemos... ...la persona usando <i>chuchotage</i>... ...probablemente empezaría ahora... -...de su país y por eso... -I understand perfectly the preferences of... -...nos reunimos para encontrar una solución... -...consumers in your country. -...que sea aceptable para más partes. -And that is why we are coming together... -...to identify... ...incluso si el orador habla entre 100 y 110 palabras por minuto. Según las investigaciones, esa es la velocidad óptima para interpretar. Aun así, el intérprete debe descifrar el EVS óptimo. Hay un problema. Si hay una gran distancia entre el discurso del orador y el de la intérprete... -De los consumidores de su país y por eso también queremos reunirnos... -...con ustedes para concretar una solución que sea aceptable... -We, the preferences of your... ...la intérprete tendrá que retener más información en su memoria de corto plazo. Se escucha y procesa mientras se interpreta. Es mucho. -Is... high quality dolphin. Dolphin? Sin embargo, si hay muy poca distancia... ...puede haber errores gramaticales, sintácticos, y estilísticos. -Las preferencias de, el... -The preferences... -Entendemos que las preferencias... -...of the. Uhm. We understand that... -...de los consumidores de su país... -The preferences of the preferences of the... -...y por eso... -...country of yours and... -...that is... -What are you talking about? Además, los intérpretes sufren de fatiga y desgaste. La fatiga comienza tras media hora de interpretar de corrido. Por ello, los intérpretes simultáneos cambian cada 30 minutos o menos. Si los intérpretes se esfuerzan de más, pueden sufrir. Quizá recuerden el incidente de 2009. El intérprete de Moamer Kadhafi colapsó en la ONU... ...tras interpretar simultáneamente durante más de 75 minutos. ¿Y qué sucede si la conversación se vuelve emotiva? ¿O si el orador es descortés? -Well, my friend, I've listened to what you have to say... -...and the only conclusion I can come up with... -...is that you are a damn fool! Los intérpretes no deben ser mediadores. Nuestra única labor es transmitir verazmente el mensaje del orador. Si alguien es descortés o se molesta... ...o llega a amenazar... ...debemos interpretar verazmente esas amenazas. En este caso, la intérprete no diría... -Y la única conclusión a la cual puedo llegar... -...es que usted ha sido un poquitito imprudente. Ahora el ejemplo de una interpretación veraz. -...es que usted es un perfecto idiota. Aunque el orador se vuelva emotivo o gesticule... ...el intérprete no se conducirá como el orador. Así no se hace... -Pero cómo me puedes hacer esto a mí, yo pensé que éramos amigos. -But how could you do this to me? I thought we were friends. Esto es más apegado a la realidad... Con la situación así de acalorada... ...quizá serviría contar un chiste para levantar el ánimo. Interpretar chistes es de lo más difícil... ...porque fácilmente se pierde el matiz en la traducción. -What did one dolphin say to the other after splashing him? -You did that on porpoise! Este chiste apenas tiene sentido en inglés... ...y en español no funciona en absoluto. <i>Porpoise</i> es marsopa... ...y <i>purpose</i> es propósito. -¿Qué le dijo un delfín al otro después de salpicarlo? -Usted eso lo hizo encima de la marsopa. Es un juego de palabras sin traducción. -No entiendo Los intentos humorísticos por lo general se pierden. El intérprete tiene pocas opciones. Hay una anécdota sobre un intérprete que... ...al no contar con la traducción del chiste... ...simplemente dijo... -Oiga, su colega acaba de contar un chiste... -...que resulta totalmente intraducible, así que ríase por favor. -Eso estuvo bueno, eso estuvo bueno. -That was a good one! That was a good one. Lo que hoy vimos es, por supuesto,... ...un pequeño extracto... ...de negociaciones más arduas y prolongadas. Así concluye nuestra reunión bilateral a puerta cerrada. Esta labor es rigurosa. Hay que malabarear cada cosa por hacer... ...para interpretar bien y verazmente. Este trabajo es importante... ...porque facilita la comunicación... ...entre países y entre pueblos. Llevo 25 años en esto... ...y no lo cambiaría por nada del mundo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @randomstu11s [1 likes]: Translating the laugh
  2. @ربيعةسدود-ظ7ذ: ❤
  3. @DNflowcast: I'm starting now a new carrear as interpreter and I note that this is not easy 😂
  4. @AnonymousAnonymo: It's 2026. Dude's managing a McDonalds.
  5. @Sasha_cnet: Yeah I will never be an interpreter
  6. @TBT.Stories: i can't wait for every important person to be able to speak english... come on people... most of them already understood you without the translator
  7. @isisd: My adhd COULD NEVER I would be lost in the first phrase
  8. @melyzasuarez7250: Very interesting video!! Thank you so much to people in it. Very enjoyable!
  9. @franklinmejiaflores6810: 6:45 im dying
  10. @wanjockwai: 尹作為
  11. @Zerpersande: My wife is an interpreter. And because we live in a country that is not my native tongue ‘interpretation’ is very close to me. And I have told her…

Simultaneous translation seems like true magic. I just don’t understand how she does it. She doesn’t call it ‘whispering’ but instead ‘shadowing’.
  12. @Hannah-nh5gf: This looks so hard
  13. @a6dou7: Did anyone ever thought how they don’t even need two Interpreters?🤔
  14. @AbdurazzoqRaxmonqulov: Imagine, pen can't write anything ☠️
  15. @stanleynweke9931: It's weird
  16. @onyekagideonikeh6708: I just watched what I don't have business with
  17. @the1floofyboi: I want Donald Trump's interpreter to be interviewed and genuinely try to make sense of his incoherence
  18. @Khôi0553-NguyễnĐức: this is so funny at many levels
  19. @gabrielcortesg: Nice educated chilean accent
  20. @sheilalingeza9632: I would be so stressed 😂😂😂as an interpreter

- Cuts & Transitions 101: Kind: captions Language: en-US The most basic edit you can do is the cut. Which is simply going from one shot to another. Changing perspective. Advancing the story. Now I'm gonna be showing you a series of examples that help illustrate the types of cuts that I'm about to mention. A lot of these cuts are so common and feel so natural that you don't even think about it. Whoa what the... what the fuck happened there? Doesn't matter. You can do whatever you want. But if you want to make your cuts a little less jarring, let's begin with the technique that's used all the time... Cutting on action. Now all this means is cutting from one shot to another while the subject is still in motion. It doesn't always have to be on a punch... or a kick... it could be something a simple as a character turning. Or throwing something... or a character going through a door... or another door.... or ANOTHER door. BOND "I'm through." Then there's the cutaway, which I can best describe as cutting to an insert shot of something, and then back. The insert could exist in the same space as the characters... like this. GEORGE BAILEY You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down! Hey, that's a pretty good idea. [WEREWOLF GROANING] Or you can use a cutaway to get inside the head of a character. Crosscutting. This is when the editor intercuts cuts back and forth between locations. For example, most phone conversations are usually cross cut and when used effectively, crosscutting can certainly amp up the tension and suspense of a sequence. [TENSE MUSIC] This technique is also used to show what's going on inside the character's head. Jump cuts are when the editor cuts between the SAME shot. And they are often used to deliberately show the passing of time. And that looks like this. So you can naturally find these in montages. Here are a few examples. Jump cuts are also used to add a level of urgency to the scene. And there's a LOT of jump cuts in baseball. Now let's move on to the match cut. Match cuts look like this: Match cuts are often incorrectly referred to as jump cuts... however, there is a difference. A match cut cuts from one shot to a similar shot, by either matching the action... ...or the composition. Match cuts are mainly used as scene transitions, because you're often JUMPING... from one place to another. Which is most likely why there's confusion on the matter. Match cuts don't always have to be visual either. There's also a verbal match cuts, like this: UMPIRE That looks just like an enormous-- TEACHER Wang! Pay attention! WANG I was distracted... by that enormous, flying-- GUITARIST Willy! What's that? WILLY NELSON Well it looks like a giant-- ADMIRAL: Johnson! JOHNSON: Yes, sir!! Now let's move on to transitions, starting off with fade in, fade out. We've seen this a thousand times, and it's just dissolving either to, or from, black. Pretty self explanatory. Now, a dissolve is when you blend one shot into another, and that could look something like this... These are commonly used in montages as well, and also can represent a passing of time. SMASH CUT!!! Smash cuts are abrupt transitions. The obvious example is someone waking up from an intense dream, or a nightmare. Going from something intense... to quiet. Or quiet to intense. MR. PINK Everyone started shooting, so I blasted my way out of there. [SIRENS & SCREAMING] [LOUD CAROUSEL MUSIC] [RUG SNAPS] Another transition is the iris. Now the iris used to be an in-camera effect back in the day, when you could manually open and close your iris to transition from black. Nowadays, it's used as a stylistic choice. And a lot of these transitions you may often find within a scene. Some other transitions include... the wipe. And a wipe is a wipe... look at that. It wiped. Oh look, there's another. Ok, moving on. Oh, no... there's more wipes? Oh. There are many types of wipes. Then, there's the invisible cut. Invisible cuts are used to give the impression of a single take, however cuts are hidden in blackness, like in Hitchcock's "Rope" Or Evil Dead 2. And, most recently, "Birdman." Cuts are also hidden within whip-pans, where you can hide the cut on the motion of the camera movement. An editor might also hide a cut with an object crossing the frame. Or you can hide a cut when the subject leaves the frame. This is my favorite example, because it's pretty seamless unless you know what you're looking for. Just like any good magic trick. So there is an invisible cut hidden right... here. This shot was cleverly designed to make it appear as if Paul Newman was actually doing those card tricks. But really... he can't. Now let's move on to something else. The L Cut is an audio-based transition. [MAN SINGING TERRIBLY] This is when the audio from the current shot carries over to the next shot. [PAINED SCREAMING] [DISTANT PAINED SCREAMING] [EVEN MORE DISTANT SCREAMING] Now keep in mind, this doesn't have to just be for scene transitions. This is used all the time, even when characters are just talking to each other. QUINT Hooper!! Full throttle!! HOOPER: I don't have to take this abuse much longer! SGT HARTMAN They don't serve fried chicken and watermelon on a daily basis in my mess hall! PVT SNOWBALL Sir, yes, sir! PVT JOKER Is that you, John Wayne? Is this me? The J Cut is when the audio from the next scene starts BEFORE you get to it. [SOUNDS OF CHILDREN YELLING FADE IN] [CHILDREN YELLING] YOUNG JOEL I can't, I gotta go home! So you hear what's going on, before you see what's going on. [OCEAN WAVES CRASHING] These are very subtle editing techniques that people might not even notice, and that's the point. The J Cut and the L Cut are designed to specifically create a seamless flow... a seamless transition... from one scene to another, with audio guiding the way. (DENNY) Hey Gordie, I got somethin for ya. DENNY This, my friend, is for you. HENRY (V.O.) That's all it is, they're like the police department for wise guys. [SOUND OF GLASS SHATTERING] The J Cut is also great for revealing a new element within the scene. [PIANO NOTES PLAY] JOSH Neat!! Once you know all the types of cuts available to you, then you can start mixing & matching them. "The Graduate" does this match cut... ... into a J Cut. (MR. BRADDOCK) Ben, what are you doing? Or, there is the Match J Cut. [BATHTUB SPLASHES] (TYLER DURDEN) If you could fight anyone, who would you fight? NARRATOR Fight my boss, probably. And here is a verbal match J cut: LITTLE BOY And the lion goes... (MAN) Roaaaarrr. Here is a cross-cutting cutaway. "Mad Max" does this cutaway jump cut. Let's just take a look at that one again. They cut from Max... to his vision... cut back... and they jump cut the impact to really sell the hit. Here it is again at full speed. Here's a jump cut / cross cut / smash cut. "Gladiator" has a great cross cutting / match cut thing going on in this sequence. "The Green Mile" also has a great match / cross cutting sequence. Then there's the match / dissolve. And here's another example. "Saving Private Ryan" does this morph... match... thing... So that's about it. Now you know the kinds of cuts and transitions you can use. Next is to ask yourself when and why you would use them for telling your story. And I am sure I've left out plenty of other great examples, so I encourage you to share some of your favorite cuts in the comments below. share some of your work in our forums, and if you're curious about which movie that clip was from, just turn on Closed Captioning. Okay. That's enough. I'll talk to ya next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @annd5165 [1 likes]: Bro this was soooo useful thank you for this video
  2. @BabbeVerstraete-qu3xc [1 likes]: the cut on my arm
  3. @YupItsShadow99 [1 likes]: @0:29 Cutting on Action
@0:58 Cut away
@1:30 Cross Cutting
@2:13 Jump Cuts
@3:00 Match Cut
@3:55 Fade In Fade Out
  4. @KitSchwerdtfeger: Amazingly well done video
  5. @CoRewiewers: cool😂
  6. @odododo-x3o: This is enjoyable ❤❤❤your the best❤❤❤❤❤much love ❤❤❤❤
  7. @itoroudokang8275: Watching in 2026 please gather here
  8. @cryllys4329: When I tell you this has been more informative then a textbook I paid god knows how much for... thank u
  9. @vaughngaminghd: Sound out 4:24 – 4:54
  10. @Shalu-w2k: Hii anna
  11. @TheExtraQueen: You're a GENIUS! I swear!
  12. @MohitGoswami-IN: Cuts-
0:29 Cutting on Action (One shot to another while subject is in Motion)
0:58 Cutaway (Cut into an insert shot and back) (or to get inside of mind of character)
1:30 Crosscut (Intercut between locations) (most phone scene ,and for suspense , and also inside of head too)
2:13 Jumpcut (Cut between the same shot to deliberately show the passing of time) (to add urgenecy too)
2:59 Match Cut (Cut from one shot to a similar shot by matching the action or composition ) (dissolve) (passing of time)
3:38 Verbal Match Cut (Match cut by dialogue)()
Transitions -
3:53 Fade In/Out (Dissolving to/from a colour)
4:04 Dissolve (Blend one shot into another)
4:55 Smash Cut (Abrupt transition)
5:33 Iris (Old cameras close their iris manually to achieve such the transition)
5:57 Wipe (Literally "wiping" the scene, replacing with another scene)
6:13 Invisible Cut (Impression of a single tick, but the cuts are not easily spotted)
Audio Transitions
7:25 L-Cut (Audio of current shot carries on to the next shot)
8:01 J-Cut (Audio of the next scene starts before the Visuals)
  13. @Bombaclop: this might be the greatest video of all time.
  14. @naeemverse007: Best tutorial in YouTube 🔥
  15. @Intothewild49: the jump cut is my fav! you can hardly anticipate next shot😂
  16. @justinriestra: Super informative, helpful, and creative. Ty!
  17. @adebolabball: Willy, Wang & Johnson sounds like it should be a hilarious short film
  18. @sumithyoutube4125: anyone in November 2025
  19. @Faiso-l8f: لو حد بيتكلم لغه عربيه يخش يتابعني
  20. @memowilliam9889: Three years later. 

Unless you're the director, YOU as the writer need to write very few TRANSITIONS. 

In fact, CUT TO is implied in the action. The only time you need to include CUT TO is if there is an identifiable change in the location or time. Otherwise, you're cluttering your script. However, if the story absolutely requires a specific CUT to tell the story properly then include it.

Your action should be succinct but definitive. A director is directing your script in his head, as he reads your script; if he is a good director and you are a good writer.

All these other transitions are cool. They should be learned and understood. However, these transitions belong to the director's artistic decision. He will note it in the shot list.

- Telling Stories with Data in 3 Steps (Quick Study): Kind: captions Language: en SCOTT BERINATO: With data. Everybody's doing it, right? You're not doing it? You should be doing it. You've been told you should be doing it. Storytelling with data is the big thing. [MUSIC PLAYING] Well, it turns out you should be doing storytelling with data, but it's a lot easier than you probably think it is. Once you know the three elements of a story, setup, conflict, resolution, you can start telling stories with your data. Setup conflict resolution. Every story ever told from the beginning of time follows this structure. It's really that simple. Setup. Charlie Brown runs toward the ball. Conflict. Lucy takes the ball away at the last second. Resolution? Ah! And a setup is just some reality. And by reality, we just mean a situation. It could be fictional, but it's a reality you've created for the story. And then you have conflict, which has changed that reality. Without change, there is no story. You just have a bored audience. The resolution is just the new reality that the change creates. So with that in place, we can now take a chart, and we're going to break it down, pull it apart, find the stories in it, find the setups, the conflicts, the resolutions, and we're going to rebuild it as a storytelling device. OK. Now we're back with a chart. This is Global Real Home Price Index. The index is 100 and you see a bunch of lines for countries. There's a gray line in there. That's the aggregate as well. This chart is really showing home prices in a lot of different places in the world, and that's where I'm starting. So, I want to find the stories in here. And the first thing I start to notice, really, are a couple of things. I obviously noticed that big hump on the green line there. That's Japan. And I noticed that point where everything comes together. To me, that immediately says those are probably two places where there's conflict, but I realized something as I'm looking at this, and I'm glad I did, because otherwise, I would have had the wrong story. And that is that these home prices are indexed to 2005. So, the fact they come together there at 2005 doesn't mean the prices came together. That just means those are the dollars that the people who made the chart used to show the change in house prices over time. So, there's really no conflict there. And in fact, I think that's my setup. That's where we start, because that's where they started. I can still tell those two stories on the left and on the right, but I start there instead of at the beginning of the chart. I can look backward and say, home prices rose steadily in most places in the world for 30 years except for in Japan, which experienced a three decade long bubble, and that is a perfectly good story. The setup is home prices rose steadily in most places, except in Japan, which is the conflict. And the resolution? It experienced this 30 year bubble. And then working from 2005 to the right, I have another story, which is that there was a smaller house bubble, housing price bubble in most places except Japan. So now, the story has flipped, but something different happened this time, and that is that the market's bifurcated. And you ended up with three markets, Australia, Canada, and New Zealand rising again, looking much like a bubble, and the rest falling and then rising back to about 2005 levels. So, I've really started to see a couple of stories emerge here. One, both starting in 2005, because that's where our prices start, and one sort of working backward in time, and one working forward in time. OK, so I'm going to spare you most of my sketching because it's so messy and chaotic, it probably would just give you a headache. But I did a bunch of sketching, and I arrived at these final charts. And I've split the chart up into a couple of states. It really helps your audience focus. So, here's my setup. You can see it. Prices rose steadily in most places in the world. I try to use my titles to actually reflect the story and hear. The steady increase reflects that setup. Instead of just using a generic title about global real home prices, which is boring and not helpful, the title can really do some work for me here. And then, I want to add the conflict and resolution state, too. There it is. You can see we've added Japan, Except in Japan in the title, and that conflict and resolution becomes clear that Japan was this bubble that lasted 30 years that was different than everywhere else. And you can see as I present this, it almost looks seamless, as if I'm just showing you one chart that changes state. So then I'm just going to repeat this process for going forward. And you see here, I've included my setup, conflict, and resolution altogether in one state. You see that little bubble and then you see the bifurcation of the market. But the most important thing is, I've really highlighted the elements of the story in both cases and nothing else. I've left out any information that might distract from telling that story. I've not focused on anything that doesn't matter to telling that simple story of setup, conflict, and resolution. Narrative is the most powerful, most human tool we have to communicate. If you can apply storytelling to your data, it creates an emotional connection with the audience. They're not only going to believe what you show them, they're going to feel it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bradsmith25 [514 likes]: i like the way you simplified data storytelling into setup, conflict, and resolution. it’s a really helpful way to move from just showing charts to actually explaining what changed and why it matters.

something similar clicked for me when learning in high bridge academy’s business excellence bootcamp. we practiced using ai to analyze charts, surface the key insight, and then structure the message so the slide actually tells the story.

when the narrative is clear, the data becomes much easier for people to understand and act on.
  2. @danieltkach2330 [22 likes]: "If you can apply story-telling to your data, it creates an emotional connection with the audience, they are not only going to believe what you are showing them, they are going to feel it". -Scott Berinato
  3. @alexjung111 [6 likes]: Is "Setup. Conflict. Resolution" the same as Hegel's "Thesis. Antithesis. Synthesis"
  4. @EmyRoseBejo-m7v: Keeping track of all your online reviews can get tricky. Using HiFive Star makes it easier to monitor and respond quickly across sites. That way, your business reputation stays strong without extra stress.
  5. @No_name_channel-c5f: so cool
  6. @LuuChanh-e8r: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  7. @NguThắng-c5l: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  8. @RollingInTheClouds: What app did you use to create this video
  9. @yuvrajjha: This is a really helpful video. I am a speculative designer but never had such a simple explanation to storytelling with data.
  10. @ReidL1396: Thank you so much! Truly appreciate how easy you made this presentation! God Bless!
  11. @Scoop-Analytics: Fantastic breakdown 👍👍👍
  12. @fankoni12: very usefull
  13. @Hgvcy: thanks for the easy-to-understand explanation
  14. @SaimirFrashëri-k5s: Your video saved me so much time, thank you! ??
  15. @poguy: that's just because it a base period at 2005, so if you change base period to 2000, then 2000 become the conflict?
  16. @EleazarCodes: setup, conflict, Resolution 


setup is the reality 
conflict is the change 
resolution is the new reality caused by the conflict
  17. @Noahtheanalyst: Such a good explanation 🔥 I just posted a full summary of Storytelling With Data, showing how to make data visuals actually speak
https://youtu.be/g4IxcYL1H4Q
  18. @datascientistravie: If it's unbalanced dataset then how do someone present data ..take this example as well.
  19. @WorldinFiguresOfficial: This is like the secret sauce for making my spreadsheets less boring 😂 Thx!
  20. @m33173: Great info. I thought you should use data instead of long narrative to simplify info to the audience, but it turns out data with some narratives make great stories.

- A Beginners Guide To The Data Analysis Process: Kind: captions Language: en Hi my name is Will and i'm going to give&nbsp;&nbsp; you a step-by-step guide to the&nbsp; data analysis process, let's go! in this video we're going to go through the five&nbsp; key stages of the data analysis process we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to give you an overview and an introduction&nbsp; to each of these stages as well as looking at some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the tools you'll use to undertake these stages&nbsp; so let's dive into step one defining the question&nbsp;&nbsp; the first step in your data analysis process&nbsp; or any data analysis process is to define your&nbsp;&nbsp; objective in data analytics terms this is called&nbsp; the problem statement defining your objective&nbsp;&nbsp; means coming up with a hypothesis and figuring&nbsp; out how exactly to test it you can start by asking&nbsp;&nbsp; what business problem am i trying to solve now i&nbsp; know this might sound straightforward but it can&nbsp;&nbsp; actually be trickier than it seems for instance&nbsp; your organization's senior management might pose a&nbsp;&nbsp; question such as why are we losing customers it's&nbsp; possible though that this doesn't get to the core&nbsp;&nbsp; of the problem a data analyst job is to understand&nbsp; the business and the business's goals as a data&nbsp;&nbsp; analyst you need to understand this in enough&nbsp; depth that they can frame the problem the right&nbsp;&nbsp; way to give you a practical example let's say you&nbsp; work for a fictional company for example we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; call it top notch learning this fictional company&nbsp; top notch creates custom training software for its&nbsp;&nbsp; clients in this example top notch is excellent&nbsp; at securing new clients but unfortunately top&nbsp;&nbsp; notch has much lower repeat business as such as a&nbsp; data analyst your question might not be why are we&nbsp;&nbsp; losing customers but which factors are negatively&nbsp; impacting the customer experience or even better&nbsp;&nbsp; yet how can we boost customer retention whilst&nbsp; minimizing costs now you've identified the problem&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to find which data is going to help&nbsp; you solve this issue this is where your business&nbsp;&nbsp; acronym comes in again for instance perhaps&nbsp; you've noticed that the sales pipeline for new&nbsp;&nbsp; customers is very slick but the production team&nbsp; is extremely inefficient knowing this you could&nbsp;&nbsp; hypothesize the sales process actually wins a lot&nbsp; of new clients but the customer experience well&nbsp;&nbsp; it's kind of lacking could this be the reason that&nbsp; customers aren't coming back what sources of data&nbsp;&nbsp; will help you answer this question as a data&nbsp; analyst considering all these things will help&nbsp;&nbsp; you define the question and help you solve the&nbsp; problem at hand there's also a number of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help you define your objective defining&nbsp; your objective is mostly about soft skills so&nbsp;&nbsp; business knowledge and lateral thinking but you'll&nbsp; also need to consider business metrics and key&nbsp;&nbsp; performance indicators and these are called KPIs&nbsp; monthly reports can help you track problem points&nbsp;&nbsp; in the business there are lots of tools out there&nbsp; on the market that can analyze this business data&nbsp;&nbsp; tools like Databox and DashaRoo there's also free&nbsp; open source software like Grafana freeboard and&nbsp;&nbsp; Dashbuilder these are fantastic for producing&nbsp; simple dashboards both at the beginning and at&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of the data analysis process so that was&nbsp; step one defining the objective onto step two step&nbsp;&nbsp; two collecting the data once you've established&nbsp; your objective you'll need to create a strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for collecting and aggregating the appropriate&nbsp; data a key part of this is determining which&nbsp;&nbsp; data you need this might be quantitative data or&nbsp; numeric data eg sales figures or monthly reports&nbsp;&nbsp; or qualitative descriptive data such as customer&nbsp; reviews all of this data fits into one of three&nbsp;&nbsp; categories first party second party and third&nbsp; party data let's explore each one briefly now&nbsp;&nbsp; what is first party data first party data is data&nbsp; that you or your company has directly collected&nbsp;&nbsp; from customers it might for example come in the&nbsp; form of transactional tracking data or information&nbsp;&nbsp; from your customer relationship management&nbsp; system your CRM system whatever it source&nbsp;&nbsp; first party data is usually collected in a clear&nbsp; and structured way other sources of first party&nbsp;&nbsp; data might include customer satisfaction surveys&nbsp; focus groups interviews or direct observation&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about second party data to enrich your&nbsp; analysis you might want to secure a secondary data&nbsp;&nbsp; source second party data is simply the first&nbsp; party data of other organizations this might&nbsp;&nbsp; be available directly from the company or from&nbsp; private marketplace the main benefit of second&nbsp;&nbsp; party data is that it's usually structured&nbsp; and although it's less relevant than first&nbsp;&nbsp; party data it tends to be reliable examples of&nbsp; second party data include website app or social&nbsp;&nbsp; media activity like online purchase history or&nbsp; shipping data so lastly what is third-party data&nbsp;&nbsp; third-party data is data that has been collected&nbsp; and aggregated from numerous sources from a third&nbsp;&nbsp; party often but not always third-party data&nbsp; contains a lot of unstructured data or big data&nbsp;&nbsp; many organizations collect this big data to create&nbsp; industry reports or to conduct market research the&nbsp;&nbsp; research and advisory firm Gartner is a good real&nbsp; world example of an organization that collects big&nbsp;&nbsp; data and then sells it on to other companies open&nbsp; data repositories and government portals are also&nbsp;&nbsp; sources of third third-party data let's take&nbsp; a moment to look at some of the tools that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can use to collect data once you've devised this&nbsp; data strategy ie you've identified what data you&nbsp;&nbsp; need and how best to go about collecting it there&nbsp; are many tools that you can use to help you one&nbsp;&nbsp; thing you'll need regardless of industry or area&nbsp; of expertise is a data management platform or DMP&nbsp;&nbsp; a DMP is a piece of software which allows you to&nbsp; identify and aggregate data from numerous sources&nbsp;&nbsp; before they're manipulating them segmenting them&nbsp; and so on there are many DMPs available some&nbsp;&nbsp; well-known enterprise DMPs include salesforce DMP,&nbsp; SAAS and the data integration platform Xplenty if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to play around you can also try some open&nbsp; source platforms like Pymcore or Dswarm on to step&nbsp;&nbsp; three cleaning the data once you've collected your&nbsp; data the next step is to get it ready for analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; this means cleaning or scrubbing it and this is&nbsp; crucial to make sure that you're working with&nbsp;&nbsp; high quality data key data cleaning tasks include&nbsp; removing major errors duplicates or outliers all&nbsp;&nbsp; of which are problems when you aggregate data&nbsp; from numerous sources removing unwanted data&nbsp;&nbsp; points so extracting irrelevant observations that&nbsp; have no bearing on your intended analysis bringing&nbsp;&nbsp; structure to your data or general housekeeping&nbsp; so for example fixing typos or layout issues&nbsp;&nbsp; which will help you map or manipulate your data&nbsp; more easily and finally it helps filling in major&nbsp;&nbsp; gaps as you're tidying up you might notice that&nbsp; important data is missing once you've identified&nbsp;&nbsp; these gaps you can go about filling them a good&nbsp; data analyst will spend about 70 to 90 of their&nbsp;&nbsp; time cleaning data this might sound excessive but&nbsp; focusing on the wrong data or analyzing error in&nbsp;&nbsp; this data will severely impact your results it&nbsp; might even send you back to square one so whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; you do don't rush this step let's have a look&nbsp; at some of the tools that you can use to clean&nbsp;&nbsp; your data cleaning data manually especially large&nbsp; data sets can be incredibly daunting but luckily&nbsp;&nbsp; there are many tools available to streamline this&nbsp; process open source tools such as open refine are&nbsp;&nbsp; excellent for basic data cleaning as well as high&nbsp; level exploration however free tools offer limited&nbsp;&nbsp; functionality for very large data sets now i know&nbsp; this sounds like a data zoo but python libraries&nbsp;&nbsp; such as pandas and some r packages are better&nbsp; suited to heavy data scrubbing you will of course&nbsp;&nbsp; need to be savvy with languages alternatively&nbsp; enterprise tools are also available for example&nbsp;&nbsp; data ladder which is one of the highest rated data&nbsp; matching tools in the industry there are many more&nbsp;&nbsp; why don't you see which data cleaning tools you&nbsp; can find online share your free tools in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments below so that was step three cleaning&nbsp; the data on to step four analyzing that data&nbsp;&nbsp; finally once you've cleaned your data now comes&nbsp; the fun bit analyzing it the type of data analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; you conduct largely depends on what your goal is&nbsp; but there are many techniques available univariate&nbsp;&nbsp; or bivariate analysis time series analysis and&nbsp; regression analysis are just a few you might&nbsp;&nbsp; have heard of more important than the different&nbsp; types though is how you apply them this depends&nbsp;&nbsp; on what types of insights you're hoping to gain&nbsp; broadly speaking all types of data analysis fit&nbsp;&nbsp; into the four following categories descriptive&nbsp; analysis which is analysis which identifies what&nbsp;&nbsp; has already happened this is a common first step&nbsp; that companies do before proceeding with deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; explorations diagnostic analysis where the focus&nbsp; is on understanding why something has happened&nbsp;&nbsp; it is literally the diagnosis of a problem just&nbsp; as a doctor uses the symptoms to diagnose the&nbsp;&nbsp; patient's disease predictive analysis which is&nbsp; where you identify future trends by the analysis&nbsp;&nbsp; of historical data predictive analysis is commonly&nbsp; used by businesses to forecast future growth and&nbsp;&nbsp; lastly prescriptive analysis which allows&nbsp; you to make recommendations for the future&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the final step in the analytics part&nbsp; of the process but it's also the most complex&nbsp;&nbsp; this is because it incorporates aspects of all&nbsp; the other analyses that we've described today&nbsp;&nbsp; step 5 sharing your results you've finished&nbsp; carrying out your analyses you have your insights&nbsp;&nbsp; the final step of a data analysis process is to&nbsp; share these insights with the wider world or at&nbsp;&nbsp; least with your organization's stakeholders this&nbsp; is actually more complex than just sharing the raw&nbsp;&nbsp; results of your work it involves interpreting the&nbsp; outcomes and presenting them in a manner which is&nbsp;&nbsp; digestible to everybody that's in the room since&nbsp; you'll also present your work to decision makers&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very important that the insights that you&nbsp; share are 100 clear and also unambiguous for&nbsp;&nbsp; this reason data analysts usually use reports&nbsp; dashboards and interactive visualizations to&nbsp;&nbsp; support their findings how you interpret and&nbsp; present results will often influence the direction&nbsp;&nbsp; of the business depending on what you share&nbsp; your organization might decide to restructure to&nbsp;&nbsp; launch a new product or close an entire division&nbsp; that's why it's very important to present all the&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence that you gathered and not to cherry-pick&nbsp; data ensuring that you cover everything in a clear&nbsp;&nbsp; and concise way will prove that your conclusions&nbsp; are scientifically sound and based on facts on the&nbsp;&nbsp; flip side it's important to highlight any gaps&nbsp; in the data or to flag any insights that might&nbsp;&nbsp; be open to interpretation remember that honest&nbsp; communication is an important part of the process&nbsp;&nbsp; it will help the business but it will also help&nbsp; you to excel at your job there's a ton of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; for interpreting and sharing your findings these&nbsp; tools are suited to different experience levels&nbsp;&nbsp; but popular tools that require no coding skills&nbsp; include Google Charts, Tableau, Datawrapper and&nbsp;&nbsp; Infogram if you're familiar with python and&nbsp; r there are also many data visualization&nbsp;&nbsp; libraries and packages available for instance&nbsp; check out the Python libraries Plotty, Seaborn&nbsp;&nbsp; and Matplotlib whichever data visualization&nbsp; tools you use make sure that you polish up your&nbsp;&nbsp; presentation skills too visualization is great&nbsp; but communication is key so hopefully now you&nbsp;&nbsp; have a better idea of the data analysis process&nbsp; CareerFoundry have an awesome data analytics short&nbsp;&nbsp; course and you can sign up for free by the link in&nbsp; the description thanks for joining us today i hope&nbsp;&nbsp; this video has been helpful here's another video&nbsp; i made about data analytics which is just for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @careerfoundry [41 likes]: Want more Data Analytics content? Subscribe to our channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/careerfoundry?sub_confirmation=1
.
Let us know which area of the data analysis process you’d like a deeper dive on! If you’re interested in getting started in data analytics, CareerFoundry has a free short course to get you started. Sign up here: https://bit.ly/GetStartedInDataAnalytics
  2. @luisarroyo8111 [1 likes]: Great video, thank you!

May I just add a very strong recommendation.

The question problem must be linked to a corporate goal. This is what it would make relevant to have a data analyst in your organisation, when AI is fastly developing.

Corporate goals provide you a corporate direction back-up while building a "disconnected" project is basically following the instructions of  a CEO or a manager (only) who or may (or may not) interested in finding a primary cause/ primary solution.
  3. @ktmidol [1 likes]: Sounds something like I learnt in research.
  4. @eire3073: Do you think at 43 I could start a career as a data analyst? I’ve no previous knowledge or experience. I’m in the uk
  5. @michaelgarsea5460: well i am going to take a data and analysis exam in one hour. This was intrinsic to say at the least!
  6. @k311ydcart3r: Maybe since this video was made PimCore changed: it is not open-source but commercial and very expensive.
  7. @AkivaSkaist: How do you do a whole video on data analysis and not mention power bi?
  8. @EdwardLokari: I believe you deserve more than just thank you ❤
  9. @HazelMaeDaza-w1q: I'm a IT graduate but all i learned before i feel it was disappear😢
  10. @NAHINASAJIB-z9e: My mind is racing, this is incredible!
  11. @TheDot.0nly: Exactly as I need as I was hired as data analysis without experience 😂 im undergraduate in computer science and just try my luck to apply for it🤣😜✌️
  12. @nepal9211: Starting this journey properly in January 2026. I’m coming from a very different background than most “how to become a data analyst” stories. I spent 16 years working in a 5-star hotel across multiple roles — conference & banqueting, housekeeping as a room attendant, front desk on both morning and night teams, and regularly helping in other departments like room service, bar, and restaurant just to understand how the whole operation worked.

Eventually, I became a Night Manager for the last 2.5 years. Those years taught me discipline, accountability, decision-making under pressure, and how systems really behave at 2–4 a.m. when things go wrong and there’s no one else to escalate to. Looking back, I realise I’ve been dealing with data, processes, and patterns for years — just not in a technical or formal way.

I’m also a BSc Computer Science dropout, which I used to see as failure. Life happened, priorities changed, and I stepped away from tech far longer than I ever intended. Recently, I made the decision to leave full-time management and work through agency roles instead, so I could control my hours and finally invest serious time into rebuilding my technical skills.

I’ve restarted both the Google Data Analytics and IBM Data Analytics courses on Coursera and I’m supplementing them with YouTube learning. I’m leaving this comment as a marker — a small public commitment to consistency, patience, and learning properly this time. If you’re starting late, restarting, or coming from a completely different career, you’re not alone. Slow progress is still progress.
  13. @JackieHanyura: I would like to study data analysis
  14. @GotuSonawane-m5h: I learned so much I need to lie down and recover.
  15. @srujayvarma4296: Tq u my brother
  16. @AnnieIri8552: Hmmm thank You Jesus Christ for this word.
  17. @journeyto100channel2: Ask → What is the objective?
	•	Prepare → Do we have the resources and intel?
	•	Process → Clean, reliable inputs (no bad data = no bad intel)
	•	Analyze → What does reality actually say?
	•	Share → Communicate clearly to decision-makers
	•	Act → Execute and adjust
  18. @SolomonAshedzi: Thank you very much I am new
  19. @apamwamba: power bi and excel also
  20. @mondocjenson-dy8zd: 👍 😊 K.I.S.S.

- Video ENGAGEMENT Editing Tips for Noobs... (Double Your Views)... | Davinci Resolve Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en so you've started to edit your very own YouTube videos but you don't know how to structure them in order to receive the maximum engagement I'm Josh and I'm going to be going over basic structural tips in terms of how you should format your video in terms of implementing different editing effects to receive the best possible viewer engagement at a basic level and if this video helps you out in any way make sure to show me some love by dropping a sub like or comment I'll have an editing playlist Down Below in the description if you enjoy this video and you want to watch other tutorials that I make on the channel but I hope you guys do enjoy learn something from this video and I will see you guys on my PC alright guys so uh what you're going to want to do is install DaVinci Resolve it's going to be the software I'm going to be using for this video is 100 free and I'm gonna have a download link in the description all you gotta do is go to a new project and I'm just going to be calling this beginner video guide something like that you're just going to name your project whatever you'd like once you actually have DaVinci Resolve opened up and then you're going to want to navigate on over to the edit tab here go up to the file project settings and then you're just going to change your timeline frame rate to 60fps and make sure you're on 1920 by 1080. as that's kind of what is required tired nowadays in terms of video quality you're just going to save your changes so what I'm going to be doing in this video is I'm going to be covering kind of an example YouTube video format so I'm going to kind of show you guys how I edit my own videos and I'm going to be showing you how you could replicate it so the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to import some sort of intro that I've created so let's say I want to use this if it suggests you want to change the frame rate just press don't change and then what you're going to do is you're going to kind of find some sort of body part of the video I guess footage so this would be whatever you want to include in the main part of the video so I'm just going to do this main recording right here and then let's say you have your outro footage or something like that and the way that a normal YouTube video is formatted is you'll have your intro here you'll have your body here or whatever's in between the two and then you'll have your outro here so I'll kind of be showing you guys what you want to do in terms of formatting and different effects you can Implement that kind of stuff so the first thing I'm going to be doing is focusing on the intro what I normally do is I'll make sure that my video doesn't come in choppy and I have some sort of louder intro where I kind of get the viewer's attention and I want to actually make them interested in what I have to say so what I'm going to do is I'm going to fade this in a tiny bit so it's a bit smoother and then what I'll do is I'm going to show you how to do this really cool intro effect which I utilize in almost all my videos so to do this we're just going to go in the fusion tab what we're going to do once we're in here is we're going to press control space on our keyboard and we're going to look up transform this adjusts our Zoom or positioning all that of the video itself so to do this we're just going to keyframe the size on the first frame at something like five and then we're gonna go something like let's say 30 frames after which is half of a second we're going to change the size back to one so we can see this does a slow little zoom out and it looks really awkward If This Were to be the YouTube video itself I think a lot of people were to be would be really confused so I'm going to show you how to fix that and kind of make it something that's actually engaging so we're gonna go back in the fusion tab we're gonna make sure we have our spline tool open press this little arrow thing right here to make both of the points visible we're going to press Ctrl a press s on your keyboard to ease these and then just kind of copy the graph that I show right here so something like that is really good and what that'll do is it'll kind of give you a cool effect that it's just a progressive zoom out at the very beginning of your YouTube video so what this will look like to the viewer is something like this let's say you're talking in your intro it gives the viewer something to look at and kind of Interest them in a way I find that that actually helps with viewer engagement in terms of my intros and a big thing that I would recommend for actually recording your intros is make sure it's short and sweet talk about what you're going to be covering in the video the sequence that you're going to be covering it in and then kind of gradually transition to the body of your video all you really need to do for subtitles if you want to use subtitles is just drag over a text node that you can find in the effects library right here and the cool thing about DaVinci Resolve is it allows you to edit it to whatever you want so I'm just going to say hi what's up for example and DaVinci Resolve allows you to access every single font that you have installed on your PC so let's say we want to go Burbank and adjust the size and then I can also change the positioning and DaVinci Resolve also offers us with the feature to have built-in effects on our text so let's say we want to add a little drop shadow maybe a little Stroker around the edges and just already this is looking like a more engaging intro I would play around with different things that could actually help you with higher viewer engagement for your intro but just mess around with different effects over the course of a few videos see what works for you and then consistently Implement them in future uploads from there something I would recommend is implementing some sort of transition between your intro and your body because if it just goes with a choppy transition like this it doesn't really look professional so something I'd recommend is something like even a simple cross dissolve which looks like this or even a simple slide transition will really just increase the quality of your video to the viewer you may not notice it but subconsciously people almost associate choppiness with unprofessionalism which is not something you want to go for in your videos you want to make sure that your viewers are consistently impressed and being able to follow along with your smooth content without really having to think about anything so implementing effects like this actually really help in terms of viewer engagement the only thing I'll really do along the body of my video is I'll cut out long pauses in my speech so to do that let's say this is a sentence that I'm saying and this is a sentence I'm saying in this really long Gap in between is me not talking what I'll do is I'll literally just cut this entire portion out and then what I'll do is I'll click on it if we press shift and backspace on our keyboard that just gets rid of it so almost imagine that was talking it really just adds to the video itself in terms of the lack of pauses and it just makes it sound a lot more professional and it's just consistent talking something for the viewer to latch onto and doesn't really take away from their focus and if you want to use subtitles throughout the body of your video it can be very tedious but what you can do is you can literally just copy and paste the subtitle format that you have from your intro put it along your body of the video and that's pretty much that there's not really a lot that you can Implement along the body of your video unless you're doing reaction content you want to put memes for example or something along the lines of that I would just recommend having engaging music as well as maybe subtitles and transitions cutting out long pauses and errors in speech and that's pretty much that in terms of maintaining and engaging body but then now what we're going to be doing is we're going to be focusing on the outro the same thing goes in terms of transitioning from your intro to the body I would transition from the body of your video to your outro by implementing some sort of transition as well just because again it makes the viewer not really have to think about how choppy it is not really question what's going on because the more that the viewer has to question about what's going on in the video and how they need to follow along with it it kind of just takes away from their focus and the overall engagement of the video itself so to improve this we can add some sort of Zoom transition just like I've covered before I have a video on how to actually make your own transitions if you want to go watch that I'll have that Linked In the description as well as a link to my editing playlist where I'll have tons of tutorials there with effects that you can Implement throughout your videos and in terms of editing your outro it's pretty much the same Principle as editing your intro where you might want to have some sort of subtitle you want to kind of recap the video make sure it's short because you don't really want people clicking Off Your Video because this still is part of your viewer engagement and the faster that people click off the video that'll take away from your overall viewer engagement percentage which can lead to an overall decrease in the output on the algorithm as having a 40 second outro is very unnecessary and you kind of just want to keep it to under 20 seconds recap everything that happened remind the audience to subscribe maybe Implement some sort of graphic if you're able to do that or if you're able to hire a designer to make something for you the goal is to end the video before the viewer clicks off because the longer that the viewer watches it'll lead to an overall success in your video so like I said let's say we wanted some subtitles we could just put some subtitles here trim them down to whatever we want and then at the very end what I'll do is I'll just recap the video and then I will just do a straight fade out but yeah guys that's pretty much it for the video I know it wasn't much of an editing tutorial instead it really focused on the basis of what you want to stick to in terms of the structure of a YouTube video when it comes to editing them yourselves and you have a lot more control over what's being showcased and what's not I would just stick to the mentality of being short sweet and straight to the point as that can lead to an overall increase in the amount of views that your channel will get and just its overall success but I hope you guys did enjoy make sure to go check out the other videos that I have on the channel That kind of touch up on these individual factors themselves make sure to like comment subscribe it helps me out a lot and I will see you guys in a future video on the channel I hope these tips helped you peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @LAGpubg [1 likes]: Noob ✅ 
Beginner ❎
  2. @SaimEH10 [1 likes]: clix 2.0?
  3. @xeno.warzone [1 likes]: ur channel died
  4. @khayify [1 likes]: W joshy
  5. @davezyt [1 likes]: Nice
  6. @zyovfx712: w
  7. @savzlol: noti

- Master Your YouTube Channel: Expert Tips to Boost Views and Engagement: Kind: captions Language: en ever wondered why some YouTube channels Skyrocket While others seem to stay stuck in the mud if so then buckle up because today we're diving into the nitty-gritty of growing a YouTube channel views as you might already know are the lifeblood of a YouTube channel they do more than just stroke the ego they're crucial for the YouTube algorithm to recommend your content to a wider audience so the million-dollar question is how to get those views going up and up the answer starts with one fundamental truth content is king and queen for that matter this means you need to focus on creating highquality content that appeals to your target audience whether you're making people laugh teaching them something new or simply entertaining them your videos need to provide some sort of value that keeps viewers hooked one way to ensure your content hits the Mark is to do some audience research understand what your ideal viewer wants and needs then tailor your content to meet those desires next up let's talk about SEO or search engine optimization yes it's not just for websites by using keywords in your titles descriptions and tags you can help viewers discover your content when they search so start brainstorming relevant keywords for your Niche and sprinkle them throughout your videos now let's discuss the power of a good thumbnail this is your video's first impression so make it count it should be eye-catching clear and relevant bright colors Captiva ating text and highquality images can all help lure in viewers engagement is another key ingredient in the YouTube success recipe make sure to respond to comments answer questions and participate in discussions this helps to foster a sense of community around your channel and keeps viewers coming back for more and last but not least don't forget to promote your videos share them on social media relevant forums and any other communities where your target audience might be hanging out you can also collaborate with other YouTubers for cross promotion and exposure to new audiences in summary growing a YouTube channel involves creating high quality valuable content using SEO designing engaging thumbnails fostering Community engagement and promoting your videos far and wide and with that our time together comes to a close if you found these tips helpful and want to learn more about building a thriving YouTube channel don't forget to hit that subscribe button and join the mindset building family also so feel free to chime in with your thoughts or questions in the comments until next time keep building keep growing and keep creating

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajputaniGirl-n5m [1 likes]: Good 😊😊😊😊
  2. @UtubeBaby-qm1si [1 likes]: Wow😊
  3. @Kelashigirl87 [1 likes]: Good 😊😊😊
  4. @SophiyaSmarty-hu3nv [1 likes]: Good 😊
  5. @BabyyyBabyyy-nw4bu: Good 😊😊😊😊
  6. @UniversalKnowledge-730: Awesome 😊😊😊😊😊

- Creating a Viral YouTube Channel: Expert Tips for Content Strategy, Engagement, SEO, and Analytics: Kind: captions Language: en greetings and salutations to all the creators innovators and dreamers out there today we're delving into the world of YouTube and the magic formula that transforms ordinary channels into viral Sensations the power of viral content on YouTube is undeniable it can catapult creators into the Limelight and turn passion projects into profitable Ventures but the question is how do you make a YouTube channel go viral the first step is content strategy start by finding your Niche this is the specific category or topic that you're passionate about and knowledgeable in it's the unique flavor that will set your channel apart from the millions of others on YouTube next it's time to research use tools like Google Trends or YouTube analytics to tap into what's hot and what's not identify the trends that resonate with your target audience and tailor your content accordingly and speaking of content it's crucial to developing engaging unique and highquality videos whether you're educating entertaining or both your content should provide value to your viewers and leave them wanting more but creating great content is only half the battle you also need to optimize for audience engagement craft attention grabbing thumbnails and titles that Peak curiosity and remember First Impressions count hook your viewers within the first few seconds of your video don't forget to encourage interaction whether it's through a thoughtful question or a fun challenge sparking conversation can boost your video's visibility and Foster a sense of community now let's talk about consistency and frequency the key to building a loyal subscriber base is regular uploads whether it's once a week or once a day keeping a consistent schedule can keep your audience coming back for more but what good is great content if no one can find it this is where SEO and promotion come in use relevant keywords in your titles descriptions and tags to make your videos more discoverable collaborate with other YouTubers or influencers in your Niche to expand your reach and don't forget to promote your videos across your social media platforms lastly remember to analyze and adapt monitor your analytics to see what works and what doesn't listen to your audien's feedback and make necessary changes to your content strategy remember the road to virality is paved with trial and error to sum it up the journey to a viral YouTube channel begins with finding your Niche researching Trends and creating highquality content optimizing for audience engagement maintaining consistency leveraging SEO and adapting your strategy based on analytics are also crucial steps in this journey so go ahead and take the plunge start your journey towards creating a viral YouTube channel today remember every viral sensation started with a single video so keep creating keep innovating and most importantly keep believing in your dream thank you for tuning in and here's to your future viral success

  Top Comments:
  1. @Joseph-js3mk: 'promosm'

- How to be Confident When Presenting: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever been worried about not sounding confident or not looking confident when you're giving a presentation I've got three tips for you that will really help so on this challenge you're gonna learn presentations tips tricks and how to's to give good presentations especially if you're a non-native English speaker so the three tips that I have here are related to your confidence and projecting confidence the first thing that you want to do is you want to make sure that you are not speaking too quickly you want to make sure that people are actually able to understand you so slow down a little bit we tend to get nervous and start speaking a lot faster when we give presentations then we never load up that is not going to sound very confident you're going to be much more confident sounding if you speak a little bit slower so that's the first tip the second tip has to do with the volume of your voice you want to speak loud enough so people can actually hear you if you start talking really quietly like this it's not really confident sounding you want to make sure that you sound properly you want to make sure that people can hear your voice properly that means using a good louder volume so try to speak louder than you normally would because then you're projecting your voice better if you're just speaking like you normally do it doesn't really Amin on all so it doesn't but it may not project or sound as confident you can also work on trying to have your voice come from sort of your belly from you know not just from your mouth area here but really toes are bringing it up from your belly region to project your voice and make it a little bit louder and the third tip and the third tip that I have for you to sound more confident when giving a presentation is to make sure that you work on your intonation and your emotion so if you're just talking and you're not really into nating your words and you don't have a lot of emotion this does not sound very confident it sounds very robotic and not interesting so you want to make sure that you bring some emotion you want to make sure that you have some intonation in your voice so that people can hear that sound and that confidence coming from you because when they're listening to it it's it's much more difficult for them to sort of get a sense of your confidence level if your voice is sort of more monotone it's much more confident and much more engaging for the audience if you can project some emotion and some intonation in your voice so those were three tips to help you sound more confident the first one is to speak more slowly the second is to speak louder and more clearly and the third one is to use more emotion and intonation in your voice hopefully you found those tips helpful let me know if you have any questions or comments and be sure to LIKE and subscribe and hit the bell icon so you don't miss underneath future videos thanks for watching and we'll talk to you next time goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AgnesAPytka [1 likes]: 😮 after watching several videos 😮 I realized that every tip I've been doing, but never realizing that I can overcome it
  2. @Ramanan234 [1 likes]: I am introvert+nervous+low comunication skill  🥲
  3. @EldondSchmidt [1 likes]: This video was fun and informative.
  4. @kingashu3189 [1 likes]: 3 tips
Speak slowly 
Speak Loudly 
Speak with emotions
  5. @LeangSexi: Thanks you seriously helped
  6. @mokgadichauke-p5o: 😊Thank you
  7. @addymif: 1. Don't talk too quickly
2. Speak louder
3. Work on intonation and emotion
  8. @dfsghvyfgsfyadasytufyt: thank you, this was extremely helpful
  9. @RemBob-i6y: If it's one to one ,I speak a lot,but if more than in team meet I am insecure and nervous
  10. @MalcolmLAMYA-z4y: The these tips mention are the best, Thank you so much.
  11. @SimoneMiddleton-q3f: tks the video very usefol for my job
  12. @AriamIssac-xk7jt: Is the speed you are speaking now considered slow.
  13. @GEETHANARAYANAN-g5e: Three great tips. Thank you. 
Minor observation: The caption for second point in the summary is not matching. Instead of Speak loudly and clearly, the first tip is repeating.
  14. @silvana11221122: Tip required .. how to avoid the person who is staring you down when presenting 😢
  15. @hello123aaqaa: sir my presentation is in a hour help me pleasee
  16. @FirdosB-o1k: Is here anyone 2025
  17. @Dan900_: I missed up my last presentation because I was overthinking it and had a anxiety attack although there was less than ten students because I was the last to present in the class😢
  18. @Paper1503: my school sent this to me. Thanks for the edvice
  19. @NatanTadele-u6m: Yo is it just me or his eyes at not in a perfect line
  20. @DanyelmiBovoa-lb4lu: Wow so helpful 😊😊

- Communication Tips for Performance Reviews: What to Say in Your Performance Review: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we're going to talk about communication tips for your performance reviews specifically your yearly performance review i'll go through what to say in your performance review so you can approach it with clarity and confidence hopefully leading you to getting a great performance review i've got a few videos coming out in the coming weeks on getting a promotion so if you are interested in those videos make sure you subscribe and hit the notification bell too why do we even need performance reviews well there are a number of reasons why they're important first it helps your employer know about your success it helps you get feedback about your performance at work and it helps you think critically about how you can improve and grow as a professional performance reviews only happen a couple of times a year they're usually a one-on-one conversation with your direct boss but it's really important that you get them right here's what you need to do to be prepared for your performance review so you can ace your performance review number one highlight your achievements it's really important to start off the performance review conversation on a positive note and when you talk about your achievements when you talk about your strengths you look excited you look positive your boss will pick up on this vibe and they will know that you just love your job but the main problem is you might find it difficult to think about things that you've achieved or to be confident when you're talking about them now i know for a fact that there are things you should be proud of in your career there are things that you have achieved in your professional life you just need to remember them for that performance review for example maybe in the past year you successfully organized a webinar for your company or maybe you got a difficult client to pay their invoice on time the when you have the achievements that you think of it will depend on your specific job and on your role but i want you to start thinking about this and i want you to choose one to two achievements you've had over the last three to six months in your professional life and use the pcor method p stands for project so what was the project c stands for challenges what challenges did you face o stands for overcome how did you overcome those challenges r stands for results what were the results you generated using the pcor method it will help you to talk about your achievements with your manager and to highlight them in a way that makes them more prominent which leads us to the next point where you talk about how you have progressed what did you learn in those achievements you just told your boss about what have you learned generally since your last performance review or what are the biggest lessons in the projects or the teams you've worked in talking about your progress can help your manager understand how you have grown as a professional what you've learned how you've improved sometimes your boss might not see this sometimes they might overlook the things that you've achieved they're so busy in their job it's really easy for them to just overlook these things but it's up to you to highlight this to them to bring it to the forefront so they cannot deny it and so they can see all the fantastic achievements that you've made highlighting your progress like this in the performance review meeting makes it obvious to them and it makes you more memorable as a professional so before your performance review think of three to five skills that you have learned since your last performance review and use before and after examples like this before working on project xyz i had never been in charge of a group project before now i know how to clearly communicate goals to people get them motivated to work towards those goals and set specific deadlines to work towards so we can achieve the desired result the third strategy is to talk about areas you can improve on in a professional's life there will always be areas that you can improve on it's part of having a learning mindset don't be the person who thinks they don't need to learn anything because they are already great at everything if you are like this you will get the reputation of being egotistical you need to recognize and talk about the areas that you can still improve on and make sure you discuss this during your performance review so to prepare think of one to two areas that you need to improve on think back to projects that you've worked on where did your weaknesses lie and talk about those areas of possible improvement in your performance review it could be a role related skill or it could be a soft skill for example when i was organizing the webinar i felt i could have managed my time better this is something i'd like to work on and improve on in the next three to six months and i'd like to take a course that will teach me good time management skill do you see how i've talked about a weakness as well as your intent to improve on that weakness a time frame in which you want to improve on that weakness and a hint at l d opportunities that you would like you can also link this to your career goals for example for our next performance review in 12 months time i want to have led a project with a bigger team i feel i did a great job leading five people achieving the goals i aimed for and i'd like to strengthen my team management ability with a bigger team so to sum up when you talk about areas that you would like to improve on it makes you look like a proactive dedicated professional and will definitely win your points in your performance review the fourth tip is to ask about future plans of the department or your company this shows that you have interest in the big picture and helps you understand how you as a professional are linked to that big picture as well this is great information for aspiring leaders or anyone who wants to advance in their career when it comes to future plans you can also reference information you've read or you've heard about simply ask what are the main goals for our company in the next 12 months or what are the main goals for our department in the next 12 months these questions will definitely make you look like you are interested in the progress of your company and you might be surprised at the information you can uncover if you've done a good job with the first three points i discussed in this video then your boss will feel a lot more comfortable and confident revealing this information to you number five is to ask about future expectations this highlights your proactiveness and your willingness to learn and employers respond really really well to this they want to know the people they've hired are invested in their own growth are invested in their own success just like the company is when they recruited you and it also helps you understand what will be expected of you in the future what skill set will you be required to develop what level of responsibility will you be required to have and does this tie in with your future career goals now if your employer does not provide any opportunity for you to grow if they do not want to discuss your growth or learning or development in that company then you might need to rethink your current position the reality is you might not be working for the right company to help you achieve the goals that you want to achieve now i don't say this lightly i don't recommend anyone to just go out there and quit their job but if your current employer isn't offering any learning and development opportunities if they don't want to invest in your future growth and career progression then you may need to rethink are you working for the right company so when you finish your performance review i want you to walk away with three to five future expectations for yourself three to five expectations your boss has of you now if you're nervous in your performance review because your boss makes you nervous you need to watch this video right here where i teach you how to speak confidently to people who make you nervous at work

  Top Comments:
  1. @kararonin [61 likes]: P.C.O.R Method explained in more detail:

P: What was the project?
C: What challenges did you face?
O: How did you overcome those challenges?
R: What were the results you generated?

This is a great method to use when talking about your achievements in a performance review. Here is an example of how to use it, 

"When I was organising the webinar in September to train our new graduate recruits, I struggled to be concise on my powerpoint slides. Some of the feedback I got was that there was too much to read on the slides. So when I conducted this webinar a second time in December, I removed most of the text from the powerpoint slides. I also used images and graphs to make it more engaging. The feedback I received after the second webinar was much more positive. People said they learned a lot about the company".

Do you see how I used the P.C.O.R method in the above example?
  2. @Devilcity6275 [60 likes]: Say nothing, because no matter what you say changes nothing.
  3. @mumbaitoabroad [49 likes]: I have a performance review today and I'm watching this while going to office 😂❤
  4. @Bloomingbyvictoria [8 likes]: Thank you very much for so valuable information, I have just started in a company and I’m from a foreign country, so things here are pretty different from where I came from + I have to work in a different language, so I was really scared about my first performance review, But this video give me a lot of information to be prepared, thanks 😊
  5. @bridgettecoffey1083 [5 likes]: I’ve been looking up different videos to help me prepare for my next performance review in a few weeks. I work for a major corporation that has very high standards for giving people raises or any promotions. My boss has indicated that I will be up for a potential promotion, and I am trying to give my best performance review to date since I really feel that I deserve to get the promotion. This video by far has been the most relatable of any other videos I’ve seen so far. Thank you!!
  6. @atmanelrhazi [3 likes]: I am pleased with your  explanations, but being promoted has more to it than meets the eye. ... Thank you
  7. @adrian_ads [2 likes]: 3:32 would like to have this text in description for easy copy/paste. Great video!
  8. @HuckleBerry476 [2 likes]: Typical corporate lunacy
  9. @DexterDtrx [2 likes]: All these sounds fancy, fabulous romantic and awesome … but where is the part of salary discussion the most important of all or we should agree to work for free lol
  10. @bincyelizabeth19799 [2 likes]: Watching from Kerala India 🇮🇳 Bincy Elizabeth Mathew May God bless you abundantly
  11. @fitnessover4054 [1 likes]: Those woosh sounds are unnecessary and distracting.
  12. @Faisalabbas-s2l [1 likes]: I think it is really easy if I talk with some stranger who don't know any thing about me because I can speak without any hesitation before him .
  13. @wandering_gweilo: Aww man, just had it yesterday for the first time. I missed this video! 😅
  14. @cacbo26: Another up and coming Seamus O'
😂😊😂😊😂😊😂
NOW a Nationalist MAJORITY IN THE -6😂😂😂😂😂😂
  15. @sylviaperez6802: Thank you for giving me some guidance
  16. @liviluci: Still so informative 2y later 🙏🏼
  17. @pradeepbhatnagar4848: Excellent lecture bt. in my opinion as a professional communication has a lot of binding effect on the individual employee nd also deals with corporate social responsibility.It also buid a company brand.It is not PR but a communication strategy to integrate the individual with the organization through his family and the society.Continuous communication with employees impacts HR strategies nd is vry important tool for any sector or Organization in terms of Postive productivity in brief in my opinion.It is related to Performance too as good communication skills helps to attain good results.Nice tips nd outstanding vdo lecture as it is correlated stong bonding chain for OD nd OB.Useful nd innovative Lecture.Thanx
  18. @verasasinowski: Thank you!
  19. @pawansahu8605: really nice video,
  20. @tianamarshall5430: Thank you❤

- The Rule of Six: A Guide for Masterful Film Editing: Kind: captions Language: en this is the rule of six created and presented by legendary film editor Walter merge it is one of the four most methodologies on film editing the role of six is not six rules but rather a hierarchy of criteria that distinguishes an ideal cut a perfect cut would satisfy all of these criteria but if you can't achieve them all the ones at the top are the most important but let's not get ahead of ourselves starting at the bottom is the three-dimensional space of action or spatial continuity this involves maintaining the physical reality of where people and props are in the space of the scene now if you went to film school this might be alarming to you I know I was taught that the most important aspect of continuity editing was you know continuity but in actuality gauging 3D space on a 2d plane is quite difficult for us to wrap our heads around especially during edits so as long as it's not egregiously bad this kind of continuity often goes unnoticed by the average viewer and therefore it's better to prioritize elements like the two-dimensional plane of screen this encompasses what merch refers to as photographic grammar including the rule of thirds eye lines the line of action and so on now if you went to film school this might be alarming to you I know the second thing I was taught was to never ever break these rules unless you want your cut to be incoherent and bad but let me just check my notes Here yeah movies break these all the time often to elicit a specific uneasiness or emotional response from the viewer but we're getting ahead of ourselves bottom line is as long as a viewer can keep track of the action between the shots it's not essential that you follow these especially in favor of higher criteria like buy trace or the location and movement of the audience attention within the frame itrace is about guiding a viewer's eyes through an edit by having the action or the object of interest in the same part of the frame between shots this reduces the friction of a cut making it feel more coherent and effortless to watch allowing an audience to take in the most pertinent information quickly it's also the Hallmark of popular editing techniques like the Hollywood montage and the match cut yes including the one you're thinking of leaving behind the technical criteria the next priority is rhythm or the flow of a scene now what rhythm is really and how to understand it is a topic for another time but the best way to briefly end concretely understand it is as a bunch of lower order timing elements like Tempo pacing and momentum these help dictate a scene's energy Elevate its action and create an overall sense of satisfaction in a cut it's best exemplified by cutting to the beat of music but it's present in every aspect of film from its dialogue to its fight scene but Snappy's satisfying edits shouldn't distract from story now this isn't just the plot it's also character arcs and themes this means every cut should Advance the plot or develop the characters or help us understand what the story is about that feels really obvious when I say it out loud but films are often big complex narrative structures with lots of plot lines and characters and ideas and identifying a scene's narrative purpose and how to concisely convey its story elements is not always a simple nor trivial task unless you're aiming for a four hour epic that critics think is too long it's best to let some of the footage Hit The Cutting Room floor but even more important than story is emotion as great as a technically proficient well-paced scene with a cohesive story is chances are the viewer won't remember it in a few months time but they'll remember the character's joy and their fear and their anguish and they'll remember how it made them feel so every cut should be made to convey and evoke emotion because at the end of the day the way films move us is what makes them great and the rest of it while the rest of it's just the details we need to accomplish that foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ijdnjsni [6 likes]: the reason youre told not to break rules despite films doing it all the time is that professionals break rules intentionally for a purpose. knowing the rules and choosing when to follow them is the #1 tip that will make you better ❤
  2. @bryandenirosemambok [1 likes]: we need more videos man
  3. @jedidiahjordan [1 likes]: Why dont I start from top to bottom when planning my script
  4. @Experternas [1 likes]: great rules. i want to hear a deep dive into each. im cutting realty right now and its filled with very short chapters of tempo change. so trying to understand that plus the teen audience attention span.
  5. @minma02262: he said 4 methodology. what are the other 3
  6. @bluntedbunnyprod98: Thank you, this is so helpful and simply well put!
  7. @TheHamiltonArchive: really good video. Never heard of this book. i'll have to pick it up. Thanks for sharing.
  8. @VampRockProductions-kv9kt: Good report. But it seems like you don't appreciate great films over schlock. 2001 the excepotion,
  9. @GopikaKathirvel-w9i9n: 1:26 2:08 2:48 3:26
  10. @AmourSpreadlove: 1:26   2:08   2:48  3:26
  11. @TayllhorMhaddan: Thanks for making this so easy to follow.
  12. @justinriestra: I'm just starting to edit my first film, and this was exactly the sort of 'welcome to editing' essay I was searching for. Thank you!
  13. @dayovisuals: PLS ANYONE, whats the name of the first background music that is playing at the start of the video
  14. @javionallen7539: What are the other 3 methodologies in film?
  15. @bryandenirosemambok: YOUR CHANNEL'S GOT BARS
  16. @been2tube: Very helpful and informative! Thank you for sharing it!
  17. @DangerDave-e7u: Yo! Adrian!
  18. @aitalkwithmanan1: Rule of Six
-Emotion
-Story
-Rhythm
-Eye trace
-3d space of action (Spatial continuity)
-2d plane of screen
  19. @FireGaming743: Thanks man for the KNOWLEDGE ❤
  20. @SentientBirdTheory: Excellent video, a lot of easily digestible information, thanks

- The ONLY 5 Editing Secrets You Need to Tell Any Story: Kind: captions Language: en-US So you had this great idea for a video. You wrote your script. Planned your shots. And actually got out in the wild filming those shots. And now you're finally ready to edit. But now everything falls apart. Should I use this shot? Am I cutting too soon? Where should this go? - Why does it feel off? - What am I doing!? Of course. Because editing can be the most overwhelming part of filmmaking. but I've been editing for over 15 years, and today... I’m sharing some of my most valuable editing tricks.. that will make the difference between a bunch of clips stacked together.. and a story that actually flows. And that will feel good. Just like that first time when you had that idea. Now let's get into it. What I want to share here... are the editing choices that actually make your story flow. Things that keep people watching because they want to... and because they lean into your story. These are simple but powerful secrets. And even if you only use one of them, your videos will already feel stronger. And also, stick around to the end, because I will share one bonus tip that took me way too long figure out. But once I did, it really made my editing way faster and less stressful. So here's the first secret that completely changed my process. Back when I started, I would shoot everything... and then I would dive straight into the edit and just try to make things work. And every time my timeline was a mess. so after many painful re-edits, I realized this: that your voice over, your music and even your sound effects are way more important than most people think. So now I start my edits with only audio before I touch a single clip. Yeah, you really heard that well. But believe me, it will really change your edits. So here's how I do it: for YouTube... I record my hook and my intro voiceover before I even start shooting. then I find music that matches the energy that I have in my head, and I will even add a few sound effects And right away I see where my voice over is too long, where things don't work, or where I should work on the pacing. and even better... It always gives me new inspiration and new ideas for shots. And because I haven't shot anything yet, I can still add those shots to my shotlist. For example, in this video, I did exactly that, Laying down my voice over with music showed me that my voice over was too long That build-up can be much quicker... Because I don't need 7 seconds to explain that we're overwhelmed. We can do that much quicker. And the rhythm of the track that inspired me to do that paper toss scene on the beat. And another great thing about this is that once you've shot everything, the edit is already halfway done because the pacing is there, the voiceover is there, and the music is there. So the only thing you basically have left to do is add the shots in. So ,the next video you're working on, lock in your audio first, because you will spot some time issues instantly. And the more you do this, you know, the more your brain will practice creating a story in your head before even filming. And that actually is one of the most useful skills you can build as a filmmaker. If there's one thing that makes or breaks your video, it's pacing. Your edit’s speed is your storytelling pulse. And I think it’s one of the biggest mistakes that I see even from experience editors. It's that they're staying in the same pace for too long. So here are three things that I think really shape pacing. The first one is shot length because short and snappy cuts make things fast or increase the tension, and longer shots are more for emotion or producing calmness. Then the second one is shot motion. You have chaotic handheld movements that can really add energy, or smooth and stable frames that really calm things down. And I think mixing those in the right way can be really strong. And then there's a third, which is music and sound, because your soundtrack really sets the heartbeat as well you know... A driving beat really pushes the story forward and softer music is really what can let it breathe as well. And of course, sometimes... a silence can be really strong as well. Anyway, if you keep the pace high the entire time, people will get overwhelmed. And if it stays slow, they will get bored. So yeah, it's really good to time that change and energy. Because that really snaps the attention back... or it really puts people in the right emotion when you want to. For example, listen to the first 30 seconds of this video. We start with no music. tension rising with a sound effect, then pause for a second, then full energy, quick shots, fast music, then a short break, a longer shot. Tension is building again. Then energy back up with fast cuts. Then we release into slower shots and no music. Finally we settle into a neutral pacing. And that variation is really what keeps a hook like that really alive. So the next time you edit, just spend a little more time on pacing. Just mark your big moments and your quiet moments, and then let your cuts, your movements, and your music flow between them. Your audience... They will stick with you much longer. I'm sure. you know, one of the hardest things, but also one of the most important things about editing is finding music that actually fits the mood of your story. You really don't want to know how much time I spent on tweaking music in my edits, just so it fits perfectly. But sometimes you wish you could just tweak a song a bit... ..maybe take out the vocals or take out the guitar. Well, you can do that now because Audiio released Elements 2.0 a while ago and it's a really huge upgrade because now you can separate every part of the track the vocals, the drums, the bass, piano, guitar... even the strings, all in studio quality. So for me, that means that I can take a track that I already love. Just strip it down completely, or build it back up with all those different pieces and that just makes it really much easier to adjust the music to whatever fits the rhythm or the pacing that I'm looking for. So if you want to try that out, go explore Elements 2.0 and get 70% off your first year of Audiio Pro at audiio.com/timrunia using the code at checkout. And of course you'll find the link in the description as well. So when I first started out creating videos, once I got to the editing process, before I knew it, I would spend two days perfecting the first 30s, you know, adding sound effects or maybe already color grading... And I would totally forget what I was making. But then I discovered the power of the assembly edit. And that's basically like sketching before you paint, or outlining a book before you write. It's all about getting a rough shape down first and then start refining. So if you've already created the hook and the intro of your video with an audio blueprint... then you can use the assembly edit to shape the rest of your story fast. So here's how I do it. First, I spot the footage that tells the story. So spotting just means cut out the junk and keep the clips you will actually use. Then I drag some of them into the timeline in the rough story order, with a beginning, a middle, and an end. And I'm not polishing anything yet. If I already recorded my voiceover, I will drop that in too. And then I spent time finding music that matches the pace. You know, sometimes it’s temporary music, but sometimes I can already find the real track. Then I just play everything back from the beginning to the end, and I can really watch the rough story unfold. And I just really pay attention and immediately I will see where the gaps are, the pacing feels off, or what kind of shots I'm still missing, or sometimes what I can really get rid of. So before you dive into polishing, build your assembly edit. Drag your key clips into a story order and then refine after that. It will save you hours of frustration and I'm sure it will give you way more clarity on where your edit is heading. And where your story is heading. So with my first edits... I loved picking a song and just cutting on the beat. We've all probably done those edits and they feel nice, but it gets repetitive pretty fast. And I think real flow goes way deeper. So here are just a few ways to create flow. The first one cut intentionally. Don't just throw clips together. Just think about where the eyes of your audience are on the screen and how the movements of the eyes flow from one shot to the next, or how one shot flows to the next. Then the second one is beat accents, because instead of cutting on the beat, you can land an action with the beat like when you're dropping something, or when you're stepping in a frame, or even raising an eyebrow... I will show you an example in a bit. , Then the third audio transitions. Because a sound effects across two shots can really glue them together. And sometimes a sound effect does that even much better than the shots themselves. And a combination is even better. So, for example, in the intro of this video, I cut the movement going out of the shot from the right to the left. Then coming in from the right to the left. So it feels fast but smooth. Then I hit beat accents. Me coming on to the desk or raising my eyebrows right on the beat. So instead of cutting on the beat, the action itself matches the beat. So next time you edit... don't just think about speed, think about movements. Where are the eyes going? Where's the rhythm pulling? Just try one intentional cut, maybe one beat accent and one audio transition. And I'm sure your edit will feel much... smoother instantly. if your edit feels predictable, people tune out. And that's why I like to break my own rhythm with a quick sudden cut... or a change of scene, or just something completely unexpected. So that contrast, that's really what can bring people back into your story, even a small surprise creates a little spike of focus. And those tiny spikes are really what keep people watching. As long as it's not too forced and it's part of your story You can use contrast... This can be anything, loud versus quiet or fast versus slow or bright versus dark Or, I add suprise. Just something playful or something abrupt that no one saw coming. For example, in this video's hook, I froze the frame and dropped in text before you expected it because it was like in the first three seconds... and that tiny break already made you pay much more attention. And then later I cut to silence when I'm at the empty desk and that sudden shift in energy that instantly makes you think, hey, what just happened there? But really try to make it a part of the story. So in your next edit, just try to find one spot to add contrast or surprise. Maybe it's a freeze frame or a quick silence or an unexpected cut. You really don't need many of those. But you know, really, one well-placed surprise can already make your story pretty unforgettable. You know, editing will always be a puzzle. No matter how many tricks you learn, how many secrets you learned, there will always be these moments where it feels like things are not going to work. And that's really normal because filmmaking is really hard. But when your story finally comes together in the edit, it's always worth it. But if you find it hard to finish your own videos, check out my Story Starter Kit, the link’s in the description. And I really designed this to make filmmaking simple and take you from staring at a messy timeline to finally finishing a video you’re proud of. The link is in the description and it's the most affordable way to finally finish, I think, and get your ideas out of your head onto the screen. Now, my last bonus secrets is “be ruthless”. when I started out editing, I could spend days trying to squeeze in every shot that I filmed just because I filmed the shot and the shot was nice, but now I really try to make my selections really fast. Kill Your Darlings is how they call it, and it's really true. You will have to say goodbye to a lot of great shots, but the faster you will learn to cut what doesn't serve the story, the more energy you will have to shape the story itself. that's also where the assembly edit from earlier really helps, because it really forces you to make decisions quickly. And the more ruthless you are, the better edits will be. And now that you've got all this fresh knowledge to dive into your edit... check out this video next where I will show you the kind of cuts you need to apply this into your edits. Good luck! You can do it! Go edit, edit that thing. No matter how many tricks or secrets you know, there will always be a moment it's not going to work. And that is normal because filmmaking is hard. But when a story finally comes together, it's always worth it. if you find it hard to start and finish your own story straight from video, be sure to check out my Story Starter kit. Because it's the science to make filmmaking simple and take you from staring at a blank timeline to actually finishing a video that you're proud of gives you a simple structure to turn an ID into a clear story, plan your shots without overthinking, and edit smoothly until you hit export the links in the description. I think it's a really affordable way to finally get your ideas out of your head and onto the screen, You know, editing is always a puzzle. you learn, there will always be moments that it feels like it's not going to work. And that's normal But when the story finally comes together, it's always worth it. And if you find it hard to even start or finish your own story driven videos, check out my story start a Case because it's designed to. Yeah. Hello?

  Top Comments:
  1. @TimRunia [31 likes]: Hope you like my nr 1 secret, try it and let me know how it works for you :) and if you want start creating, get my Starter Kit here: https://storystarterkit.com
  2. @himanshusain4404: Which editing app is this ?
  3. @ManManagingLife: Great video. But how do I start with selecting the right kind of track or sfx? There are so many choices and versions and varying quality in an editor. Its overwhelming!
  4. @PixoteFilms: Thanks
  5. @davidwhitaker2559: This is really well done and helped me a lot, thanks!
  6. @naveenplaysgames: after the intro, do you apply the audio first approach to each scene and build the rest or?
  7. @iamkimminkyu4172: Useful 👍
  8. @FerewasmoJmczsewa: this song got that “randomly finding peace for 4 minutes straight” kinda vibe 😭
  9. @DJPre-K: 2:10-2:14 Hi, Tim! Which DAW do you use to record your voiceovers? Or do you just record directly into the video editing software?
  10. @Eiatleta: How i can make all this in a fitness Chanel ? Heeeeeelp !
  11. @leonvicc: This is such a wonderful video, thank you. Can you please make a video on lighting, composition and colour grading.
  12. @stutteringguy: Love Uh!
  13. @ashutoshkaranjkar4869: Sorry but I cannot ignore your  grade glitches at 1:26 😁 but great video thanks for those tips
  14. @RoNiHyakuu: You do the audio planning beforehand, what do you do for videos with audio, do you leave a gap (for example vlog style videos) in between?
  15. @craftbygeet9505: The way you end your video.... That is insane and very connected❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
  16. @Blaze_boiz: 1:02  even I lean in your video
  17. @jasontodd6779: Only 226.000 view?
  18. @bazandyukiontheroad: Just starting out and found the “be ruthless” tip the hardest but also the most liberating! As the saying goes, less is more. Thanks again!
  19. @XochiArtGallery: I thought the beginning of the video was an ad - Really well edited!
  20. @DeepFriedCiggy: Question, did you intentionally line up your beard to match the line on the wall behind?

- 6 Ways to Edit Any Scene — Essential Film & Video Editing Techniques Explained [Shot List Ep. 10]: Kind: captions Language: en-US Films are made up of sequences. Sequences are made up of scenes. And scenes are made up of shots. In previous episodes, we covered camera lenses, frame rates... "- Discombobulate." -... and scene transitions. Today, we're going to look at another angle of editing by examining different ways we can cut within the scene. This is Episode 10 of "The Shot List". Editing techniques. Almost all of an editor's work comes down to three choices. What to show? When to cut? And what to cut to? "- What the?" - The cut itself is the most basic way to move from shot to shot. And when an editor cuts away from the main action it's referred to as a cutaway. "- Give me the water. - Almost." - Famed editor Walter Merch laid out his rule of six. A list to prioritize criteria when deciding on each cut. How we pace a scene can affect emotion, style, and tone. Is your scene mournful and contemplative? Hold on shots for longer. Is your scene filled with frantic action? Rapid cutting might be an order. Deciding what to cut to is equally important. An editor might use a cutaway to indicate what's on a character's mind. Or cut to what a character is looking at? No matter the reason, every edit should be thoughtful and purposeful. for a detailed explanation on the rule of six, you'll find a link to our blog in the description. This brings us to our first editing fundamental. Eyeline. An eyeline match is when an editor cuts to the object of a character's attention. "- Au Revoir Shoshanna!" If a character notices something, we cut to what they see. The second shot is often a literal POV shot or from that character's general perspective. This is such common practice that we can build intrigue by either waiting to reveal what they see. "- Fran! Doyle! Back to the ranger. Now!" - Or by not showing it at all. "- We happy? Vincent! - We happy? - Yeah, we happy." - Either way, it's the character's eyes that motivate the cut. Consider this moment from "300". "- Choose your next words carefully, Leonidas. They may be your last as king." - As King Leonidas debates whether to submit to Xerxes control watch how his eyes guide the edit. With each glance, we cut to his land. His citizens. His wife. And in this process, we are invited to think like Leonidas. Will he sacrifice his people's freedom? Or not? A common form of the eyeline match is the shot-reverse shot. When we cut between a shot of subject A and a shot of subject B in a reverse angle that is often a similar angle and composition. The most common use of this can be found in conversation scenes to maintain scene geography and clarity. Inserts are also often prompted by eyeline matches. An insert is a shot of a detail within a scene. Usually, in order to emphasize a specific prop or element. In "Tenet", the protagonist looks off camera and we cut to this insert. An example of simple and direct visual language. The eyeline match is a great way to connect the dots between what the character sees, thinks or feels. "- Impressive. Very nice." - It can also create and release tension depending on what we see and when we see it. "- George. George! Hi, George. - What's going on?" - Instead of cutting between two objects in the same scene, our next technique cuts between separate scenes. Cross cutting. Cross-cutting is when an editor cuts between two or more scenes happening in different locations usually at the same time. The baptism sequence from "The Godfather" alternates between Michael renouncing evil. "- Michael Francis Rizzi, do you renounce Satan?" - And his men following Michael's orders to execute his rivals. By cross-cutting these scenes, it creates an ironic juxtaposition that elevates the entire sequence. "- In all his works? - I do renounce them." - But cross-cutting can also be an effective way to combine multi-layered action as well. In "Rogue One", the last third of the entire film is a massive sequence comprised of three distinct battlefronts. The combat on the beach. The dogfight in space. And the covert operation to steal the death star plans. In fact, each of these fronts split into additional subplots. But by alternating between these scenes, the cross-cutting helps keep the plot and action constantly moving forward. And the audience invested in each group's progress. Crosscutting can create parallels between separate scenes that wouldn't be there otherwise and weave multiple planes of action in one. Now, let's look at a technique which is designed to keep the audience's attention fixed to a specific part of the frame. Eye Trace. Eye trace is when an editor cuts between two or more shots that focus on the same area of the frame. This allows the viewer's eyes and attention to stay focused without having to scan the frame after each cut. Eye trace can also be used through blocking and camera movement guiding a viewer's eye within a shot. But let's look at how editors can achieve a similar effect. Eye trace is ideal for action scenes which tend to move quickly. "Mad Max: Fury Road" makes heavy use of this technique. Here's DP John Seal explaining this decision. "- Compositionally whatever was the center point of that shot had to be in the center of frame. In the faster cutting that he's got, your eye won't have to shift on an anamorphic frame to find the next subject when you've only got 1.8 seconds of time to do that. All we would hear all the time on the comms was George saying, 'Put the crosshairs on her nose. Put the crosshairs on her nose. And that is basically the whole film." - Some shots in the film are less than a second long. Using eye trace, the composition and editing of these scenes helps the viewer process even the most chaotic action. Our next type of cut also helps smooth over a transition. Split edits. While a hard cut changes both audio and video at the same time... "- Now we're gonna slow it down a little bit. I'm guessing most of you folks have heard..." - A split edit changes either the sound or image before the other. This is either a J-cut or an L-cut. They get their names from what they look like in an editing timeline. A J-cut is when audio from a shot begins to play before we see it. "- Excuse me. - Is that your car in the lot? - Yeah. - That's a nice ride. - Thanks, man. - Donnie Azoff. - Hey, Jordan Belfort. - Nice to meet you." - For an L-cut, the plays after we've already cut away. "- Happy birthday. Hey, Bonnie. We'll get you back to your daddy in a day or two. Don't be sad. Oh, that's good. You're not sad. Are you happy? Paw. No paw. That's okay too." - The technique is often used during dialogue scenes. Allowing editors to create a more natural conversation, control the rhythm of dialogue as well as catching reaction shots of someone listening. "- You know any of them old jokes? - Well, I only got the chance to say one 'cause we only did one show. - Tell me. - It's corny. Don't be that way. Tell me. - No, you wouldn't like it, and I'd be embarrassed. You told 50 million people, and you can't tell me? I promise I won't laugh." - But there are more creative ways to use a J or L-cut. For example, when characters outline a plan like in "Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation". "- So why hasn't Lane just sent someone to steal it? - Oh, he has. He sent me. And I can tell you. It's impossible. To reach the terminal you'll need to pass the main gate." - We use an L-cut to show the security measures they mention. And open three separate combination locks. "- Well, that's easy we just impersonate the agent who stole the ledger in the first place. I get to wear a mask." - This makes their plan more clear to the audience. Especially, when it eventually goes wrong. "- Okay, I don't get to wear a mask." - Seeing the plan in action is more visually interesting than simply hearing it. And additional J and L-cuts within their dialogue ensures the sequence moves swiftly. But what if we want to make a cut more noticeable, not less? Intellectual montage. Intellectual montage puts seemingly unrelated images together in order to create a certain feeling or idea. This type of montage makes use of the Kuleshov Effect. Which refers to creating meaning out of a cinematic juxtaposition. We take this man's expression to mean different things based on the image intercut with him. In this scene from "Lucy", as her boyfriend tries to convince her to deliver a briefcase "- I can't deliver the case myself. I had a little falling out with the guy. It's nothing major. But if it's you, problem solve." - We get this shot. "- Look! You can even see the reception from here. Two separate scenes combine to create a single idea. She is walking into a trap. "- I'm here for uh... Mr. Jane." - As the scene plays out, we get another series of juxtaposing imagery. Lucy is being stalked. Unaware of just how much danger she is in. In "Don't Look Up", intellectual montage is used to emphasize the global scale of an impending disaster. A comet is going to wipe out life on earth. "- We're all 100% for sure gonna f*cking die!" - But Randall and Kate's warning is falling on deaf ears Then we get this series of shots. "- You're gonna die! You're gonna die! - Isolated these shots would have a neutral connotation. But placed in this context, we are asked to make the connections ourselves. From massive cityscapes to microscopic organisms. Everything will be affected by the impending disaster. By using intellectual montage, director Adam McKay is able to visually reiterate larger themes in the film. This experimental technique is a great way to evoke emotion and meaning out of shots that individually wouldn't have them. Moving on to our final technique. Cut on action. "- F*ck off, Hitler!" - Cutting on action refers to cutting during a character or object's movement. When the out point of shot A corresponds directly to the in point of shot B, it creates a more seamless transition. This technique can be used for simple actions like taking a drink. Or shaking hands. Most editors working in any genre will use cutting on action to create smoother cuts that feel more natural to the audience. And it is often found in fight scenes because it lends itself to fast-paced rhythm and quick movement. Like the fight between Neo and Morpheus in the "Matrix Resurrection". A very common cut on action in fight sequences is to cut on impact. This gives each punch and kick extra force. Notice how the cuts in this fight are placed in the middle of one character's move. Punching in from a wide to a dramatic close-up. By cutting on action throughout this scene, director Lana Wachowski is able to keep up the pace, strengthen the stunts and create a more epic feeling to the fight. So, these are the six essential ways editors use the cut. But we haven't covered everything. There are also freeze frames. Invisible cuts. Subliminal frames. Double cuts. And check the description for our video dedicated to jump cuts. Be sure to tell us any techniques, we haven't mentioned in the comments. Hit subscribe and click the bell to stay up to date on all our filmmaking videos. Until next time. Get chopping.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioBinder [207 likes]: Chapters:
00:00 - Intro — Editing: Creative Uses of the Cut
01:32 - Walter Murch & The Rule of Six
02:46 - Eyeline Match
05:55 - Cross Cutting
07:57 - Eye Trace
10:13 - Split Edit
13:14 - Intellectual Montage
15:40 - Cut on Action
17:54 - Honorable Mentions and FREE Reference Shot List
  2. @Ndoje_Films [2 likes]: Thanks for such lesson, it helps me improving from one stage to another through the help of God and holy spirit.  May God bless
  3. @K.blvck_ish1 [2 likes]: Hardest intro ever 😮‍💨😮‍💨
  4. @TRN_Edtz [1 likes]: 1:48  Abe, ye to India ka sunny Deol hai 😅. Humare hero ke copy hollywood me bhi hai 😅
  5. @darkspark5092 [1 likes]: What does the coloured blank space mean between every clips  ? 6:51
  6. @royalty-free-music: Amazing video, saved in case we ever need editing references for our blog.
  7. @phantomrichi: Wow🤍🖤
  8. @SampadaReshmi-g8y: This is the best channel for understanding different concepts of editing. This is the first video of yours that I have seen. I am so excited for all the others that I have yet to see and also implement
  9. @kokoslab: guyyyyssss what movies are these?
  10. @estadodecomando: A video masterpiece! You didn't just explain the concepts—you demonstrated them in your own editing, in addition to the examples. Beautiful.
  11. @Tolkien-Chroniken: HOW TO EDIT WAR BATTLES
  12. @RitamkumarSaha: studiobiner is a bible for filmmakers
  13. @Mythwood_Melodies: Nice visuals.
  14. @lina.alstudio: التصوير هنا مذهل جدًا 🎥✨
  15. @normanheurtematte: this is a masterclass agzin
  16. @danflanagan9536: What is the black and white film used at 13:41?
  17. @risingoneent: Nice
  18. @memesbleams: Ts my media homework fah😭
  19. @jany.tealandorange: I loved it.
  20. @manii1605: amazing content AND stunning edit! hats off editor youre inspiring

- How to edit 10x faster in 5 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a 21-year-old full-time video editor and since I get paid per video I make I literally earn more the faster I can make videos so let me show you how I figured out how to edit 10 times faster and make the videos look better at the same time so the first way to edit way faster is to be trash trash collecting that's because it's called the Wally method and if you invest an hour into this you will save yourself days of time so please pay attention because it will also make your videos look way better no way yes way here we go so w takes some raw materials crunches it together in his machine and out comes a beautiful product and it does it incredibly fast and that's why we want to create our own Wally but how do we do that well we have our raw materials we put it into our Wally machine and outc comes a beautiful product so how do we make this amazing Wally machine here's are three steps simple steps that you need to do the first one is you open a new project and call it Factory and then whatever style you're editing in it can also be for a client if you have multiple clients that you edit in different styles that's what I have so for the Second Step you simply have to do this you put in all the materials you have in that video style so that can be animation transition tile Card sound effects backgrounds icon text effects music LS anything and as you can see I've actually categorized it here so I have an own section of animation and title cards and lower thirds and so on and you don't have to be that much this is for another client I have another Factory and it's way simple you can see and just put in everything you have and if you don't know where you can find it you can either go through previous edited videos and just copy paste it in you can find elements online like on inato Elements which I use you can also make your own which I also do a lot actually and the cool thing about this is you only need to do these once because here's the thing once you have this Factory you can just copy paste these elements into the video you're making super super super convenient and saves you a lot of time and it's actually also convenient for the client because as you can see here this was like a really nice animation I made for like with a pyramid and then instead of using hours upon making this animation I just copy it in and change the text and voila then now it makes sense for that video you know and if you do this you're going to deliver the videos way faster to the client you're going to keep the the same style and brand for your videos which makes them way more consistent and people will love that including yourself it makes them look way cleaner your videos so it's a win win for everybody now this next trick is short and simple here it is every editor has tried to edit on a trash computer at one point uh like where it's really laggy and you barely can keep the project together and keeps crashing but what if there was a trick that would that made lagy projects being able to edit 4K footage without upgrading your PC because I know it could be a bit expensive here's what you do you simply create proxies when I edit on my laptop which is powerful but not like super powerful and I want to edit 4K footage this is what I do and you might already know what it is but I wish I knew this from the start because it made it so much easier to edit so essentially what a proxy is is you have the original footage and then you set it to make it a proxy which is lower quality of it but then when you render it it uses the original footage so it's actually high quality once it's finished it's just while you're editing it's a lower quality version and the way you do it you can do it in most editing programs in premere you just right click the footage and press create proxy super simple and when you do that you just press okay over here you can set frame size to quarter uh and then it just takes some time and after it's done rendering there you have a own proxy and you can toggle it with with the with that button right there on the playback so that's how you go from having a trash computer to a super computer without changing the specs now the third method which I really love I use it a lot in the beginning is the purple filter uh so here's the thing let's say you've edited something super awesome you spent a lot of time on editing it and super cool animations and sound effects and everything so then you watch it again because like it kind of feels good seeing what you've done you know and fair enough I mean I do that as well but then watch it again and you watch it again and you maybe change some small things but you barely change anything and it's kind of satisfying to watch something you edited well right but be careful it doesn't turn into a hidden form of procrastination which you can easily do and it's going to slow down your editing project so so much it's incredible so it basically steals your time if you do this too much but how can I avoid this well that's where the purple filer came in because I asked myself this question and I came up with this solution so basically I have this this color here and I L just put it in over Parts I've edited and think I'm pretty done with this and then I whenever I like I go back to like see uh this part again it just see a purple filter like purple on the playback and I'm like oh no mind better get back to editing you know and then at the end I can like rewatch it and say okay can I improve something like so I don't rewatch it thousand times but instead I rewatch it when I actually need to super super powerful but it it can really help you creating the right habit of keep going and and Ed it fast now this last one this is the the one shortcut that literally doubled my editing speed and you can see here so there are so many shortcuts is in editing program so many but I barely use any of them and you probably do the same so I discovered this button it was the L button and in Premier Pro it doubled the playback speed but there is a problem with this because here's the thing for a shortcut to be actually used it has to become a habit and the thing is when when you have the L key you you can't make it a habit because who who edits and then suddenly moves the hand over to the L key like that's way too far away so when you find a shortcut in Premier Pro like this one that really double the playback which is really good at cutting you know uh original footage down take advantage of them and the way you can do it is just put it on your mouse put it on or like an easy convenient place where you can just press it um so I can't recommend it I use it all the time now so there's actually one last thing I want to show you and this thing will super power your editing speed and if you don't do it this video won't really matter and you can see why if you check out this video here it will make you even faster video editing so go check it out and thank you for watching hope it makes your video editing faster

  Top Comments:
  1. @johubify [1300 likes]: If you have been editing for a long time, you know the information he is giving here is golden
  2. @white_ash-Vtuber [1 likes]: I'm a new editor I've only put out 3 videos which I barely edited but my fourth has heavy editing in comparison one of the things I found is when I try to change the % of a component like scale speed or anything like that it freezes if you have this problem you can hover your mouse over the blue number and scroll up and down to change the % without it freezing (this if for premiere pro btw)
  3. @StillnessThicket [1 likes]: I'm quite new to editing but I didn't understand the first tip at all. What do you mean throw everything you have into one file!? How does that save any time or turn it into a "WALL-E factory" ?
  4. @MattEatsMochi [1 likes]: Editing isn't my problem, it's finding clients through freelance platforms.
  5. @MarcoKatITA: i didn' understand step 2 very well
  6. @samk2377: I can tell you're a real expert because you pinpointed so many things that slow me down! Thank you so much. This was so helpful!
  7. @DragonplaysXD: Amazing
  8. @cypherclown-tg1ir: I hate you for that call to action hook at the end because it actually worked
  9. @thepixelhollow: I'm JUST starting a youtube channel with a serious 'just post post post post' mentality, and that means I'm JUST getting in to editing.  I grabbed Davinci and omg there is a lot to learn.  Thank you for these tips!
  10. @ivan_sudy: Bro didn't show this video to his customers :D
  11. @bo0mbell: Dude, that's GOLD!
  12. @ReivInvests: whats the Pr app called?
  13. @sarabelenb: Hi! I came across your youtube video, and also found another creator (in the hispanic community) that uploaded a video very very similar to yours. His youtube is Marc O Editor and you can find the video under the name "Como editar x10 veces más rapido (sin perder calidad). Stealing content sucks and I wouldn't like this to happen to me.
  14. @Sanemi-s7q: I can get faster
  15. @SamGArchive: i do love some lip smakin' on a monday morning.
  16. @RedOfTheFae: Not 100% convinced on everything apart from  one thing... The purple filter... This WILL be helping me in the long run now! 😂
  17. @r3triver: Blessed by the algorithm
  18. @haramcracker: obg vou usar com o pedro andre
  19. @YT-Kenpachi: How the fuck did you made it this far in laugh without setting yourself the goal of fixing the stupid way you talk ?
  20. @insertbatmanhere: This is so much value, long time ago since I had so much value from such a short single video. Thanks

- How I Would Learn Video Editing (If I Could Start Over): Kind: captions Language: en video editing a skill that allows you to work from anywhere at any time you want and make great money doing it but starting out it can be overwhelming what software do I use what tutorials should I watch what projects should I work on if I could start over knowing what I know now here's exactly how I would learn video editing and learn it fast I'll break this video up into six key steps that if you follow and put the work in will quickly make you a great video editor step one your mindset I get it when I started I just wanted to dive into the tools and edit the best videos possible but rushing into editing without the right mindset is like trying to run before you've learned to walk the good news is mindset isn't something that takes extra time so let's break this down into three mindset shifts you should focus on to learn video editing faster and better number one story First Tool second when I was 17 I genuinely thought I would be a great video editor because I was super fast at video editing in Premier Pro but my entire mindset shifted when I spoke with an expert motion designer who made me realize that I had learned everything backwards sure I could put together and edit super fast but I was missing one key thing storytelling the key is to recognize that your main purpose is to be a Storyteller who simply uses their skill in video editing software to tell their story in a way that keeps the audience engaged which leads me to number two think like your audience believe it or not it's easy to forget that when you're editing a video you're making it for other people to actually watch you need to ask certain questions with every editing decision you make like should I make this video super energetic or more laid-back what music will this audience relate to should I use sophisticated or playful visuals in my animations but to put it simply it all comes down to one thing who am I making this four next up is three visualize your why let me tell you the brutally honest truth you will never stick with video editing if you don't have a strong underlying reason that you want to keep going when I was 10 I wanted to make soccer videos that would entertain my friends and show off my skills at 13 I made funny gaming videos to make me and my friends laugh and try to get famous and when I was was 15 I combined the two and made soccer gaming videos and then soccer Instagram videos to see if I could grow social media accounts the Common Thread through these years and now is that there was always a strong why whenever I lose sight of this why there is less conviction and less reason to keep going so keep that why on the top of your mind all the time but that's enough about mindset now let's dive into step two choose a video editing software the first question every new editor faces which software should I use here's the deal tools are just that tools what matters is how you use them I personally use the Adobe Creative Suite Premier Pro for video editing after effects for Motion Graphics and sometimes Photoshop illustrator or figma for creating assets but if you're on a budget Da Vinci resolve is a great free editing software and it's even used professionally for its color grading features but once you choose your software there's an even bigger problem learning how to use it you can find tutorials on YouTube but it's still hard to put together a detailed lesson plan if you're trying to go from absolute zero to Proficiency in the software and that's where a platform like skillshare comes in who were actually kind enough to sponsor this video and make it possible for me to make for you guys getting started learning any new tool can feel overwhelming not knowing where to begin and what to focus on skillshare allows you to select skills that you want to learn and provides a variety of related categories like design film and video or animation in 3D that's why I genuinely love using skillshare whenever I want to learn something new 10 years ago when I began using Premier Pro I opened the software and struggled for years to fully grasp the depth of its capabilities and if I use skillshare those years of trial and error would have been reduced to months and it's not just a collection of courses it's actually the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of classes that are led by industry experts who break down skills in a way that's approachable and easy to follow one feature I found especially helpful is called learning paths these are curated collections of classes that are designed to help you master specific skills so for example if you're diving into VCI resolve there's actually a learning path from the basics of the interface to Advanced color grading it's like having a personal road map to Mastery and it saves so much time if you're convinced and ready to give it a try the first 500 people to use my link in the description will get a free month trial of skillshare like I said it's the perfect way to start building your skills today no matter where you're starting from step three learn Core Concepts now it's time for the fun part after learning your video editing software we can dive into the fundamentals which are the backbone for great video editing but before we dive into those I want to share a m mistake I made early on one that you should avoid at all costs when I first started I tried to learn everything all at once I jumped between Photoshop tutorials After Effects animations illustrator designs and it got overwhelming fast sure I learned bits and pieces here and there but it distracted me from my main goal which was making better videos what I didn't realize is that great video editing comes down to a few key fundamentals if I had focused on these sooner I would have improved so much faster so let me save you some time here are the fun fundamentals that I wish I started with one composition and design composition is all about how your video looks and how you arrange the elements on the screen to guide the viewer's eyes one of the most important Concepts here is hierarchy making sure that the most important element in your shot stands out you can do this by using size position or contrast to draw the viewers attention to where you want it another concept is color color isn't just about looking pretty it sets the tone and the mood of your video so stick to a consistent color palette and use complimentary or contrasting colors to highlight key elements in your frame there's also balance a balanced frame feels natural and pleasing to the eye whereas an unbalanced one feels like this you don't want everything crammed on one side of the shot and there are so many other design principles to consider but these are some of the most important that I've found for video editing next is storytelling and honestly this is the heart of any great video without a story your footage is just a bunch of random Clips every video whether it's a feature film a vlog or even a tutorial should should have a clear beginning middle and end the goal is to just make your audience feel something ask yourself what emotion do I want to create here let that guide your Cuts if a shot doesn't add to the story then cut it even if you think it's the best looking shot you've ever filmed next is sound which in my opinion is the hidden hero of video editing take my voice for example right now it sounds like this it sounds good but now it sounds like this and you might not want to watch this video as much if my voice doesn't sound as clear or as full you can have stunning visuals but if your audio is bad people will click away the dialogue should sound clear the sound effects should be subtly emphasizing visual motion and the music should set the mood and these three things should also be balanced so that the music isn't overpowering and you can actually hear what you're saying then we got pacing which is what keeps your audience hooked throughout the video for action-packed moments you might want to have Fast Cuts if a section feels too long or drags then tighten it up for emotional or dramatic Parts slow it down let the audience feel what is being spoken about so that's it for the core concept the next step is a little more straightforward but I'm going to break it down into a mini road map that you can follow each time so step four never stop learning if you look at anyone who is a top performer at what they do it's because they are in a constant cycle of practicing reflecting and iterating they put the work in they reflect on what was good and what could be done better and then they make the changes that they need to to improve here's an easier way to think about this take someone who wants to get more muscular they start out going to the gym three times per week pretty good right but after a month they reflect on their growth and decide to change their routine and instead they go five times per week another month goes by and they notice a lot more growth then they read some articles that say taking creatine helps with muscle growth now it's been about 6 months and they've noticed significant improvements but after thinking they have the key to building muscle 6 months later they realize they haven't grown in size funny enough this was actually a story about me once I felt I was sort of Untouchable in terms of growing at the gym I kind of put my routine on autopilot and a similar thing will happen to you if you stop learning as a video editor but what if you feel like you've learned everything you can or you're not sure where to look for next to keep learning well this leads me to step number five work with others now the life of a video editor is inherently isolating and that can be incredibly discouraging for a lot of people additionally if you aren't sure how to improve your skills it can feel like a hopeless dead end this is where working with others comes in and there are four main ways I would recommend going about this one find a job at a content agency I think working at an agency is essential for beginner and intermediate video editors you need to spend time working consistently to build up the skills that go beyond just the technical expertise you also have free access to speak with your team members and learn from their experiences for me a huge takeaway from my time at an agency was also getting to understand a bit of the business side which is more client facing and Logistics focused number two find a mentor getting one-on-one coaching from someone who has more experience than you do is one of the biggest game changers for your technical skills as an editor they can teach you so many tricks that they've learned that you can usually only gather over time in my opinion it's a hack to learn anything like 10 times faster and this person might also become a friend or a professional reference for you down the road number three join a community of like-minded people you might not believe this but I didn't used to believe in the power of community I thought I could do it all by myself and this is partially true but when you isolate yourself you miss out on the perspective and the learnings that others have which I have found to be one of the biggest ways I was able to become more successful for this very reason I started a community that I Linked In the description below that aims to help people with these very things so feel free to check that out if you're interested and four work with clients more personally instead of just being your client's video editor be more than that have scheduled video calls and figure out what other problems you can help them solve so that they get better results personally this is where I have found the most fulfillment as a video editor working with clients focusing on other ways you can help not only strengthens your professional relationship but it helps you learn more skills in the process and it makes you and your services harder to replace you can also get referrals from Happy clients and even testimonials for your website or portfolio there's no bad option here but if you're interested my path was personal development for about 5 years agency and freelance work for about 2 to 3 years and for the past 1 to two years I've owned my own agency helping clients grow on YouTube and I have this channel as well but if you want to hear more about that you you can watch my other video that I will link at the end of this one so now you've mastered your mindset you've become proficient in editing software like Premier Pro you understand the core principles that make a great video editor you never stopped learning and you found ways to work with others but now you need a way to keep progressing in your video editing career which leads me to step number six make yourself more valuable now there are just about 100 different ways that you could go about this but to keep it simple for you I broke it into three simple categories that will make the most impact for your career as a video editor one personal brand I'll break this up into two different categories the first is showcasing your work this looks like posting your work on a portfolio site creating professionall looking profiles on LinkedIn Twitter Etc the second is showing yourself and your work so this is everything I just mentioned but you're also showing a little bit of yourself this is a real personal brand this makes people feel like they know you already even when they've only seen you talking on a video this turns cold leads into warm leads that want to work with you not leads that want you to work for them after personal brand we have complimentary skills some of the most important skills that I think you can have are Motion Graphics or motion design overall visual design skills storytelling business and negotiation or sales and then communication and professionalism and I would argue adding complimentary skills to your skill set is the most important factor in succeeding as a video editor in today's global economy and plenty of people also have complimentary skills and somewhat of a personal brand online but what 90% of people lack is the communication and professionalism it matters more than you might think people want someone they can rely on and they know will'll get the job done and if you can be that person then you can command a premium for your services another part of this is being clear with deliverables that allow you to run your business and not let your business run you you might even want to draft contracts that make your relationship a little bit more established some other things you should do are being comfortable in the language of your Target customer so if English isn't your first Lang anguage but you want to work with English-speaking clients because maybe they have more money to work with then you should probably try and learn the language that would be a lot more important than you might think and I know it's not easy to learn language I mean I only speak English and maybe a little bit of Spanish but it can make a pretty big difference and just be genuinely caring like care about the work that you're doing because most people are just out there to get a little bit of pay which is fine it makes sense like you need to keep yourself alive but past that point you should think about how can I make this better for my client how can I make them want to work with me how can I get other clients interested in my work and get paid better overall and unless you have times where you're very invested in your work then you might not reach that point now if you're serious about developing as a video editor why not surround yourself with others who are on the same Journey you can join the video editor Community like I mentioned before and the details for that are in the description below it's packed with resources support and people who are just as passionate about editing as you are and if you found this video helpful I think you'll like this video where I condense my 10 years of video editing knowledge into just 10 minutes

  Top Comments:
  1. @GavinHerman [158 likes]: Get started with Skillshare today 👉 https://skl.sh/gavinherman01251
The first 500 people to use my link will receive a 1 month free trial!
  2. @namutebimargret7647 [1 likes]: Thank u so much how can I contact u personally I need ur help
  3. @snoozedeep [1 likes]: Thank You❤
  4. @apelincoln1616: Seamless ad placement gives me the fizz
  5. @krish_aka_aman: The Fundimentals.... Fundamentals
  6. @birmataalam: Hey bro I am beginner video , but not pure beginner editor and I want to edit videos can you share with me I can do it for free for you.
I can do shorts, TikTok, and Normal.
  7. @sg.gaming5972: Im biginer  in editing help me
  8. @MccullorsGelbach: This channel is worth sharing This deserves recognition.
  9. @GallatinGuerera: The editing is top notch I enjoyed every second of it.
  10. @Clipping.cracking: insightful video man, this helps a lot!
  11. @CorboFrisbie: The editing is very impressive I enjoyed every second of it.
  12. @CorboFrisbie: The way you present is really helpful It helped me understand better.
  13. @workingTchr: Strange that hardly any of the people explaining editing on youTube  appreciate the value of voice-over.  They think that having their face on the screen talking at you conveys some important information that their voice alone wouldn't.  Go figure.
  14. @ViktorPetroOv: this felt less like a video and more like sitting with a friend passionately explaining something at 1am 😭🔥
  15. @VideoEdittingTipsByAlice: Great content like always!
  16. @UMEXONSTUDIO: Hahaha
  17. @tsurikomi1421: IDK who did it first, but this video and "How I would learn music production (If I had to start over in 2026)" by TheCosmicAcademy are exacly the same. Even the discourse, intro, video structure... someone copied the other. 

EDIT: LMAO It's literally the same script, same 6 point division explained in the exact same way with the same sentences just adapted. This is crazy. Either blatant plagiarism or AI is doing some heavy lifting here
  18. @ramlahiftikhar-j6g: The editing is underrated It helped me understand better.
  19. @CandyCrush-c4w: Bruh i am 17 and i started watching ure videos🙂
  20. @Fl4MES_11: Super helpful

- #1 Way To KEEP VIEWERS Watching Your Stream!: Kind: captions Language: en The biggest mistake that new streamers&nbsp; make is thinking they deserve to be watched&nbsp;&nbsp; from day one. You need to completely&nbsp; change how you think about streaming if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to want to grow your average&nbsp; viewers it doesn't matter what size you&nbsp;&nbsp; are if you aren't thinking about the next&nbsp; five steps then you're setting yourself up&nbsp;&nbsp; to consistently struggle to keep your&nbsp; audience engaged in your stream let's go One of the worst feelings in the world&nbsp; for a streamer is seeing your view count&nbsp;&nbsp; drop while you're live or even worse when you're&nbsp; a brand new streamer seeing that zero tick up to&nbsp;&nbsp; a one and moments later drop back down to a zero&nbsp; we've all been there it sucks today i'm gonna be&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking down how i and many streamers organize&nbsp; and plan out their streams so that when anyone&nbsp;&nbsp; joins they become engaged and stay for the entire&nbsp; stream this is something that larger streamers do&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time and it is so simple yet so&nbsp; effective that i bet this even worked on&nbsp;&nbsp; you and that you've become incredibly engaged&nbsp; by a streamer who has done all of these steps&nbsp;&nbsp; and the most important part of this entire video&nbsp; is that if you watch all the way to the final tip&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll realize you can take your entire stream and&nbsp; make it much more discoverable just from following&nbsp;&nbsp; these five steps so stick around for that but&nbsp; first i want to say thank you to our sponsor&nbsp;&nbsp; own doll tv you guys should know about own dot&nbsp; tv by now they are a fantastic resource for any&nbsp;&nbsp; streamer whether you're just starting out or&nbsp; whether you're pretty experienced and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; just looking to add some more production value to&nbsp; your stream and the best part about owned is the&nbsp;&nbsp; fact that they have a huge library of animated and&nbsp; static overlays and even if you buy the same pack&nbsp;&nbsp; as someone else they are entirely modular which&nbsp; means you can pick and choose move things around&nbsp;&nbsp; and do whatever you want to the pack so you don't&nbsp; look the same as everyone else we have a link in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description guys so if you want to support&nbsp; me go and support them by clicking that link&nbsp;&nbsp; and checking out some of the own tv packs today&nbsp; okay so the first step to this entire process&nbsp;&nbsp; is something that you guys have heard me say&nbsp; over and over again but i have to reiterate it&nbsp;&nbsp; for new viewers and for the people who don't&nbsp; take this seriously and that is understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; your audience intent which means what your viewers&nbsp; want to see this is literally the most important&nbsp;&nbsp; step of this entire video this is your foundation&nbsp; this is the basics that will set you up so that&nbsp;&nbsp; every decision you make will be effective for&nbsp; growing your stream that's why i want you to go&nbsp;&nbsp; down to the comments section and while listening&nbsp; to these next few questions i'm going to ask you&nbsp;&nbsp; i want you to write down the answer to them and&nbsp; if you actually write these answers down and you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually think carefully about these you will be&nbsp; so much further ahead than every other streamer&nbsp;&nbsp; out there who's just going live and making random&nbsp; content hoping to grow the first question is&nbsp;&nbsp; who is the audience you want watching you i think&nbsp; a lot of people just say to themselves i want&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers but that's a huge demographic and you&nbsp; can't appeal to every single person on the planet&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to niche down and think about exactly&nbsp; who you want watching you this could be how old&nbsp;&nbsp; is your ideal audience are they teenagers or 18&nbsp; plus what do they like to do do they like anime&nbsp;&nbsp; painting call of duty animal crossing what are&nbsp; their viewing habits are they the type to actively&nbsp;&nbsp; type in chat or are they lurking while they work&nbsp; study or take a [ __ ] next we have to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; what they like to watch because if these people&nbsp; like to watch a certain thing that you don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to play or you don't want to create well then you&nbsp; don't have your audience locked in properly do&nbsp;&nbsp; they want to watch chill laid-back streams of&nbsp; starju valley would they prefer hardcore apex&nbsp;&nbsp; victories are they looking for someone to interact&nbsp; with live or are they like my audience who just&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to watch someone be incredibly bad at&nbsp; games for hours on end the next question is what&nbsp;&nbsp; streamers already have this audience who is this&nbsp; audience already watching are we to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; this very carefully pick an established streamer&nbsp; that might appeal to your ideal audience and think&nbsp;&nbsp; about what they're doing to attract those viewers&nbsp; are they playing brutally challenging games like&nbsp;&nbsp; ludwig are they hilarious and very community&nbsp; focused like ravs do they have an intensely&nbsp;&nbsp; interactive stream like bajo and then if you&nbsp; want to take it a step further there are two more&nbsp;&nbsp; questions you can answer every single stream that&nbsp; will set yourself up even more why would viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; click on your stream title and your thumbnail&nbsp; compared to the guy next to you and then second&nbsp;&nbsp; why are they gonna click on your discord go live&nbsp; your twitter go live or whatever go live you're&nbsp;&nbsp; posting what makes you special what makes them&nbsp; want to click on you when you're just starting out&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the answers to these questions are going&nbsp; to be based on what type of content creator you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to be and what type of content creators you&nbsp; already watch and that is totally fine but it is&nbsp;&nbsp; so important if you want to become a good streamer&nbsp; and a good content creator to take a step back&nbsp;&nbsp; and think of it from an audience's perspective&nbsp; think of it from a viewer's perspective because&nbsp;&nbsp; that's how you start to understand what they want&nbsp; to watch and how they're going to get engaged with&nbsp;&nbsp; you last time i talked about this concept i had&nbsp; a few people say to me i completely disagree lj&nbsp;&nbsp; you shouldn't do this you shouldn't just&nbsp; try and constantly appeal to your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what being a content creator is though you&nbsp; are a product and you are selling that product&nbsp;&nbsp; to a niche or a demographic if you find out that&nbsp; everyone loves buying chocolate chip ice cream but&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't like chocolate chip ice cream so you're&nbsp; gonna buy pistachio ice cream for your shop or&nbsp;&nbsp; you're just killing your business that's the same&nbsp; thing you need to think about your audience now if&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't want to comment down below because it's&nbsp; comment bait or whatever then that is totally fine&nbsp;&nbsp; write all of this down on a piece of paper instead&nbsp; we'll put it in a notebook or put it somewhere&nbsp;&nbsp; where you have to think about the answers to these&nbsp; questions and if you don't want to do any of that&nbsp;&nbsp; then stop watching this video because nothing i&nbsp; say in this video is going to help you and nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone says in any other video is going to help&nbsp; you moving forward because you need to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; who the audience is that wants to watch you and&nbsp; how you're going to appeal to them if you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to grow as a content creator that's just a fact&nbsp; for those of you who have written it down though&nbsp;&nbsp; and for those of you who have thought about their&nbsp; ideal audience this next step is perfect for you&nbsp;&nbsp; and now you have to completely change the way you&nbsp; look at streaming i see so many new creators say&nbsp;&nbsp; well i was going to be playing games anyway so&nbsp; i may as well stream it no wrong that is not how&nbsp;&nbsp; this works they are completely different streaming&nbsp; is content creation and creating content means&nbsp;&nbsp; providing value and essentially telling a story&nbsp; much like your stream stories have a beginning a&nbsp;&nbsp; middle and an end and that means early on your&nbsp; stream you need to establish what your goal of&nbsp;&nbsp; that stream is going to be so that people have a&nbsp; reason to want to stick around all the way through&nbsp;&nbsp; the same way in this video i established that&nbsp; there were two reasons to stick around to the end&nbsp;&nbsp; the first was that this video was going to&nbsp; completely change how you looked at streaming and&nbsp;&nbsp; give you the ability to keep people engaged for&nbsp; your entire stream and the second which is still&nbsp;&nbsp; coming up was the fact that the final tip would&nbsp; make you so much more discoverable than everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; else who's not thinking about this setting up and&nbsp; establishing a goal outside your stream or at any&nbsp;&nbsp; content is incredibly crucial for your audience&nbsp; retention a few example goals could be something&nbsp;&nbsp; like ludwig who says things like i am beating&nbsp; this brutally hard game today in x time frame&nbsp;&nbsp; or if you're a music streamer we'll learn this&nbsp; particular song today or if you're an art streamer&nbsp;&nbsp; painting master chief as if he was waluigi or&nbsp; maybe you're just chatting streamer and you have&nbsp;&nbsp; some easy content like i'm ranking every single&nbsp; type of chip flavor today or when i did my dark&nbsp;&nbsp; souls events i said i am beating the first three&nbsp; bosses tonight cater your goal to your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; so that you're thinking about what they want to&nbsp; see and what they're gonna stick around for so&nbsp;&nbsp; goals are pretty important if you want people to&nbsp; stick around and watch your entire stream but you&nbsp;&nbsp; also have to remember that goals just aren't fun&nbsp; or rewarding if there's no stakes as well after&nbsp;&nbsp; all if you don't complete your goal if you lose&nbsp; but nothing is lost well that's not really losing&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's also not overly entertaining either&nbsp; probably the most common example of stakes&nbsp;&nbsp; that you've seen across all of twitch is i will&nbsp; do x or else i will gift subs or it could be&nbsp;&nbsp; something else if i don't finish this painting of&nbsp; waluigi as master chief today then i will have to&nbsp;&nbsp; paint wario as cortana now i'm saying stakes here&nbsp; rather than the word punishment because i think&nbsp;&nbsp; stakes fits more types of streamers it doesn't&nbsp; always have to be a bad thing it could just be&nbsp;&nbsp; something like i'm revealing childhood photos&nbsp; or i'll make someone vip playing community games&nbsp;&nbsp; next week if i lose or hey i'll have to name my&nbsp; character after someone in chat for my dark souls&nbsp;&nbsp; event the stakes were a punishment though it was&nbsp; beating the first three bosses or i have to dye my&nbsp;&nbsp; hair purple at the end of that stream there are&nbsp; so many options you can set for your goal and&nbsp;&nbsp; for your stakes you just have to make sure that&nbsp; they're creative and appealing to your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; you're starting to see why understanding your&nbsp; audience is so important for content creators now&nbsp;&nbsp; right because everything you do is either going&nbsp; to engage or disengage viewers from your stream&nbsp;&nbsp; and you have to be comfortable with that and&nbsp; you have to be able to make confident decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; with what you're going to do to make sure you&nbsp; keep people engaged just like how goals are&nbsp;&nbsp; meaningless without stakes well stakes are kind&nbsp; of meaningless without hurdles to overcome if you&nbsp;&nbsp; set the goal that you have to beat three bosses in&nbsp; dark souls or else you're dying your hair but then&nbsp;&nbsp; you sail through really smoothly without any kind&nbsp; of hurdles or any kind of difficulty well that's&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of a boring stream so if you want to set up&nbsp; a really good story for your stream then you need&nbsp;&nbsp; to have those hurdles to overcome a lot of these&nbsp; hurdles can be natural for example in video games&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll have bosses puzzles and challenges to try&nbsp; and stop you if you're doing art it takes a long&nbsp;&nbsp; time music is hard to learn so there are things&nbsp; that will naturally be hurdles but you can take&nbsp;&nbsp; this a step further as well for example you could&nbsp; set up audience interaction to become your hurdles&nbsp;&nbsp; i've talked about my dark souls event a lot&nbsp; but it's just a really good example of how to&nbsp;&nbsp; integrate this for 100 bits you could make your&nbsp; audience force you to drop your controller or&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're an art streamer 250 bits and you have to&nbsp; change colors to whatever they pick there are ways&nbsp;&nbsp; for you to make your audience interact and engage&nbsp; i think bajo does this very well with just his&nbsp;&nbsp; general overlay moving on though before i show&nbsp; you guys how setting your streams up like this&nbsp;&nbsp; will set you up to be so much more discoverable&nbsp; than any other creator on this platform first we&nbsp;&nbsp; have to talk about payoffs the hardest part about&nbsp; goals or payoffs is that no matter who joins your&nbsp;&nbsp; stream whether it's at the beginning middle or&nbsp; end that person needs to instantly understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what the goal of that stream is to become engaged&nbsp; if they don't understand what the goal is if they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't understand what is happening then often&nbsp; they will disengage and try and find something&nbsp;&nbsp; that suits their needs better one of the easiest&nbsp; ways to look at this is just setting your title&nbsp;&nbsp; to be the goal and the stakes and the challenge&nbsp; by doing this it essentially gives people all the&nbsp;&nbsp; information they need instantly and titles are&nbsp; also very important for example i have a video&nbsp;&nbsp; all about how to set up your stream title to be&nbsp; engaging and clickable i haven't linked at the&nbsp;&nbsp; top of the description and hey here's a really&nbsp; unbiased comment from someone who's not me so&nbsp;&nbsp; if you really do want to see if it's a good video&nbsp; there you go so if you've set your goal up you've&nbsp;&nbsp; set your stakes up and you've set your hurdles&nbsp; up well then no matter what you're gonna have a&nbsp;&nbsp; successful stream and the best part is whether you&nbsp; succeed or fail at your goal it doesn't actually&nbsp;&nbsp; matter because if you succeed it means you've&nbsp; overcome hurdles and created engaging content&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you fail at your goal then that doesn't&nbsp; matter either because the stakes that you set up&nbsp;&nbsp; will have to be paid out because you'll look like&nbsp; an idiot at the end of your stream with purple&nbsp;&nbsp; hair because you couldn't beat three dark souls&nbsp; bosses in the first night either way the audience&nbsp;&nbsp; sees great content which makes them stick around&nbsp; and enjoy the stream for longer okay so the final&nbsp;&nbsp; tip is here the one that is going to completely&nbsp; change how discoverable you are you know how&nbsp;&nbsp; people keep saying to you that you need a youtube&nbsp; channel if you're looking to grow on twitch and&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're kind of sat there thinking but how do&nbsp; i make my stream into discoverable entertaining&nbsp;&nbsp; content well this formula is actually the best&nbsp; way to set up your stream to become a youtube&nbsp;&nbsp; video because by streaming like this you've&nbsp; essentially created a script for your entire&nbsp;&nbsp; video you've got your goal and your opener where&nbsp; you establish it that is the start of your video&nbsp;&nbsp; and then you've got your conclusion your payout&nbsp; and your stakes and that is the end of your video&nbsp;&nbsp; which means all you have to do is place those&nbsp; two things in and then work your way through&nbsp;&nbsp; creating highlights and all the best bits and&nbsp; telling a story with the journey that you went on&nbsp;&nbsp; and bam you've created a perfect youtube video&nbsp; with a good structure that keeps people hooked&nbsp;&nbsp; and engaged for the end beginning middle end&nbsp; book content payoff every single piece of content&nbsp;&nbsp; out there follows this exact formula and you&nbsp; need to be following this exact formula as well&nbsp;&nbsp; now i know there is going to be someone&nbsp; in the youtube comments who says&nbsp;&nbsp; lj uh there are thousands of streamers out there&nbsp; who don't do this and they're successful and hey&nbsp;&nbsp; you're right there are content creators out there&nbsp; who can be a lot more free with it and generally&nbsp;&nbsp; still create good content the only thing i have&nbsp; to say to that is i'm not as talented as them&nbsp;&nbsp; so i have to put a lot more work in if i'm willing&nbsp; to grow and i want to actually make this my career&nbsp;&nbsp; but hey that's just me maybe you can go&nbsp; live maybe you can start streaming maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have to think about your&nbsp; audience at all and you'll be fine&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm gonna get so many sassy comments on this&nbsp; video if you watched 100 comment sassy down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @StreamScheme [41 likes]: Spending more time on editing, doing less call to actions, and general fluff! Hope it makes watching better!:_streamSalute:Let me know in the comments! If you want to join our growing community check out our other content: https://bit.ly/JoinTheStreamScheme □
🕘Timestamps:
0:00 Video Start!
0:20 One Of The WORST Feelings In The World!
1:09 OWN3D Ad Read!
1:40 How To Understand What Viewers Want to Watch!
5:20 How To Hook Your Viewers To Keep Watching You!
6:45 How To Make Your Stream Entertaining!
8:05 How To Keep Viewers Engaged In Your Stream!
9:10 How To Make Clear Goals And Payoffs!
9:58 Why This Is The BEST Way To Create Content!
10:30 How To Edit Your Stream Into Youtube Content!
  2. @Nomidy [3 likes]: 0:30 tip don't watch the view count, assume people are always watching
  3. @deystroying [1 likes]: Fortnite balistic players 10+ lurking and active, twitchE redtf tstone ,chill chill comp, good, overlays, watch me cause chill good funny 😁 i am getting winning 15 games in 2 hrs or i make someone in chat mod,
  4. @mrdent5648: new streamer here and watching these tip vids has given me some very useful pointers. while i still have issues (only 2 weeks in) i have a few regulars already and it's really keeping the channel going. i've found that not rushing and doing things bit by bit such as scene creation, adding elements and asking for my followers opinions and considering their suggestions is a good way to improve what i do and most of all i've found that they are being valued. for example, i had to re-do everything because something went wrong with obs and stream elements so i took the opportunity to fine tune everything and the feedback i've had has been positive and it looks much more focused and clean.
  5. @Gingerbread2lol: 3:48 i know that person on youtube outside of twitch streaming i love her vr content
  6. @ragnathewulf: Great Content man and this is 4yrs ago finding me in 2026,  really into the grind to become a Content Creator as a Variety Streamer, all you said here really makes me think one step further on how can I improve or be better. All things come from hard work and some ppl need to work harder to get the same.
  7. @ragnathewulf: Sassy :face-blue-smiling:
  8. @forbobgaming: Sassy! Why btw?

Great video. I've been watching a lot of beginner streaming tps but this video gave me an idea about what to do with my videos.

Thanks for all rour content.
  9. @lolalewinskyxo: sassy 🤭🤭
  10. @Princess_Natkins: sassy
  11. @Scramboozle: Sassy lol
  12. @GrisWhitelight: 4 years latter this is still SO MUCH VALID! - if they are sassy comments then the truth hurt them sorry not sorry
  13. @ShaunYTX: What Im after and looking for is an audience who would wanna watch rocket league/gacha story games (maybe horror games on a special day) and be chill and chat with each other my goal is be a variety streamer with a great COMMUNITY and just hangout in a stream talk about whatever and just have a great time 

Ps I made a tweet about what people would wanna watch if they were to watch my stream and come back
  14. @Mbarepingu: Thanks man, I am so glad about this video it changed my whole perspective. I thought it was about just streaming the games you love but that ain't it.
  15. @Phuturegrits: sassy
  16. @Phuturegrits: Im looking for an audience between the age of 18+ (huge gap lol) who likes variety gaming focused more towards story aspects of games. Dont mind if you type in chat or just lurk, me and the game talk to each other enough lol. Someone who would appeal is sorta like summit 1g (without the gun games lol).
  17. @FREDGEZONEGAMES: Sassy
  18. @shielavlogZ: New content creator here and I am here to take notes. UvU)/ 💙 I want to grow my viewers and I known i need to learn a lot of things. From getting viewers and understanding them, to keeping viewers (also scbrs) are few of what I need to learn. Fighting!
  19. @fallstdudasließtsubmabitti: sassy
  20. @Chiltonization: Sassy

- Viewers Decide The Videos #1 - A͏s͏mongold Media Share (Welfare Wednesday): Kind: captions Language: en this was news to me did you know that two out of three guys will experience some form of male pattern baldness by the time that they're 35 and so with keeps they aim to help you stop your hair loss before it's too late with their scientific and affordable and with cubes you can visit a doctor online waiting rooms pharmacy no that's not about me it's not that's not targeted ad what do you mean dude somebody donated that it's not for me man that's for you i'm not going bald look at my hair my hair is good dude like i have no no balding whatsoever damn my phone is so old and messed up just buy a new one yeah easy hey the card has declined oh cause she couldn't afford it okay that's clever i guess my brother josh blew himself up and his two kids what nah i just no dude okay you guys it's been over a year and you're still doing the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gnome [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like really yeah okay yeah it's delicious what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrong with these people what kind of weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] donate this or a little bit some right fool [Music] yeah the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay what if it was all just a dream spongebob isn't a dream it's real life wait minecraft that's a nightmare it's all just a dream good it's i'm ready to wake up now i'm ready to wake up and go on my intergalactic spaceship and go back to the moon yeah this is good oh no no they had to show that one lazy town okay i think about that sometimes it's like what if i wake up in the next day and it's like none of this ever happened you know i don't know is it weird for me to think about that i think about all the time and the weird thing is like it's always ambiguous whether you're excited about that reality or not i think that's the coolest thing about it a little bottle of water a little bottle of water a little bottle of water that was really good that was okay that was actually really really good okay the phantom exterior like fish eggs interior like suicide wrist rags i could exercise you this could be your visit cheat on your man homie i tried to sneak through the door man can't make it can't make it the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuck out my legs dude i swear to god if you don't stop that i'm gonna break your nico nico kneecaps oh my god all right you know what actually that was pretty good because that's somebody getting mad at weeb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and so i'm going to consider that acceptable yeah it's completely fine are you winning son no he's not wait that would mean he's no man what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who is this like yeah what is going on this guy's nuts yeah that's what i do too i'll be like i better get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here i really am looking like dr eggman huh oh no it's danny devito look at that dude oh my god look at that head what is that that's what he did yesterday right oh my god dude that does not look like me at all okay come on over here come on you're not an intellectual you're a fake of fraud oh god i love that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] game man like that's who we need to get on all crap this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alex jones that'd be amazing okay that was actually a good one i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loved that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah i i see you know alex jones is in austin i'm surprised i haven't run into him but i guess probably not because i never leave the house this is working out there it is just step on it step on it it's not a big deal to be fair i killed all the spiders i'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i'll take a potato chip and eat it yeah that's why i don't watch anime yeah it's like stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that i see it and i'm like ah you know what that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dumb that's some dumb ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like 100 that's some weird champ dumb ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know i don't underst you watch them in original voice why would i watch something in japanese i don't speak japanese that's weird to me i've never understood that it it's been a whole year it's been an entire year like didn't that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come out in 2018 it's been two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] years and they're still doing it well yeah i guess yeah it looks like the time machine did work that's great uh actually i wish that was the case because people are just being [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] boring as usual i don't know what else to say blizzard get out of here dude look at this online dude bless online your donors oh good donut from an unborn grandchild yeah didn't you didn't hear the ding ding also my gear is broken i know what you need to do you need to take a 45 minute break to make sure everything's kosher man you know the worst part about this is i remember half of these these were all responses that he made talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me that's the thing is that all of it is like i something stupid happened to me and then it's him laughing at it he's like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot that's what he gets yeah it's the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man i don't even know what else to say about that what is this [Applause] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude you go for the gold damn okay well that made no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense at all like there was like there's nothing to that at all okay it's all right good great uh thank you very much fiddlesticks developers really appreciate this all right yeah thank you guys so much let's see how the game is watch okay countryside's on edge after fuss barrel yeah so mages they show up oh no what's in the woods i wonder if it's a wolf oh my god it's gone oh no hey ted wreck actually yeah this is actual gameplay right kendrick is this a good game guys help me it's slenderman that's league how the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does that make any sense yeah i'm reading it here it says champion update trailer that's insane really cool are you kidding me here's a question how do you even know this exists like i didn't know this video like how do you find this video on the internet that's the question that i have it's like how does this happen how do you pick this up about yet they watch it well it's like what do you search like anime girls dancing cool music like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this like i don't even know it's so weird man degeneracy yeah i think it really is it's it's kind of uh it's kind of odd i'll say that for look at sure it's remember i asked for tech support advice it's the same thing it's great look at that guys oh thank you so much guys look at that hey guys how do i get help with this yeah that was really really fun man such a proven has taken this year just since the outbreak has taken more than 100 years look here's the lives it's just it's i when you think about it come on man i say stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too so i don't really hold it against joe biden but i am gonna say that if that guy gets elected he's gonna make george bush okay i i think i've seen this one before that's very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clever man yeah that's very very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clever a 2013 meme well at least it fits together kind of well so i'm not gonna hate it too much that's funny enough okay what the hell is going on oh thomas the flamethrower oh my god this is why you don't want to have a.i by the way don't show this video to elon musk he'll make it real what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this dude this is crazy oh my god it's vietnam holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh my god i like how he's on spider lakes i think that's it he's summoning satan holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man that's scary dude thank you so much i really appreciate that that's so uh that's so high quality yeah thank you thank you thank you that's great stick bug yeah i guess oh i do this in video games that's cool dude i wonder if he hit anything probably not yeah that's kind of no carl there will be no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and ball torture in my classrooms quack oh okay miss fritz i'm about to head out well that would be really funny if i was 12. oh great oh great uh that's good i'm so glad that we have this clip yeah there we go and you know what like watch watch the element watch the golem whenever he spawns that was some horse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] watch how he spawns watch how he spawns dude i was out of that that's a that's horse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everybody knows that's horse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's not the same shirt i'm wearing a different shirt yeah listen that that was some bull and that was almost a one shot too that's what was so crazy i would have one shot that boss too like if i had done that everybody would have known that i was better than they were but unfortunately i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up man i feel like such an idiot for that man it had to hurt uh yeah it did i'm rena brilliant i don't know i really did it's a bad time what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banned german ninja turtles oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what up boys yeah why'd this get banned yeah all right yeah now i see i see why now okay that makes a lot of sense yeah makes perfect sense and it probably would look like a pickle right this is whenever you finish super mario world maybe they should genetically engineer those kinds of things to be real they'll be like little pets that will uh what would they even do probably just like look at hentai and install viruses on your computer right probably not a whole lot it is that's what i say how do they take my wine that's what i say like i like how they all say it at the same time that was impressive yeah dude he took my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] line man well i guess yeah it is what it is oh great thank you so much here we go i love refrigerators take me home pet me and make me yours and don't forget to stuff me see me like my wittle baby taylor for your bulgy kisses and licking's your neck i hope daddy like eats thousands and what thank you for not having more money thank you so much for not having me okay okay dude i knew this was coming yeah i i knew this was coming here we go oh my god warrior of darkness yeah sure but you can't be mean to anybody in the game or you'll get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] banned such a joke such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joke dude yeah do you believe in god no dead you believe in god george carlin is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] genius like i george carlin is in my opinion the greatest comedian of all time like i i love george carlin is this what is this what they think american culture is it's actually pretty close it would be more accurate if the guy had differently colored hair though everything else is about the same it is fine welcome back i feel like this is cringe already good check out a meme to show you all right john show us your name this is dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we just paid off your bounty and excellent monster this right here this is definitely a kick my friend this is so thanks touch this is so bad i also gotta mean what i wanted to show you this is so bad who does this oh my god and like why did they have the mic the mic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come on you know that is a definite kick right there oh my god that's not a turn to you know i don't know if he's faking his memes they're cringe dutch these means a cringe i'll show you a real meme something black lung and johnny ball i could never come up with different that's the real meme settle down hold up show me to me what son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's so bad like that's so it's so bad like i cannot even get over how bad that is that is so absolutely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awful holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why does that exist like that is not keck at all okay like and the fact that you would even call it keck is cringe in itself like oh my god time to die what bad murder the christian stop being awake and when you see a threat a human again stop being weak this is good parasites holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i can taste your weakness oh my god this is perfect i will go to hell before i sit here and i watch this country and the world turned over to these savages i'm done i'm here and i'm not putting up with it anymore bro i legit want to play the game now like that doesn't work bro that sells it that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sells it like that's so good damn holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah play it yeah it makes me want to dude yeah oh there we go i really appreciate you not donating the full 10 hours because i feel like even that video was too long bald wow requested by asman mauld man we really have some have some really funny people here huh yo is this the vtuber thing this is the future of twitch i don't know if i want like i thought about doing a vtuber thing i think that would be funny but i would make it to where i would look even more disgusting than i normally do wake up yes sir wake up yes sir just finish the order you lazy cow hurry up yes [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off watch my stuff get in there what's wrong with you look at me are you ignorant [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look at my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eyes when i'm talking to you god damn disgusting i'm trying to work challenging communicate wake up yes sure you what's wrong with you this guy's such an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i love it hey hello come in and i actually don't think he's an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at all he's just uh what is that he he knows what he wants what what is that what is that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off really yet [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off will you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off okay use those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pieces of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is a good show this makes me want to watch gordon ramsay just kidding [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] two salmon one table telly does this happen on this one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mess mata holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] god damn pokemon but apparently it was even better than is twitch watch like what is this god i guess so great it goes right on his dick that's great oh god man who makes this who does this dude this is so nasty it's so weird is this the people that watch like uh i feel like anybody who uses copy pasta on twitch watches pog at least that was kind of clever okay at least that was kind of clever i'm fine with that totally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good let's do it again all right boss fight i think i've had that happen to me in dark souls a number of times that's clever i like it oh is this gonna be the yeah it is i've never seen that one before but i've never done that one before i mean but uh i guess that works yeah i love the dark souls [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man i think that stuff's hilarious oh look at that creation of the scale runner dude i'm so excited to play this game i really am it's gonna be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like i just hope that i hope this game is as good as i think that it will be i think that's what it comes down to i really just hope it's as good as i think it'll be i would be so happy if it was look at that always riding it for a second i thought it was something doing something else besides riding in oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he's going around i'm gonna have that as a mount be able to ride around high quality very very high quality no trash yeah it looks okay man the lizard walks listen obviously a game could not be good i think we all know that but uh let's hope that the game is good because that would make it classic wow class warrior yeah wait no i do more damage than that what no hey [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off guys man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who donated this paddy probably plays a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mage wait what yeah yeah yeah level up your skill okay okay he's rooted in place i see that that's you aid me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you whoever i require man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude no man no dude okay yeah that's right that's right now we go in there we beat the ass dude we beat the ass dude you are going to dps very very slow pull aggro immediately dude yep that's right dude that's right look at that dude this is actually this is a real clip for the game [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it man god dude it feels so good like being a warrior in classic it just makes you feel like you're a better person than other people you know like it really is something special i love it like i need to do aq again today actually i probably should do that later on yeah you're just you're just simply better than they are and there's nothing they can do about it wow cow panda what is this oh wow some real smart guys this is where mcconnell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i was actually mad about this i was remembered i was pissed and he laughed and then he looked look at you a dick he is finished yeah look what cool he does look he does and he starts making fun of me he's talking about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] come here buddy watch i'm trying to get away from him i'm going back to my car oh i'm gonna drive back to the house you died yet i'm working on it he blew up the car that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was so good dude that game was so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fun man i love these oh what's going on here uh up in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] of teemo wait he did his fist like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay never mind yeah i realize what's going on this better not be this better be something funny okay all right i'm interested now it is wednesday my dudes oh it's jimmy dude i love jimmy man i've i've met jimmy a few wake up libra [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wake up sleepy head watching breakfast hello hell yeah brother yeah is that what we're supposed to say here i don't even it doesn't make any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense ball guys oh and we can laugh at it because it's a movie it's mine dude was that was clever dude that was actually really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clever this is so wrong i'm the king what was i thinking oh my god this is totally what they do what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i shall pay for this with my life once i ensure that the king will rule i based off of that 10 second clip don't want to watch that show like i feel like that show would give me brain damage if i watched it like it's just it's ridiculous oh my god really are you really gonna do this is this just gonna be a final wow that's so cool okay he hits the target dummy cool it's still not as cool as black desert still not as cool as black desert i'm sorry it's not see the reason why yeah he has to wait 2.5 seconds between every attack my atm is 30 or 20. yeah it's great i'm sorry but like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like cell dweller 2006 electronic [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] medals oh these are pretty cool all right some of those were clever i guess so yeah some of those were kind of clever uh not super puddles don't drink it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you oh you stupid ass kid that's nasty by sherloyd oh rebecca and don't forget all these troubles we got until somebody did not know how to flush the toilet after they've had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for me well i was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one of you oh why didn't they put that online why would they put that on oh it's so gross you might be flapping the rich lady under your spell it's gonna take more than that to impress me listen if halo infinite is good i'm gonna play it but i've got very low expectations to be honest i feel like it's gonna be dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i i don't know i just feel like it's going to be dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] welcome to the battle of sterling bridge 1297. let's meet the leaders on me all right i like how brian has the best actual scottish accent that's the best part of it like he actually sounds the most authentic even though he's not even dressed up that's the funniest thing man i'm brian yeah that's brian it's me all right let's go and we are here today is the day yeah and it's about to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happen yup dude there it is here it is it's about to happen boys that's good all right here we go voice it's time let's do it this is a good day this is a very good day watch this watch it watch everyone watch oh my god i still cannot even believe that happened you

  Top Comments:
  1. @xbon1 [4 likes]: bro used to hate anime now he hosts a bunch of anime girls in mythic talent, lmao.
  2. @gaburierusan8179 [4 likes]: Alot of streamers don't mature and stay with the same age of audience. Asmon instead choose to grow up with his audience
  3. @QQWoLPHie [3 likes]: if he would have taken that hair offer...
  4. @Psych0logy1012-p [2 likes]: It's only been 5 years..... To see these memes...... The world is changing fast friends.
  5. @tzuyd [2 likes]: George Carlin was mid.
  6. @Bleach-Souxp [1 likes]: 12:40 ts summoned a whole game
  7. @Breezedrix [1 likes]: Back when he wasn't a total pos
  8. @savitarr1162 [1 likes]: I miss these
  9. @Joshin81 [1 likes]: 21:59 lmao 🤣🤣🤣 This dude fn cries for vtubers now😅
  10. @MKendrick007 [1 likes]: I miss these streams
  11. @natman2939 [1 likes]: my brain can't compute how WoW players can be like "omg weeb shit so cringe" bro you're WoW players!!!!
  12. @mateoalvarezmontoya4057: 25:19 well... this aged poorly
  13. @AitoLaikoSamoMoaCawfy: wow watching this in 2026 is so different. This is why if I'm sent back in time instead of being excited, I'd be pist-off instead because things that i remember wouldn't be there, like "ohh i forgot internet isn't a thing here yet", "why are all roads freaking dirt and sand", or "where's the online cash and what is this 90's currency" XD



Edit: Spelling mistake.
    Also 12:05 "Thomas the predator engine" "Sykkuno just followed you"
-Mujin (how to become worse than the guy you're accusing of being a dangerous predator and crash out so bad on twitter)

             23:05 what in a brainrot
             25:20 oooffff
  14. @Alcariuspresents: This video was pretty kek.
  15. @RikaFlat: 11:02 clamidiya :/
  16. @LichlordKazam: ninja turtles ad got taken down because it had ninja turtles. No other reason, nope.
  17. @Wizardi1111: Asmon is away for a week on vacation so time to rewatch some oldies
  18. @skilldriverofdarkness7303: Papa tutu is short about anime mecha short Poland girl sing the
  19. @sunshine8AZ: 25:24 Oh yeah?  Hrmmmmm
  20. @jahoyhoy9097: Drink every time he talks over the video

- How to gain control of your free time | Laura Vanderkam | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Leslie Gauthier Reviewer: Camille Martínez When people find out I write about time management, they assume two things. One is that I'm always on time, and I'm not. I have four small children, and I would like to blame them for my occasional tardiness, but sometimes it's just not their fault. I was once late to my own speech on time management. (Laughter) We all had to just take a moment together and savor that irony. The second thing they assume is that I have lots of tips and tricks for saving bits of time here and there. Sometimes I'll hear from magazines that are doing a story along these lines, generally on how to help their readers find an extra hour in the day. And the idea is that we'll shave bits of time off everyday activities, add it up, and we'll have time for the good stuff. I question the entire premise of this piece, but I'm always interested in hearing what they've come up with before they call me. Some of my favorites: doing errands where you only have to make right-hand turns -- Being extremely judicious in microwave usage: it says three to three-and-a-half minutes on the package, we're totally getting in on the bottom side of that. And my personal favorite, which makes sense on some level, is to DVR your favorite shows so you can fast-forward through the commercials. That way, you save eight minutes every half hour, so in the course of two hours of watching TV, you find 32 minutes to exercise. Which is true. You know another way to find 32 minutes to exercise? Don't watch two hours of TV a day, right? Anyway, the idea is we'll save bits of time here and there, add it up, we will finally get to everything we want to do. But after studying how successful people spend their time and looking at their schedules hour by hour, I think this idea has it completely backward. We don't build the lives we want by saving time. We build the lives we want, and then time saves itself. Here's what I mean. I recently did a time diary project looking at 1,001 days in the lives of extremely busy women. They had demanding jobs, sometimes their own businesses, kids to care for, maybe parents to care for, community commitments -- busy, busy people. I had them keep track of their time for a week so I could add up how much they worked and slept, and I interviewed them about their strategies, for my book. One of the women whose time log I studied goes out on a Wednesday night for something. She comes home to find that her water heater has broken, and there is now water all over her basement. If you've ever had anything like this happen to you, you know it is a hugely damaging, frightening, sopping mess. So she's dealing with the immediate aftermath that night, next day she's got plumbers coming in, day after that, professional cleaning crew dealing with the ruined carpet. All this is being recorded on her time log. Winds up taking seven hours of her week. Seven hours. That's like finding an extra hour in the day. But I'm sure if you had asked her at the start of the week, "Could you find seven hours to train for a triathlon?" to mentor seven worthy people?" I'm sure she would've said what most of us would've said, which is, "No -- can't you see how busy I am?" Yet when she had to find seven hours because there is water all over her basement, she found seven hours. And what this shows us is that time is highly elastic. We cannot make more time, but time will stretch to accommodate what we choose to put into it. And so the key to time management is treating our priorities as the equivalent of that broken water heater. To get at this, I like to use language from one of the busiest people I ever interviewed. By busy, I mean she was running a small business with 12 people on the payroll, she had six children in her spare time. I was getting in touch with her to set up an interview on how she "had it all" -- that phrase. I remember it was a Thursday morning, and she was not available to speak with me. Of course, right? But the reason she was unavailable to speak with me is that she was out for a hike, because it was a beautiful spring morning, and she wanted to go for a hike. So of course this makes me even more intrigued, and when I finally do catch up with her, she explains it like this. She says, "Listen Laura, everything I do, every minute I spend, is my choice." And rather than say, "I don't have time to do x, y or z," she'd say, "I don't do x, y or z because it's not a priority." "I don't have time," often means "It's not a priority." If you think about it, that's really more accurate language. I could tell you I don't have time to dust my blinds, but that's not true. If you offered to pay me $100,000 I would get to it pretty quickly. Since that is not going to happen, I can acknowledge this is not a matter of lacking time; it's that I don't want to do it. Using this language reminds us that time is a choice. And granted, there may be horrible consequences for making different choices, I will give you that. But we are smart people, and certainly over the long run, we have the power to fill our lives with the things that deserve to be there. So how do we do that? How do we treat our priorities of that broken water heater? Well, first we need to figure out what they are. I want to give you two strategies for thinking about this. The first, on the professional side: I'm sure many people coming up to the end of the year are giving or getting annual performance reviews. You look back over your successes over the year, your "opportunities for growth." And this serves its purpose, but I find it's more effective to do this looking forward. So I want you to pretend it's the end of next year. You're giving yourself a performance review, and it has been an absolutely amazing year for you professionally. What three to five things did you do that made it so amazing? So you can write next year's performance review now. And you can do this for your personal life, too. I'm sure many of you, like me, come December, get cards that contain these folded up sheets of colored paper, on which is written what is known as the family holiday letter. Bit of a wretched genre of literature, really, going on about how amazing everyone in the household is, or even more scintillating, how busy everyone in the household is. But these letters serve a purpose, which is that they tell your friends and family what you did in your personal life that mattered to you over the year. So this year's kind of done, but I want you to pretend it's the end of next year, and it has been an absolutely amazing year for you and the people you care about. year's family holiday letter now. Don't send it. Please, don't send it. But you can write it. And now, between the performance review and the family holiday letter, we have a list of six to ten goals we can work on in the next year. And now we need to break these down into doable steps. So maybe you want to write a family history. First, you can read some other family histories, get a sense for the style. Then maybe think about the questions you want to ask your relatives, set up appointments to interview them. Or maybe you want to run a 5K. So you need to find a race and sign up, figure out a training plan, and dig those shoes out of the back of the closet. And then -- this is key -- we treat our priorities as the equivalent of that broken water heater, by putting them into our schedules first. We do this by thinking through our weeks before we are in them. I find a really good time to do this is Friday afternoons. Friday afternoon is what an economist might call a "low opportunity cost" time. Most of us are not sitting there on Friday afternoons saying, "I am excited to make progress toward my personal and professional priorities right now." But we are willing to think about what those should be. So take a little bit of time Friday afternoon, make yourself a three-category priority list: career, relationships, self. Making a three-category list reminds us that there should be something in all three categories. Career, we think about; relationships, self -- not so much. But anyway, just a short list, two to three items in each. Then look out over the whole of the next week, and see where you can plan them in. Where you plan them in is up to you. I know this is going to be more complicated for some people than others. I mean, some people's lives are just harder than others. It is not going to be easy to find time to take that poetry class if you are caring for multiple children on your own. I get that. And I don't want to minimize anyone's struggle. But I do think that the numbers I am about to tell you are empowering. There are 168 hours in a week. Twenty-four times seven is 168 hours. That is a lot of time. If you are working a full-time job, so 40 hours a week, sleeping eight hours a night, so 56 hours a week -- that leaves 72 hours for other things. You say you're working 50 hours a week, maybe a main job and a side hustle. Well, that leaves 62 hours for other things. You say you're working 60 hours. Well, that leaves 52 hours You say you're working more than 60 hours. Well, are you sure? There was once a study comparing people's estimated work weeks with time diaries. They found that people claiming 75-plus-hour work weeks were off by about 25 hours. You can guess in which direction, right? Anyway, in 168 hours a week, I think we can find time for what matters to you. If you want to spend more time with your kids, you want to study more for a test you're taking, you want to exercise for three hours and volunteer for two, you can. And that's even if you're working way more than full-time hours. So we have plenty of time, which is great, because guess what? We don't even need that much time to do amazing things. But when most of us have bits of time, what do we do? Pull out the phone, right? Start deleting emails. Otherwise, we're puttering around the house or watching TV. But small moments can have great power. You can use your bits of time for bits of joy. Maybe it's choosing to read something wonderful on the bus on the way to work. I know when I had a job that required two bus rides and a subway ride every morning, I used to go to the library on weekends to get stuff to read. It made the whole experience almost, almost, enjoyable. Breaks at work can be used for meditating or praying. If family dinner is out because of your crazy work schedule, maybe family breakfast could be a good substitute. It's about looking at the whole of one's time and seeing where the good stuff can go. I truly believe this. There is time. Even if we are busy, we have time for what matters. And when we focus on what matters, we can build the lives we want in the time we've got. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sitinuraisyah08 [2 likes]: We don't build the lives we want by saving time, We build the live we wants and then time saves itself.

I don't have time = it's not my priority.

Time is a choice and every Choice had consequences but We have the power to fill our lives with the things that deserve to be there

First we need to figure out what they are.
1. The professional side
Pretend that it's the end of next year you're giving urself a performance review and it has been an absolutely amazing year for u professionally, write down what 3-5 things did u do that made it so amazing? And do the same thing for personal life too like writing the family holiday letter that tell ur friends and family what u did in your personal life that mattered to u over the year

Now we have 6-10 goals we can work on in the next year then we need to break these down into doable steps

We treat our priorities by putting them Into our schedule first.
We do this by thinking through our weeks before we are in them (exp: Friday afternoon) when we are willing to think about what those (doable steps) should be. So take a little bit of time in Friday afternoon and make a three-category priority list (career, relationship and self)
Make 2-3 items in each. Then look out over the whole of the next week and see where u can plan them in.

There are 168 hours in a week and we can find time for what matters to u. 

U can use a bits of time for bits of joy. Like choosing something to read on the bus on the way to work.

There is time, even when we're busy we have time to what matters and when we focus on what matters we can build the lives we want in the time we've got
  2. @coachbeena [1 likes]: There are 168 hours in a week  Even with a full-time job and eight hours of sleep a night, you still have 72 hours left for other pursuits.

Prioritize Ruthlessly for three categories career, relationships, and self. Make schedule to include them every week. 
Utilize all small moments
  3. @anmol__00900 [1 likes]: Step one : stop watching YouTube at 1 Am
  4. @IKRAMIKRAM-d9h: Great video
  5. @0088Tanha: Who is watching this video to enhance your IELTS listening?
  6. @SMD24: Title wise, this is where I think life becomes a situation and the reason is I heard an employee story demanding to work only 4 days a week, 5 hours a day at an office and to me that's just not fair regardless of the car traffic in a situation and not only but people on the manual labor side well they work more especially retail-factory-fast foods/food industry. Like for me I never got that and I worked manual labor jobs I worked 6 days a week in retail alongside a few 10 hour shifts on retail holidays and some 6 days a week in the food industry and if all these headquarter owned office jobs associated well I think people should work 6 days a week/6 to 8 hours a day either at home or in office. Anyways, that's just not fair within a civil war of Employee vs. Employee from 2 different things in a situation. Not only that, it's not fair where an employee in office has time to make friends and go to clubs and stuff where people in manual don't have that opportunity of exposure, learning, and gaining insight
  7. @MustafaNaiby-m8o: This video is from 9 years ago at that time social media and AI didn't exist and wasted our time deleting Emails ha!?
  8. @GvnJk-p2o2t: I was once late for my speech on Time Management" haha epic
  9. @LisaGiesler: As a professional organizer, I’ve seen it as well. The only thing that I watch with this is the cleaning and decluttering of the house and those who have the resources to hire the extra help versus those who are doing it on their own and I know what people will say. Higher for the low things which is true, but I was burning myself out because I was very successful so I decided to step back on how much I was hustling to get more work to get this big six figure salary and I’m actually happier because I have more money in my account because I’m not paying all the extra networking and staff and I actually have time to be at home and I’ve written four books.
  10. @raniellewalisson8268: Watched and added to "watched later"
  11. @NhưLâm-u1u: amazing, watch online but clapped at the end
  12. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know that personal person wants only letdown
  13. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: She is person back photo
  14. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Who is looking u .u know 🤔🧠
  15. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know if go ancient times.. thought can happen wrong and can go good way
  16. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Science 🔭.. who am I 🤔
  17. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: U know it's way only going now time, if it's time down 👇 u feel automatic
  18. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Actually time spent its own wish..if 🧠 want looking love song, dance.. its human rights.. but real man time spent looking another level if nothing else, but progress by look got new idea..its time spent
  19. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Hello 👋
  20. @faisayousuf2351: Even if we are busy, we have time for what matters!

- Stop telling people your business.: Kind: captions Language: en hey janet good morning patrice did you do anything fun this weekend pause do i tell her that i rewatched season six of lost in my underwear surrounded by ice cream having an existential crisis uh not much [Music] hello everybody this is kelly stamps or maybe it's not kelly stamps what if this entire time i have been lying to you what if my name is actually petunia envelope see you really don't know anything about me it's not because i am intentionally being secretive it's just that privacy is imperative to my well-being today's video is a suggestion to become a more private person notice grasshopper i said suggestion i don't think it's mandatory or extremely important to be a private person however nothing bad comes from not telling people your business when you tell people all of your business it creates space for negativity and gives the appearance that you have no boundaries i learned this rule way too late i used to tell people all of my business thank goodness it was before i had a large following on youtube because i was messy on social media i was sharing family disputes i was sharing like my bank account i would say guys ha like i have 200 left in my bank account what should i go spend it on carl's jr yes the answer is always yes you should get chicken stars i don't care how destitute you are i would share every little detail about my relationship with my ex-boyfriend it's so weird to think that i was once in a relationship i feel like i'm like a betta fish i'm just kind of meant to be alone but i really like having crushes on people anyway i shared so much info about me that honestly other people did not need to know did it enrich their day no did it add joy to their life no did anyone actually care no those are the three things i ask myself before i speak or before i put out a video don't give people more info than they need to know i made it my goal for 2021 and moving forward operate on a need to know basis in regards to my comment on boundaries when you tell people too much it kind of raises red flags i feel like as an individual when people tell me oh so and so did this and my friend did this and oh my goodness this happened and or when i watch influencers youtubers instagrammers saying things like guys thank god i got my period today i'm like when i see people like this sharing every little detail of their life it screams to me that they need validation maybe they need an audience because they're not that interesting of a person it makes me think that they're probably sharing my info that i shared with them and chances are your gut instinct is right and like you saw with my introductory skit it's okay to not tell people your business you don't have to be mean or rude and i think sometimes people misconstrue privacy and the need to just be a little more discreet for anti-social behavior or being rude it's not rude to just keep your personal life personal when you tell everybody every detail about your personal life including maybe your goals or plans like i said in a previous video why i love being alone um it creates space for negativity and judgment but there are things that i keep to myself such as goals i have one plan that i'm working on i'm so excited about it and i don't want anyone else to crush that dream for me most people don't no one has ever said anything bad about it but one person did a long time ago this person said ooh i don't know about that because you know that career doesn't pay that well why would you do that instead of youtube why would you do don't worry about it because that person doesn't understand your passions or what makes you excited in the morning so instead tell everybody if you need to if you want to share things tell it when it's done tell the people about your plans when you have your degree in your hand tell them about your big house you bought once you're inside sipping wine watching desperate housewives don't set yourself up to get your feelings hurt i just want to say it's so nice to see myself again talking it was so hard before i was old school youtubing with that big camera i had i was like i hope i'm in the shot now i am here i feel more present just side note people if you're doing youtube and it's your hobby or your living you don't need large expensive equipment for that because this is a camera this is like the lowest cost vlogging camera that is an all-in-one deal called the sony's ev-1 this is not sponsored okay you are entitled to your privacy you have zero obligations to anyone else stampede rise say it with me i am entitled to my privacy thank you please take a seat you don't have to tell anyone anything i might end up sharing the states yes states i have two apartments i might end up sharing the places that i live but i'm just not going to share the city because even yes as a social media person i believe i am not obligated to share anything that i'm uncomfortable with and obviously i have a reason for not sharing it i can decide okay what are my healthy boundaries what do i feel comfortable with sharing with my viewers what do i not feel comfortable with so i'm figuring that out now but i can tell you just by me moving from boston to this new place and furnishing the other place i feel so in control of my life again and i didn't know where my anxiety was coming from it's the fact that we i don't care like you you have three subscribers 3 000 3 million we share too much information naturally and it can hurt us in many different ways a large danger of over sharing with people is the possibility of getting robbed time to get the spectacles out because i'm gonna scare you in 2017 a stalker murdered his ex from her social media updates criminals use social media as a tool to rob your ideas how do they do this easily because we are prone to updating our stories i used to post in and out i would say i'm at the ice rink but that's not the danger forget stalking for a second the bigger danger is people robbing your house because when you announce on facebook to all your little country family you know who they are the cousins who you wouldn't want to invite to your home because your ps5 is there your shiny new painting and your shoes and you're just like i gotta keep an eye on you can probably trust the people on your facebook friends list but what you can't trust are their friends because everything is public these days maybe someone is mad at your success like raise your hand if stampede people if your growth and success and determination has and has just made other people feel inferior yes i see you in the back you look real cute today by the way yes nice skirt not everyone wants to see you win all of your friends and family we we hope that they want to see us win but i've accepted that some people just don't want to see you win they want to take away from you if you say oh heath and i are off to cancun this weekend we're so excited and you post that you're you're geotagged that you're at lax and you're leaving oh you post oh yes we're at honolulu airport now whatever you're telling everyone all the details and especially if they're family or friends they know where you live they know how to break into your place and there are just so many stories besides the one that i have written down here of people getting robbed because they were sharing on social media so my tip to you all to avoid theft is to post things hours later how long that's up to you i post things on my story long after i've left the vicinity like i in bed there is a wonderful quote that i saw online when i was on the internet i'm clearly just trying to show my boots that i really like the quote says just because you didn't post a picture of it doesn't mean it didn't happen when you build a more private life you resist the urge to share every little thing you do on social media as a result i feel like my relationships with other people have strengthened as well as mine with myself i have so many amazing cool experiences that happened that are just up here for example like a year ago i was visiting sun valley idaho i didn't have my phone on me which was actually an accident because i left it inside of a hotel at the lodge hey sun valley lodge can you guys sponsor me so a giant moose just came up to me i was on a golf cart just buying my business it was bizarre i've never seen any animal that large in my life and i didn't post it anywhere and i don't have a picture of it i wish i could share it but then again it's all up here it's all that matters that is the excitement that i want to have throughout the whole year the moose excitement and that's how i feel currently because another large animal came up to me recently and i ran like hell of course because i am like usain bolt by the way random fact i can run very quickly short distance before i ran i admired its beauty and then i skipped town i was so excited about it i shared it with all of my friends via voice memos like i actually called them or left a voice memo saying you will not believe this i swear a a dinosaur came up to me just now i don't know what it was but i ran but it was really exciting i just wanted to share this with you because it meant a lot to me i hope you're doing well those are friendships not habits well class i must go now the sun is leaving the sun is leaving i must go edit i hope you enjoyed this video just remember a private life is a happy life huh

  Top Comments:
  1. @RaymondStone [13000 likes]: But Kell-Bell, I just want everyone to know about my rash!
  2. @AndreRosario-o7q [2 likes]: Never share personal information to anyone. Never talk to anyone about anything. Keep your mouth shut every where facts 👌
  3. @blenandy [1 likes]: I needed this 🙌🏽
  4. @KeziawillsEtahArrey-v4l [1 likes]: Me and Sandra are gonna know each other and tell each other our business and our privacies.
  5. @TheCuriousCorrespondent [1 likes]: Perhaps the Age of "Sharing" All on social Media is Finally Coming to its Closing Climax after you began the Process 4 years ago...I know I'm feeling the Turn of the Tide Inward Toward More Seclusion Well Balanced with Social Interaction. Everything in Moderation...Right?
  6. @KeziawillsEtahArrey-v4l [1 likes]: Back in those days and here in these days I tell everyone my business and my privacy and everyone tells me their business and their privacies too that are the truth and lie.
  7. @franshe001: 1:39
  8. @MissAcard: 0:23
  9. @ZaiDrizzleDrop: Recently I've realized all my goals and interests in my youth were just being used as ammo against me by someone who was apparently "in my front row" as he says, in order to remind me of all my failures/flaws/ times i didnt stick with something.

Its all a way to make me doubt myself so he has influence over me. So I've decided i wont be telling him my goals anymore.
  10. @Naturallyro_: TRUE FACTS, NOT EVERYONE WANTS TO SEE YOU WIN💯💯💯 Not everyone wants you happy
  11. @classicgsaw6914: Girl I had to learn my own loved ones are not to be trusted with all of my business. Only God and my spouse, lesson learned.
  12. @hha_english: ❤❤❤
  13. @brittwilds1729: I’m either private because it’s nobody’s business or I don’t like you. 😂
  14. @MellaneshiaModica-v7z6t: I'm definitely trying to work on this more I've told people my secrets and they just went back and told the other person so that's really true that some people can't even hold water 💦 these days. It's better to live a private life 🧬 than to overshare with a catty, messy female or talk a lot guy.
  15. @nikki34991: Thank you for this. This helped me a lot.
  16. @Ahmedjuma-q1b: Please, turn off the music. It's disturbing!
  17. @KaizenLoblack: I took your thumbnail idea because I want millions of views, too. Love your personality❤
  18. @guavasugar11: Petunia envelope😭i love your humor
  19. @altrfryd5859: What is that thing you hold in your hand?
  20. @catalinamarquez6937: I'm 52 years old do you think you know my entire life😅😅😅😅😅😅😅 give me a f**** break before you don't even know 0.1 of the 1% of the 100% mean I give it to you a little small spoon I missed you have 99% of my private life safety including moments experience treasures adventures you don't even know who really I am so don't say that because you know the entire life of everybody but you don't even understand your own😮😮😮😮😂😂😂 I'm just here for help no forgive it to you my entire life😮😮😮 do you think I'm a f**** idiot to tell you it's my entire life no sweetheart

- This video has no thumbnail - You tube Experiment: Kind: captions Language: en The YouTube algorithm is a black box. Experts claim they understand it, but do they? We all have our theories, but what is the truth? At this channel, we want better than guesses. We're trying to break through hidden barriers, get the real data, and the real understanding. We want to know what drives real YouTube success. Instead of trusting opinions, we're running experiments to get real result. That's right. Real data, real experiments, real results. Welcome to Inside the Algorithm. Now, let's crack the code. Here's the problem. YouTube never gives us the full picture. For years, we've had snippets, occasional updates about how the algorithm works. But they leave out the critical details, and that's why this channel exists, to test every major feature, one by one, to separate fact from fiction. From the outside looking in, there are three things that really define YouTube success. Impressions, click-through rate, retention. You get all three, you'll be successful. Impressions are how many people see your video. Clickthrough rate is how many people convert to watch your video. Retention is how long they watch for. Master these three, you master YouTube. Today's video has no thumbnail. Everyone says how critical thumbnails are for click-through rate. But what happens if we don't have one? For this test, we'll have a blank thumbnail and compare click-through rate to our custom design. How much does custom thumbnails matter? Let's find out. Our experiments aim to see how we can change YouTube features and see the impact of these changes on all three of these pillars. In all these experiments, we want to have key rules and key methodology for every experiment. For this experiment and every future test, we're following a strict, consistent methodology to ensure that our results are as reliable as possible. The most important thing in any experiment is to be clear and transparent to open up oneself for criticism and reviews. Here's how we're going to do that. For each video, we're going to test one feature at a time. From likes to dislikes, from comments to tags, from thumbnails to descriptions, all are important. But how much does each drive impressions? How much does each drive clicks? and how much does each drive attention. These are all important learnings we want to break down. Each video is going to be uploaded at a consistent time unless specifically tested with with a 3-day break between releases. This is to prevent spam filters from being flagged at YouTube HQ. Each video will be uploaded with a consistent thumbnail theme unless specifically tested to allow for consistency in click-through rates of thumbnails. Each video will be a similar length, similar content, and have similar music unless specifically tested. As much as possible, we want to test that any changes in performance is due to the features that we're testing, not due to random fluctuations. So, what are we testing here? There are 24 experiments in total that to start with inside the algorithm is investigating. The list is as follows. We're asking you to like a video. We're asking you to dislike a video and we're asking you to comment on a video. Then, we're moving to watch time. We're asking you to watch in double speed. We're asking you to watch in half speed. We're asking you to watch the entire video or we're asking you to watch half the video. Then, I'm asking you to share the video. Then we're looking at how much the description matters. We're going to have a video without a description. Then we're going to have a video with maximizing the SEO description. We're going to have a video with custom subtitles to see if that makes a difference. We're going to have a video with the made for kids flag turned on. We're going to have a video with the altered content flag turned on. We're going to have a video with automatic chapters to see if that makes a without any search tags to see if that makes a difference. We're going to have a video with the comments turned off to see how much that impacts. We're going to have a video with hidden likes to see if that impacts. We're going to have a video with a set premiere. We're going to have a video without any thumbnail. We're going to have a test to see what location does to a video. We're going to have a video set to the US, the most popular YouTube watching location. And we're going to have a video set to Tokolo, the smallest watchtime country in the world. We're going to have a video set to the Spanish language to see if that makes any difference. We're going to have a video set to release when the majority of you are asleep. And we're going to have a video that is really, really short to see what difference this makes. With all these tests, we'll really uncover what makes YouTube tick. The question I can hear you asking is when can we expect results? The first experiment is going to be released on the 7th of February and the last experiment will go live on the 17th of April. By the end of this series, we'll have a full data set on what actually works. This data set will be uploaded in full for you all to see and learn from. All raw data from these experiments will be made available for transparency. Once every test is complete, I'll publish summary videos at different time interviews. As I said, I'm going to be transparent and release all data elements from this channel. The initial summary video will be after the final experiment. This will be a preliminary video with first results. Then one month later, we'll look at the short-term impacts. And 3 months later, we'll look at the longerterm impacts. This will help us understand whether certain actions have short-term boosts or lasting impacts. Before we move on, I think it's important to look at the myths first reality of the algorithm. Let's break down some of the biggest myths about how the YouTube algorithm works. What we're really trying to show here is that people really don't have the full picture. Many people believe that if a video doesn't go viral within the first week, it's doomed. But YouTube itself has said that videos can gain traction even months later. Our test will show whether this is the case. YouTube claims that tags have less important than ever before, but they might help with search rankings. Our tag test will specifically look to this. Many people assume that dislikes hurt video as much as likes help them. But according to YouTube engineers, dislikes are actually a weaker ranking signal. Let us find out. Now, your thoughts matter. Ask your questions, share your insights, and join the discussion. This is not just my experiment, but it's all of ours. If you have questions, insights, or suggestions, drop them in the pinned community post. Let's break this algorithm together. Subscribe to join or track these experiments. There will always be more to test and the results may surprise you. While you're here, don't forget to check out our other live experiments, too. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrismc128 [3 likes]: perfect for april fools

- 14 things you MUST do after uploading a YouTube video: Kind: captions Language: en if you're serious about growing on YouTube what you do straight after uploading a video is just as important as a video itself now most small YouTubers make the same mistake after uploading every video they don't do anything they hit publish they maybe share the video once and then they just hope for the best but that's why so many new videos fail there's a reason these four videos got over 3 million views between them and that's because I have a winning upload strategy so in this video I'm breaking down the exact steps I take after every upload to make sure all of my videos actually get views I'm going to run through my personal upload process first then I'm going to give you a couple of extra tips afterwards that will help boost your overall Channel growth so make sure you don't skip any because there's going to be some things in here that I guarantee you haven't heard of before okay then first up I want to talk about your video file name now this little thing here has been the center of debate for a long time now some people love it but other people dismiss it as completely useless now personally I think it's a great little way of getting in some really good keywords for your SEO now what me and a lot of top YouTubers tend to do is they name the file name the exact same of what the title is going to be for the video or at least as closely as possible as you can see here you can literally see the entire file name which means its data is being stored and used by YouTube if you couldn't see it here I'd say yeah fair enough maybe it is useless but the fact it literally is right there shows to me that it's being used and analyzed by YouTube so it might have an impact even if that impact is really small so what you need to do is make sure when you save your video from cat cut or Premier Pro or whatever video editing software you use just make sure the file name matches your title then of course the next thing you need to concentrate on is obviously the title now I'm not going to beat you around the bush here guys your title and thumbnail are the most important things about your new video especially if you're a new or a small YouTuber because if you don't really have an audience yet the only way people will click on your videos is if your title and thumbnails are good enough so these are really important now your title needs to entice people in and make them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it it also needs to accurately depict what's going to be covered in the video like you only clicked on this video here because I promis to give you information based on things you should do after uploading a video that's literally why you clicked my title and for example all of these videos here include an important key word and basically explain what the video is going to be about shorts Vandy Barrett train algorithm and bullet train which is exactly what they're all about so when you create your title you always need to include a descriptive keyword both for SEO and just to accurately describe what your video is going to be about that's a reason why all of these four videos here did so well so if you copy the strategy yours will too I promise you so once you've smashed your title out the park it's time to concentrate on the description and there's actually really quite a lot to unpack here so please do listen up now your description is literally an absolute gold mine for helping the algorithm push your videos out so here's how I always do it for each and every video I post I basically use the transcript for each video which is pretty much just a breakdown of every word said I always have this copied into a Word document from there I open a chat gbt and then I paste it here and I basically asked chat gbt to write a fully optimized description for me here this is my last one I wrote here is the script for my latest YouTube video titled how to include SEO to make any video go viral I want you to please write me a one paragraph description for this video that is fully optimized for SEO I'm targeting new and small YouTubers who are looking to grow their channels who aren't getting many views yet these people are not yet aware of what SEO is or how it can help so this is basically exactly what I included on my video I tried to give chat gbt as much information as possible about the actual video and of course my viewers too and then it gave me this fully optimized description here that was full of key words and 100% related to the actual video having descriptions like this will boost your views trust me just give it a go now before we move on to the next section I'm going to quickly ask for those of you who aren't yet subscribed to me but are still watching my videos it's taken me 4 months to hit over 51,000 subscribers and I'm trying to hit 60,000 subscribers in the next 2 weeks so if you're enjoying this expert content I'm giving you out for free please hit that subscribe button because it really will help me a lot also I'm launching my new YouTube wealth Academy in March it's going to be the best YouTube Academy out there for 2025 and I will teach you everything from how to gain your first 100,000 subscribers how to make money without even being monetized and much much more so if you want to take your channel to the next level and earn some really good online become a founding member of my Academy just click on the d The Creator Link in the description down below and for those of you who are watching this video in the future in March or anytime after that the academy will already have been released so click on the link and grab yourself a huge discount and join one of the biggest communities out there in 2025 okay then so once you've got chat gbt to write you a killer description you then need to add your links hashtags and other supporting content so let's just unpack this all separately so links you always need to include as many links as necessary in your description these should be links to your other content and links to stuff you mentioned in your video like I literally just said you should click on the link in the description to join my Academy so I always need to make sure that link is included in the description but one extra way to boost your watch time and your views is by having links to your other content in the description but not just any links these need to be deep links but what exactly do I mean by Deep links well I want you to pay close attention to what you see on the right hand side of images I'm about to show you as you can see in example one when a viewer watches a video on the right hand side you can just see other random videos from other creators that means as soon as your viewer is done watching your video they're probably going to be looking at the right hand side there for a new video to click on to and once they've clicked on one of these videos here you've lost them for good that viewer has now gone somewhere else and they're probably not going to come back however here in example too you can see that the video suggestions on the right hand side are now all of my own videos so this means that the viewer can now only see my video suggested here so once they finish watching this video or get bored and want something else they're much more likely to click on to another one of my videos here and start watching that so let's say even just 30% of your viewers do this that's a huge amount of new watch time you're getting instead of having them just click off onto someone else's videos and losing them for good now you can do this by creating playlists listing all of your videos in that playlist that's what this is here it's just a load of videos I've included in a single playlist now obviously playlists don't just appear on the home feed when someone first loads up the YouTube app so you actually have to actively nudge your viewers into a playlist now I personally do this by using a call to action in my videos and descriptions I literally just tell my viewers to click on the playlist link below in the description if they want access to all of my content on how to grow their YouTube channels and it works a treat the best way to do this is to copy the URL of a video from the playlist or just the playlist link itself so as you can see here if I click into this playlist I can either copy the playlist URL or I can look over here to the right choose on a specific video click on the three dots and then just copy this URL link so now when a viewer clicks on this link from the description they will automatically be taken to the playlist okay that's links covered and the last thing you need to do in your description is add hashtags now for me personally I always add anywhere from 3 to five hashtags some people do up to 60 which is the limit given to you by YouTube but I personally just like to add around 3 to five especially because only three appear here now hashtags these obviously change per every video you make as they should accurately relate to each specific video but for me I personally always just include some keywords and Search terms in there that are as closely related to my video title as possible so when you guys do yours always make sure you use keywords related to your video then of course course we have our YouTube thumbnails along with your titles the thumbnail is the most important step of your YouTube video your thumbnail basically decides whether or not people are going to click on your video and watch it if you're a new channel and you have really poor thumbnails nobody is going to want to click on your video and watch it now I always create three different thumbnails and the algorithm will test all three and pick the best one for me so I would suggest if you guys have enough time to be able to do that definitely create three now when you do create a thumbnail it needs to invoke curiosity and stand out enough for people to want to click on it thumbnail design is a whole different ball game and I know a lot of people struggle with it but for thumbnail inspiration I always use a tool called one of 10 because I know that coming up with thumbnail ideas can be really difficult but this new AI tool makes it so much easier now one of 10 basically picks out all of the viral videos on YouTube gives you a ton of information about them so whenever I'm stuck with the thumbnail ideas I'll log in here and in the search bar I'm basically going to search for videos that are similar to one I'm going to create so let's say I'm going to make a video about barley travel I'll type in barley here and I'll look at all of these thumbnails from viral videos I'm then going to use these as inspiration for my next video because I know that these videos have performed really well so if I can use these as inspiration hopefully it means the thumbnail I create will also work really well you can literally use this for any Niche whatsoever even something like crypto if you wanted to okay then so that is thumbnails done as we scroll down here of course you always need to add your new video to a relevant playlist select not for kids and don't restrict my videos select no for altered content and I always make sure to uncheck these because I add my own timestamps so I don't really want YouTube to try and guess and they add their own for me and then we have taxs again these are also the center of debate when it comes to how important they are some YouTubers argue that they don't make a difference but personally if there's still an option here then they must do something even even if it's only the slightest bit of difference now a really quick and easy way of generating tags is by using a free tags generator just like this just put in your title and it's going to generate loads of SEO heavy tags for you just copy them from here into your tag box and then voila all done for you it's as simple as that now we are going to touch on subtitles but not yet that's going to be done afterwards now I personally don't ever really touch cards because I don't really think they work that well but I will always add an end screen here now I use used to choose this one here which suggests two different videos to the viewers but I've read everywhere that giving people too much Choice often actually hurts your chances of getting them to click so now I always just click this one here which is best for the viewer now all this is is basically it suggests a new video to the viewer when they come to the end of a video like this it's super useful for boosting views and watch time so you always need to include an end screen guys and always just pick best for the viewer then once you've done all that I would recommend commend under visibility here that you select private or unlisted before it goes live you should always let it sit for anywhere between 2 to 24 hours before letting it alive so this gives YouTube and the algorithm enough time to gather enough data as possible about the video before it goes live now this way all the checks are done and when it finally goes live the algorithm should know exactly who to push it out to as it's gathered all of that information about the video it should give it enough data to push it out to the Right audience first time so I always personally give mine anywhere from 2 to 24 hours just before I click live so after that once it's actually uploaded and it's out there you're also now going to want to add subtitles for different languages because having subtitles in different languages will help foreign viewers to watch and enjoy your video and they're much more likely to come back and watch more of your content if they can understand you so all you need to do once you've ater the video is go into it click on subtitles down here click on this one that says automatic captions and these are basically the captions that YouTube has automatically transcribed from your video it's all done for you by the algorithm but this does mean it can often make mistakes so just give it a quick read and make sure there's no like misspelled words or anything in there once you're happy then click publish once that's published you can then go down here and click on ADD language and you have all of these to choose from so make sure to always choose languages like Hindi for Indians Indonesian Filipino or whatever country you have that watches your channel click into one and then click on the pencil under subtitles click on autot translate and then click publish then you literally have brand new subtitles for a brand new language all for free and it will help massively in retaining those foreign viewers who want to watch your video but can't really understand your English okay then so once you've done all of that and the video is finally uploaded and posted out for everyone to see the second it goes live I need you to rewatch it now firstly if you haven't yet I need you to set up a second YouTube account and this is going to be your support account every YouTuber has this and it's basically used to give yourself some extra views and watch time so once a video is uploaded on your main Channel open up your second Channel go in and watch it straight away let it play out in full and of course make sure to give it a like and drop a comment on it too this is just a little bit of fully legal engagement boosting for you it helps get your content off the ground within the first 24 hours so if you're struggling for views I would also suggest loading up on a separate web browser on your laptop or computer where you aren't actually logged into any channel and just watch your video as well as this will also count as a view and help bump up your watch time now make sure whenever you do this that you always watch it until the end this will help your average view duration too the next really simple trick you might have heard of but you might have not have this is where you can link your shorts to your long form videos this is a great little way of getting that extra boost for your video now it's no secret that shorts can bring in massive amounts of views and YouTube has recently enabled creators to link their shorts a long for videos but I still see so many beginners forget to do this so whenever you post a new video I want you to go in and Link that new video to all of your shorts on my travel channel I would always go in with every new Vlog I posted i' go through all of my shorts and Link this new Vlog into them so when someone watches one of my shorts my new video will be listed there and it will always be offered to viewers to click on if they want see more now obviously it won't bring in millions of views but it's just a really simple way of cross-promoting your long videos and your shorts and quickly getting a lot of exposure for them now if you don't know how to do this just go into your sh on YouTube Studio click over here on related and then select your most recent upload so make sure to link every new video you post to all of your shorts it would definitely help just getting you the extra few views now on the topic of shorts if you're not yet creating shorts you're potentially missing out on a ton of new viewers it's well documented now that shorts have the ability to bring in huge amounts of views all of the biggest creators on Youtube upload clips daily and the latest AI tool behind it all is Nexus clips now it's a new AI tool that basically analyzes your videos picks the best segments out and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video it's able to effortly repurpose horizontal videos into vertical videos that you could instantly upload a shorts it also has a facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically I use this tool for all of my travel channel shorts and I got millions of views doing so okay then finally once your video has been uploaded for a while I would suggest you go through and respond to every single comment you get good or bad especially if you're a small YouTuber now for me I get thousands of comments per video so it's quite literally impossible for me to go through and respond to every single one but I do try my best but for those of you who only get a few comments per video you need to make sure you reply to each and every one of them and when you do just try to spark as much conversation as possible so everyone chips in and comments the more comments the more engagement and that's a good sign for the algorithm so that's it guys thank you very much for watching this video I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you learned something useful don't forget to sign up to my YouTube wealth Academy with the link below you'll receive a huge discount I go over so much in that course and I promise you you'll love it thanks for watching guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [787 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
👉 You'll love this next video, watch it here: https://youtu.be/ePJOMYQR_ck
  2. @SanatanaShoda03 [1 likes]: Just got started with my channel and i am really lucky to be with you guys..!! Lets all get monetised by this year end..all the best...
  3. @Ishikagoyat [1 likes]: Very helpful video, mate!❤
  4. @chadglick7664 [1 likes]: ChadGlick content is favorable….check it out
  5. @SamiraMsh-b2m: New here on YT🤞🏻
  6. @MistaBongaa: Any small creators watching right now let's interact❤
  7. @DJChameleon87: This was such an excellent step by step walk through for everything I needed to do after I had finished recording and editing my first serious video upload and had my first Thumbnail and Title already created.  I was on the YouTube upload page knowing from past videos i had watched that there was so many important things that I needed to do before hitting publish but I couldn't for the life of me remember it all since I have been watching YouTube Creator tutorials for a few months and recording and editing videos for the last month before I finally had recorded and edited a video that finally felt at least good enough to be a debut video.

Thanks for taking away the stress and walking me though all the way to hitting the publish button and then what to do immediately thereafter.

At the risk of self-promotion, here is the link to the video that is still unlisted as I am following the guidance to wait a couple hours before publishing.

https://youtu.be/qWdD0sOWS9Q
  8. @legallyblinddesign9529: i know this video is over a year old but i'm confused on the linking  your shorts to  your long form content .. I want to make sure i understand .. when I make long form content  i'm taking a short clip from that video and uploading it to shorts then linking the long form video  ( or play list  if its a series)  within that short ?
  9. @khrismamcmurray9695: With the waiting to publish suggestion, does that also include scheduled posts? If i upload a video a week in advance is youtube still getting that data to push it forward or only if its listed as private or unlisted?
  10. @huwalban: Quick question if I may on the subject of file names? For videos that are already public, is there any point in deleting and re-uploading with a new file name? Thank you
  11. @veritevivante: Hi !
I don't see it  . I can not  sign it
  12. @Justmetal73: Expert, ya right, common sense, everyone learns on their own
  13. @Wanlabbwanfam: Thanks 😊
  14. @zvaghningaming: Yeah guys.. We can do it🎉
  15. @gerdfriendlykitchen: Good luck to all new channels who are sharing worthy and good information that serve other people and help them to achieve their good goals🎉
  16. @FrecuenciaDopamina: Gracias
  17. @askhan5112: best credit cards for beginners
  18. @Mrs.DeagleDeagle: Thanks Dan, helpful tips! I started a niche gaming channel about 30 days ago just prerecorded/edited Titanfall 2 clips - using the just the EVA-8 shotgun as I've been using it strictly for the past 12 years. I have issues because part of my niche is I have an ultrawide monitor so i record in 32:9 to stand out from the 9:16 - so this makes the video look wide and skinny but much better resolution. This I think has shock factor for most used to seeing 9:16, but I'm sticking to my guns on this one. The slog to get my subs up is real, granted the channel is new, but these tips are useful. Thanks again, and good luck everyone! Wish y'all the best!
  19. @supremefootballhub8237: Subscribed today.
  20. @LaSirenitaLaurita: I will say, I will never use ai, and chatgpt. I am against the use of these two.

- The Terrible Truth About Retention Editing: Kind: captions Language: en retention retention retention retention retention it's that high energy to the point in your face editing style taking over the Internet grabbing the attention of millions of viewers and it kind of sucks let's talk about it retention is how much of a video is watched as a percentage of its total views and it has rapidly become the metric for a video success on platforms like YouTube retention editing is a style designed to maximize that metric by keeping the audience attention to the very end so what defines this style it's stuff like this did you know that 64 of people are scared of the dark well did they have any trapping 100 people in complete darkness behind me is an assassin and if he stabbed me with this rubber knife by the end of the day he wins 100 Grand it's early in the middle of the ocean and I'm surrounded by sharks my goal is to survive the next 50 hours loss to see you get the idea all these videos share these defining attributes and they work because our brains are wired to pay attention to loud noises and flashing lights but more than that we have a perclivity for novelty we like seeing and hearing and being promised new things and these videos offer a continuous flow of just that these techniques are especially important in today's entertainment landscape where we have short attention spans and a near infinite number of alternative options to keep ourselves entertained and say what you want about them they are effective the Giants of YouTube who use them consistently retain over 70 of Their audience compared to the average video which only retains about 30 to 40. so what's the problem well most creators believe that when it comes to retention it's not bad to be obsessed like if people aren't clicking off that means they're entertained but this is a causal fallacy if people aren't clicking off it just means they're still watching not necessarily that they're entertained human psychology is a strange thing with quirks and patterns that can be exploited to keep us engaged even when we aren't particularly enjoying it exploits like these but this is all style it's not substance you can't make a video out of just these things it's character story and emotion but for the backbone of any video and so when creators conflate watching and enjoying it can lead to videos like this but we have another problem there's a huge winter storm in the Rocky Mountains right now and our flight is delayed Matthew is supposed to fly to the UK tonight and if I get there too late I'll miss him completely if I don't catch them in time this is gonna suck luckily after only being delayed for 20 minutes I made it on the flight and we were off to Matthew what this conflict is so clearly manufactured because it takes just over 15 seconds to establish and then it's resolved in one cut without any agency from any character in the video and it doesn't even have any long-term relevance on the story because it was just a 20 minute videos like these undercut the character story and emotion because the creator doesn't trust the viewer to keep watching so they fall back on the psychological hacks of over stimulation and Novelty to keep our attention and sure it keeps us watching but it makes the overall viewing experience dissatisfying Hollow and forgettable platforms promote videos like these because at the end of the day retention is a metric for advertising not for entertainment the longer a Creator can keep a user on the site the more the platform can advertise to them and that's the foundation of their business business they don't care if the videos are good or entertaining only that people watch them and that's awful not only because we get recommended worse videos but because it incentivizes creators to make worse videos it promotes cookie cutter content than the homogenization of videos across the entire platform to be clear simply using retention editing doesn't make a video worse or lesser hell I've used some techniques in this video retention editing is a tool and like all tools it's not inherently good or bad but it can be misused and creators feel the need to misuse it because it's safe there's no danger that our attention will wander to another thought when you're always giving us something new to look at even if we aren't particularly invested in what we're being shown and so we're left watching not particularly bored but not particularly entertained either but there are creators who reject retention editing and instead focus on telling good stories and it's working there are other creators who incorporate retention editing into character-based Concepts and that's also working everywhere you look there is innovation in content and many say that the Winds of Change are coming to platforms like YouTube and that creators are starting to Trend away from psychological hacks and more towards storytelling and I for one welcome that change because I think we all deserve content that aspires to more than simply just killing boredom thank you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @WillStephensVideo [1 likes]: I clicked off your vid at 1:18
  2. @asvinanpu4469: What's the solution as a creator who doesn't want to do that? Play the game and change it when you're at the top? Create actually good videos from the start and "firm" the lower engagement rates? I've always thought this as well but not sure how to combat a system that actively rewards rot
  3. @cheese_productions2842: When it heard flashing lights Kanye spawned in my room
  4. @alphatucana: A heavily retention-edited video is my cue to click off and watch something else. The retention-rate on my own videos is very poor, but in the end I simply prefer authenticity to fake manipulativeness. I'm not keen on the story-telling technique either: just get on with it please!
  5. @guntharshorts: still relevant
  6. @grandpa_vs_gravity: I’m late to this party, but Bravo! 👏
  7. @plurparty: hahah… average video 30-40%….. help
edit: i have tried to do retention editing, admittedly.. but i’m starting a new gaming series that has EXTREMELY minimal editing. and guess what? 2 people showed up to the premiere of the first episode (normally its 0), i got a good comment, i’m getting a better amount of views than normal, etc.. im glad i saw this video because now im a little more reassured
  8. @VelWren: I watched this review of heartbound by a guy and it was cut with so many memes and sound effects and he was talking really fast and it was WAY too much stimulation to the point none of the video stuck with me.
  9. @Simply_Selina: It's crazy that this video is already 2 years old... I think especially for new/small youtubers, it's really hard to find their own way with a lot of people promoting retention editing and "cookie cutter content" as the way to go. Thank you for this video and the reminder that a tool like retention editing can be used in a lot of different ways (good and bad). 🤗
  10. @Bernt-Nor: Great message! I create content i like to make , on my premiss. If my audience finds it watchable then great ❤
  11. @URKStheVlogger: Good to have come across this i needed it
  12. @reviewbomb85: ironically this type of editing makes me stop watching
  13. @johnnyfoxshow: Learned this the hard way. High retention videos that are 12-15 minutes long are not guaranteed successes at all. They are honestly a waste of time because the RPM is terrible and unless that's your brand don't do it. Audience will HATE it. Wanna know how to improve your videos? Ask your audience. If they aren't complaining and show up to every video then keep doing whatever you're doing. "Improving them" by turning your editing into mr beast will make them go "WTF are u doing? Stop that. We want boring long drawn out monologues. That's why we are here" lol
  14. @YordleStrategist: well done
  15. @olgabaevaru: Thank you, good thoughts). And yes, I also hate to create catchy thumbnails and catchy titles, but this is how youtube works
  16. @SilverHunterN: The thing with over editing, is when I see these types of videos, I start getting dizzy, like I get that some people like rapid pace etc, but to me, I just click away after 1 minute, because my eyes can't handle flashy things and screen changes every 2 seconds and they just overdo it, if they space it out a bit more like a screen change once ever 15 seconds, than I wouldn't get dizzy s much.

I don't get it.
  17. @Dubhthach: I call it brainrot. You should be able to sit through a normal video.
  18. @SayItAnywaywithJayBaker: This is one of the best videos I’ve seen in a while. I’ve had to try and change up the way I tell stories, as platforms like TikTok don’t allow time for supporting details, etc. If it’s not punchline after punchline, they’re gone. I don’t know if it’s made the true comeback yet, but actually telling a story is still a true art form.
  19. @LizardCivilian: Interesting!
  20. @carolinesposto: I'm still learning to make videos. Thanks for this!