- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [39 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  3. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  4. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  5. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  6. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  7. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  8. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  9. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  10. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  11. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  12. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  13. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  14. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  15. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁
  16. @KorayJackMariaJungmin: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @Liokeedit: Give me notes of this video
  18. @build-by-vansh: Bro please add hindi audio.
  19. @AaashishKaushik: which tool you use for video editing ?
  20. @antoniaosborne4972: Can you do a video on visual hooks and ideas?

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  3. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  4. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  5. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  6. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  7. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  8. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  9. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية
  11. @thee.zaraa0: Hey can someone explain me 4th point i cant understand
  12. @princessriley3335: Statistics
  13. @Gregorymalcollm: Cara que legal, vou continuar te acompanhando e te conheci por esse vídeo e me identifiquei demais com o jeito que você se organiza porque eu sou assim também muito obrigado❤
  14. @Vexus_Blox: 6:21
  15. @Krishbusinessinsight: Thanks bro ❤
  16. @AdviserLK: Thank you mate, your content has really helped me out
  17. @AweakanStar: omg thank you i watched a lot of viedeos but you are differnt you helped me a lot
  18. @Banana_025: Top😊
  19. @donathewriter: Hey is this guy AI ?
  20. @XanderBelarmino: Also the hand gestures has effects

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Readtheroombaddies: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @xothinkingofyouxo: great vid but i want to point out that’s not where the millennial pause came from. we definitely grew up filming each other. it’s because on instagram it used to cut off the beginning of the video when you started filming so you had to wait a second.
  13. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  14. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  15. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  16. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  17. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  18. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  19. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  20. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥

- 10 Proven Video Hooks to Grab Your Audience's Attention: Kind: captions Language: en Video hooks are an essential element of any successful video. They're the first thing viewers see and hear, and they set the tone for the rest of the content. So without further ado, let's dive into the list of the 10 best hooks the teaser hook. This type of hook is designed to create suspense and curiosity and gives viewers a taste of what's to come leaving them wanting more. To the question hook asking a question and your video hook is a great way to engage viewers and get them thinking. Three the statistic hook using a surprising or shocking statistic can grab viewers attention and make them want to keep watching to find out more for the emotional hook. This type of hook appeals to viewers emotions whether it's through a heartwarming story or a very dramatic message. Five the personal story hook. Sharing a personal story or experience can help viewers relate to your content and feel more connected to you. Six the humorous hook. If you're looking to lighten the mood and make viewers smile using a funny hook is a great way to do that. Seven The scenic cook showcasing beautiful or breathtaking visuals in your video hook can immediately capture viewers attention at the testimonial hook. Using a customer or expert testimonial as your video hook can add credibility and authenticity to your content. Nine the action hook if you're showcasing your product or service using an action hook that shows it and use can be very effective 10 This price hook. Do you want to keep viewers on their toes? Consider using a surprise hook that reveals something unexpected. So there you have it the 10 Best Video hooks we hope this lesson was helpful. Make sure to use at least one of these hooks in your next video. Thanks for watching and follow for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyahchen [19 likes]: Killer insights on those hooks! Getting that perfect start is key, right? I’ve been messing with Boost App Social for my intros. It’s clutch for keeping things fresh without the hassle.
  2. @thedailyslicedesigner [1 likes]: Great video! Easy to follow and to the point. The video left me wanting to see videos of what these hooks looks like in reality. Maybe show videos of you using each one of the hooks?
  3. @pasimtaim1086 [1 likes]: where's the bait? 🪤
  4. @renenova8683 [1 likes]: Waste of time. Show examples
  5. @heaktola-c6s [1 likes]: Hello
  6. @Bray2cool1 [1 likes]: Dude give actual examples of hooks please. 

This video negatively serves your audience
  7. @niyonsengajeanclaude: Hello
  8. @LoveMindsetTH: would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  9. @0HHHSC: Fast and straight to the point. Right on man 🤝🏼🤝🏼
  10. @SandraAdams-n2o: Really helpful breakdown of different hook types - would love to see some real-world examples applied to popular videos! Thanks for sharing your insights!
  11. @MentecattaTV: Make some examples
  12. @rodneyitaki: Thank you
  13. @OliverBennett-q6u6p: Your hook examples were on point. Already reworking my headlines — this stuff works!
  14. @Moneymodenow: Lazy video.
  15. @Amazia_fens: Great vid. to the point. No BS. Thanks. I don’t usually comment but after noticing too many negative comments, someone needs to speak up for the good work. Keep it coming!
  16. @manalacazu: no examples...
  17. @MustExploreVisuals: We came here for a reason and u did not deliver basically fluff
  18. @elizanwayiezeagucomedy: I love it.
  19. @safakc8220: Imagine taking hook ideas from 1.6k sub channel
  20. @MinhHuongNguyen-ns3jy: Thanks for sharing ❤

- I Studied 100 Viral Hooks, These 6 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en the biggest difference between winning and losing on social media is the hook this is the 8020 of video if you want your videos to perform better you need to focus on leveling up your hooks now I've studied thousands of videos and it turns out all of the best performers only use six different hook formats if you know these six you're set so in this video I'm going to break all that down first we're going to walk through all six hook formats with examples and then I'm going to give you a full playbook for how to actually write winning hooks on your own I guarantee this this will be the best video on hooks you ever watch and I know this works because I've done billions of views myself using these exact same methods all right now first before anything else we need to understand the psychology behind how hooks work this is super important hooks are designed for one reason to create a curiosity Loop think of it like a rabbit hole in the viewer's brain we need to get them curious enough about the topic that they couldn't dream of doing anything else other than watching our video now the best way to create that Curiosity Loop is with contrast the viewer starts the video believing one thing and then we introduce an alternative in the hook they believe a we show them B and the distance between A and B is contrast the bigger the contrast the more the Curiosity and the deeper the hook it really is as simple as that but the hard part is you only have 5 Seconds to make it stick so each of these six hook formats are specifically designed to create that contrast and build the Curiosity Loop all right now the first hook format is called the fortune teller and it's all about positioning the the present against the future the Creator is using some scenario or question to build curiosity about how the future might change so this could mean saying something like that new microwave is going to change cooking forever or that little blue light is going to impact traffic moving forward here are a couple other examples of the fortun teller hook in action we're witnessing one of the largest breakthroughs in marketing this is the future of animation and this fortune teller hook format Works super well because the human brain is designed to constantly think about the future so it's playing into that so the Tactical steps for using this hook format would be a establish what the current reality is B figure out how the future might change based on the video subject and C frame a question or statement teasing that new future as a possibility and this format is great for breaking news product Innovations really anybody that's trying to build Authority or interest around knowing the future of some topic and again I'm going through all six of these base formats first so we can build that Baseline before going deeper tactically into how to actually write the hooks and I'll go through that in a minute okay now the second hook format is called the experimentor and this one is all about the Creator showcasing how something works using a demo or experiment and specifically this is angled as peer-to-peer it's one friend showing another what they learned or came across so the contrast that's being built is coming from I used to do something this way I figured out some method or format let me show you how now I'm doing this thing this way and here are a couple examples of the experiment format in action does anything look weird about this shot to you I actually don't have have a camera in my hands I'm recording with these glasses on my face these are the rayan meta smart glasses and they're about to change the way that we create this right here is the brand new cha gbt agent that literally controls your browser and does tasks for you and this is an 11-step process and we're going to see if it does it now I especially love the Colin and Samir one because Samir is actually showing how the glasses work in the hook as well he doesn't have to use the hook to Tee It Up in the future because the glasses camera is the subject itself and that video did 50 million views for a reason and a lot of Mr Beast videos fall into this hook category as well he doesn't always explicitly explain them as experiments but he's basically doing human experiments and then letting you watch in real time to see what happens so the Tactical steps for using the experiment hook framework are to a establish the base pain point that needs solving B show that you solved the paino or tried some new method or tool with an experiment and then C walk through why that new experiment or solve is different and help solve the paino better and this format is great for product demos new Frameworks it's also great for B2B trying to Showcase how your tool or product works this is also the same hook framework where those people that make the elaborate outdoor structures camping or building a log cabin by hand this the same format they're using as well and before we keep going if you like the way I break this content stuff down using the metaphors and the names to make it a little bit easier I actually did the exact same thing around virality how does virality work breaking into a formula you can actually grabb that it's a free 5-day email course called The virality Blueprint explains Concepts like this but in way more depth you can grab that there's a link below or go to virality blueprint.com and you can sign up all right let's keep going now the third hook format is called the teacher and this one is similar to the experimenter except that instead of going peerto peer it's going more teacher to student and instead of showing things with a live experiment it's more showing them by Framing a lesson so it's kind of like I'm the teacher of this topic I just saw somebody who solved X with Y method let me break that down and explain to you how they did it again the contrast is coming from you're failing at this thing I found a new way to do it let me explain how to do it so that you can start winning and here's a few examples of the teacher format in action three things you can learn from aritzia here's how I got this shot I made this Ecom brand a million dollar in 12 hours using something called the product drop method and again these are all teaching setups so it's either the Creator tried something and extracted the lessons and is now teaching it not like experiment but teaching the methods or they studied someone else who solved that thing and then is now teaching those lessons back either way it's show by teaching and so the Tactical steps for using this one would be a establish the base paino B show that you have a solve through some set of learnings or method and then see walk them through why the process or steps worked because of your solve and this format is super good for anybody who's trying to build Authority in the category or become an expert to then sell that expertise okay now the fourth hook framework is a little bit different than the other five it's called the magician and it can be used as a precursor or in combination with the rest of them now the magician is basically a stun gun it's strategically using visuals and or language like hey look at that to visually Force the viewer's attention to a specific thing in the visual and it's usually something outlandish or just rhythmic and Visually Pops to stop the scroll now there are a ton of amazing examples of people who do this China CH what's up mttv chis yo check this out so president Trump just ordered the Resurgence of a 1980s plan for nuclear war in space let me explain so this can either be executed with some visual stun tactic like what Carl Shakur uses the kind of snap click or it could be the spoken words themselves like look at that crazy thing and really forcing the attention my favorite example of this is the neon sign guy who starts out as Trump with the wig makes a joke in the voice and then throws the wig off and immediately starts talking about the neon signs I've been using this on my own videos for the last 30 or so where I start all the videos saying check this out really quick and I roll into the first line with it check us out this check out this check out this check out this it just gives that kind of unique signature pattern that people recognize audibly when they hear it another great way to achieve the magician is with something called a visual pacifier now this is an activity that the subject is doing passively which holds just enough of your subconscious attention to let you focus on the thing this could either be like Alex Earl doing her makeup or this guy in this example stacking the cups it's the same psychological reason why people make those GTA Gam gameplay videos the split screen and you see the car driving through the course on one end and then the clip on the other it holds just enough subconscious attention to get you to focus and not churn on the main thing and I say this format is different because you can combine the magician with any of the other five a lot of people stack them so they use the magician immediately as a visual stun gun and then layer on one of the other five below so tactically to do this you either want to find some visual some sound or some signature thing that you can tie to your videos to kind of stun that's atypical and stops that scroll all right now the fifth hook format is called the investigator and this one is super common with this format you're basically trying to create contrast against some unknown secret or some finding that you found in your research that nobody knows about so the contrast is today you don't know the thing I show you the thing now you know the thing very simple almost all of my personal short form videos fall into this category it's kind of unearthing some tech or AI thing about the future potentially that people don't know about and there's a ton of amazing examples showcasing this format as well so this is one of the sneakier marketing campaigns I've seen Central sees brand sells out in seconds and what's crazy is that it's not just because he's a rapper Che out this is a secret Japanese City built at the base of Mount Fuji but it's not just any City so the Tactical steps if you want to use the investigator would be to tee up the fact that there is some secret that they don't know and then frame it against their current reality which is not knowing and the communicated contrast in this one is pretty straightforward because the base cases they don't know and then you tell them something they know some of these don't have to be super cheeky they could be pretty straightforward but inherently they'll still grab and create that interest this format is great for people to use who are trying to be at the Leading Edge of their field or showcase that in a research capacity they're finding the Deep insights that most people don't know okay and the sixth and final hook format is called the contrarian and this one is actually the easiest to understand where exactly the contrast sits the contrarian hook literally has the Creator come out specifically and say what they believe about the topic that is different than the conventional wisdom and the difference between this one and some of the others is that a few of the s kind of slightly try to hide that contrast in the framing whereas this one immediately you come straight out and just say you're doing your branding wrong you should be doing it this way it's very direct here are a few examples of the contrarian in practice so I think this is probably the most important thing that you need to be doing if you run a brand that you are probably not doing and this is having one-on-one conversations with your customers you have no creative ideas because your space sucks to live in this guy is a multi-millionaire from his clothing brand and the weird thing is they're best sellers are almost never in stock NOW of the six hook formats this one is the most direct at creating that contrast and it's really easy the Tactical steps would be figure out what you believe that most people don't believe and then say it explicitly this is great for the smarty pants expert use case or somebody that's trying to frame thems as a contrarian in a crowded space okay so there we have it those are the six hook archetypes the fortune teller the experimentor the teacher the magician the investigator and the contrarian now I'm going to tell you a secret you don't actually have to to figure out which one of the six works for your video because the truth is every single video idea could be manipulated to use any of the six hook formats for example let's say I made videos reviewing backpacks and this new interesting backpack just came out that I wanted to make a video about how would I go about using all six of these in different ways so for the fortune teller I may say something like this backpack is going to completely change the way Millennials travel for the experimenter I might say I just took this backpack 7,000 Mi across the world but it has three major design flaws for the teacher I may say something like if you're traveling internationally this summer this is the best way to pack your backpack for the magician I may do a rapid match cut with a bunch of different backpacks to visually stun them and then with the voiceover saying which of these backpacks is the best for a guy in their 20s for the investigator I may say something like I can't believe this company isn't marketing this one flaw in their bag and then for the contrarian I may say something like everybody loves this bag but if you use it every day it is so overhyped and see so you can pick any of those hooks directions with every single video topic and so the real question is how do you decide if you're staring at the blank page and you're trying to write a hook which of these is the best one for you in any given scenario and this really gets into the second part of the video which is tactically how do you actually write a banger hook that crushes every single time cuz that's where the sauce really lies so let's walk through that I'm going to break the whole thing down right now all hooks are made up of four components the spoken hook which is what you say the visual hook which is what you show on the screen the text hook which is what you write in text on the screen and then the audio hook which is the sound and sound effects that you play in the background and this is the big secret right here the difference between 500 and 500,000 views is unlocking Max alignment between those four things so if you say one thing verbally but then the visual even slightly different that creates misalignment and then the hook is not as effective to nail the hook you need all four of these things to line up perfectly and the reason this matters is because because of comprehension comprehension is the degree to which the viewer actually understands what they're seeing and hearing you can't hook them unless they fully understand and are interested in what they're watching if your verbal spoken Hook is different from your visual hook which is different from the music in your audio hook well that leads to confusion and confusion leads to comprehension loss which just makes it harder for the viewer to stick with the hook the way to drive Max comprehension is to make sure the visual and audio hooks are aligned and so how do you do this the way you do this is to understand exactly how the viewer takes in the video when they're watching and this gets to the Deep psychology which is my favorite thing to do imagine a subconscious heat map when somebody's watching the video where are they actually focusing their attention I'm going to tell you this is what all viewers do the first thing they do is they take in the visual and text hook they see the visual they may read the text hook if it's obvious enough in the right place and then their ears catch up and they hear the spoken hook after and after they hear what you're saying they look back at the visual and they're seeking visual confirmation with what they heard so it's visual audio visual that sandwich is how people actually take in videos at the subconscious level now why is this the case well the reason is our eyes process 10 to 100 times more information per second than our ears and this is essentially the speed of light vers speed of sound phenomenon so the viewer is seeing first then hearing and then looking back at the visual to match what they heard okay so tactically tying all this together what does this actually mean and why did I spend so much time going through those six hook archetypes what this means is that the most important part of getting the hook to actually perform well is the visual it's not what you say it's the visual I call this the key visual so when you first have your video idea the very first thing you should do is figure out what visual or visuals you have at your disposal that you could actually slot into the first 3 to 5 seconds and based on that key visual you then need to decide which of the six hook archetypes will create the most contrast and perfectly aligned with what that visual shows knowing the visual lets you set up the speech to then set back up to the visual this is the golden approach to hooks that nobody talks about at this level all right so now I'm going to say it again one more time but more organized so the very first step is you need to look at what visuals do you have the better the visual the more you can lean on the visual and the easier it will be to set up the contrast back to the visual if you don't have a good visual you need to really think should I make this video and if you do want to make it how are you going to manufacture the key visual with Motion Graphics or some stock footage to create this interesting thing to look at step two is that once you have the visual you need to think about what are the most interesting fact sets or angles things about the story that you have to work with and based on those what has the biggest contrast whichever one has the biggest contrast will inform which of the six hook archetypes that you actually use step three is that I would then write the spoken hook this is going to be two to four lines and it's going to follow the context lean contrast and contrarian Snapback approach that I detailed in my other Hook video I'll link that here step four is then what text can I put on screen overlaying the video to support that initial Visual and the reconfirmation of the visual after someone hears the speech and then step five I'm going to watch it back and gut check with myself does this achieve Max comprehension if the viewer goes visual speech visual are they very clear on what I'm talking about in this video and does that align with where I think the rest of the video will go if not I will stop not move forward and rework the hook that is how important it is all right now really quick I just want to walk through a couple examples of my own content to illustrate what I mean by good and bad hooks we're going to show one of each the first one is an example of a perfect hook this video is about life-size floor plans which is this really cool projected home floor plans in a warehouse this video did 15 million views so the first thing I want you to do is watch this video with no sound we're going to turn the sound off just watch the hook visually and I want you to think where do your eyes go what do you notice and what do you see so we're going to play that right now all right now the first place your eyes probably go is that sliding text that comes across that says the future of Home Design This first clip with a split screen you don't actually see that well the girl with the arms going up that was more just a visual stun gun the actual hero visual the key visual that I saw in the idea that I knew I was going to build the whole video around was the next visual in the full screen with the people walking on top of the floor plans what I did is I put text that said life-size floor plans with an arrow enhancing the fact that your visual eyeline went directly to that thing I wanted to make sure you saw that and so this was the visual shocker right there's embedded contrast here most people have never seen this before so the fact that it existed on its own created a large contrast I knew that visual was a great key visual to build off of okay so the next thing is I had actually pick which of the hook formats that I want to go with and then how would I actually write the hook itself so when I looked at the formats there were two that made sense one was the fortune teller this is the future of Home Design and the second one was The Secret Keeper I found this secret about how people are designing homes that nobody knew they're close to the same but slightly different I went with the fortune teller one because which is easier to explain and creates more of a shock this is what the future of Home Design will look like right so that's what I picked and then step three was I had to actually write the hook so context lean contrast contrarian take so I literally said check this out that was my magician scroll stop thing and then I said these are life-size floor plant you can literally walk through your exact Home Design before you build it right so that's context lean that is me literally describing exactly what you're seeing that is perfect alignment with showing the visual and saying the thing then for this one I didn't actually need a contrasting word I didn't need to say but here's what's crazy because the fact that it existed on its own was already contrast enough so my contrarian take which maps to the Future hook fortune teller was I think this is the future of how people are going to design their homes right so it's exactly what I'm saying I picked the fortune teller I talked about the future I set up the context lean what you're seeing with pure Al alignment and then I framed this is the future of how people are going to design their homes that is tailor made how you build the hook with pure alignment and this one worked 15 million views now before we end the video Let's quickly go through one bad example where I made a video but it didn't work out that well it got maybe 100,000 views or less and the hook was just executed super poorly so I want to explain what went wrong and what I should have done looking back okay so the same thing here I want you to watch this video without sound just watch the first 15 seconds and tell me where you focus your attention [Music] right away you see the tech sliding across again future of Storytelling and then you see a bunch of these rooms kind of like magically appearing out of nowhere just that alone is kind of misaligned future of Storytelling is a bit of an abstract concept and so visualizing that with those rooms does that really mean future of Storytelling not really so already just in the visual and with the text there is comprehension lost then when you turn the sound on it gets even more confusing so I say this is the future of Storytelling it's called a generative World model it lets you turn a single image into a photorealistic cinematic World okay so if you really take that down future of Storytelling it's so abstract it's like what do you even show for that maybe it's a book with a video or a robot coming out of it maybe I could have used that the problem is nobody knows what generative World model is nobody knows what photorealistic world so I use these crazy terms that I didn't have good visuals to show and you can tell immediately it's just a little confusing it's not as straightforward as the life-size floor plans one and so when you watch this yeah maybe you're like oh those are cool visuals but you're not actually hearing what I'm saying when you don't hear what I'm saying you have comprehension loss when you have comprehension loss you're not purely tied and aligned with the video and so looking back maybe what I should have done has gone more explicit so these rooms are the future of commercials and if I had visuals of guys actually using those rooms to film commercials and I could show that perspective maybe that would have worked the truth is this video didn't have great b-roll that was easy to explain so what I should have done is probably canned the idea not made it in general and that's really what you need to decide when you're going through this process what is the visual what is the hook format writing the hook is there Clarity and Alignment if there isn't you probably should throw out the video because there's always more ideas that you could make so that's really the process in a nutshell you have to have that Clarity and if you don't that's the difference between 10,000 views and 10 million views and look the reason that I can go so deep and I'm so nerdy on this stuff is because I live and breathe this content stuff all day long and I'm making this channel because I'm trying to show my experiments and show my work to help other people grow with content but look if you don't want to have to worry about which hook format to use and how to exactly write it you don't want to take 60 minutes a day making videos that's completely fine I built sand castles which is a software to infuse all of these learnings and formulas and formats into it so all you have to do is put your video in and we'll do it for you we go through the full diagnostic to figure out what is the right hook formula how should we frame it where is the best contrast it's all automatic so if you want to try that out sandcastles a have a free trial for you below that's the easiest way that you can close the gap on this without having to do all the work and guys if you like how I think about this stuff there is a ton more for free in the description I have a free contact Community called wavy world with over 13,000 people that are learning the advanced psychology behind this stuff there's a free invite for you below make sure to grab that and keep me posted on what you guys want next keep the shares coming keep the comments coming until then we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [27 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ryanthecoach [1 likes]: seriously? your "free guide" takes DAYS to come but... didn't ever come?!?!! Just a dozen marketing emails.
  3. @ignaciogutierreznabias: You are really good explaining thks for this!
  4. @Studio81000: Lets go viral baby!
  5. @FinanzasAztecas: I love your content, you bring so much value! But you speak so fast my brain doesnt have enough time to associate and process all. I feel like i miss stuff, so i always end up leaving your videos around half of it
  6. @EverythingAinowllc: This video is awesome
  7. @htdstf: Bro please this video please auto translate with Hindi start please enable the setting
  8. @DreamNestBedtime: https://youtu.be/W1-OicF3MaI?feature=shared
  9. @LifeGrazfully: Thank you sir. I was doing a bunch of nonsense on my page.
  10. @benjimeko: it helps kall thank you
  11. @shubniggurath47: The best video on this topic so far!
  12. @finessingtheindustry: Best videos out ..great content
  13. @Ojan_Cuan: You're Genius
  14. @ramgautamvlog: Thank you very much 🎉🎉🙏🙏
  15. @ayamoormusic: This is a lot of fascinating info. What if you’re an artist trying to gain a following?
  16. @TheWhisperingPoet: This video is visually so good that it seems AI.
  17. @duttslab: Awesome insight
  18. @thecatplayer9684: 15:26 i don't see the link anywhere
  19. @life_force_health: You're a gangster dude. Very much appreciating your stuff.
  20. @NitishRathoresVlog: Mind Blowing !!! 🇮🇳

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @ShilaDas-e5l: Like it
  3. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  4. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  5. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  6. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  7. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  8. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  9. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  10. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  11. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  12. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  13. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  14. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  15. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  16. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  17. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  18. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  19. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  20. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??

- 7 TikTok Hooks That Actually Make You Go Viral (Copy These): Kind: captions Language: en On Tik Tok, the first 3 seconds decide everything. You see, I used to think the platform was random. Some videos blew up, some flopped. But then I realized it all came down to the hook. The first 3 seconds decide whether you get ignored or you go viral. And here's the good news. Right now, it's a level playing field. Whoever knows how to open a video the right way is going to win. I've been able to pick up on this after years of breaking down viral Tik Toks, running accounts that scaled to millions of followers, and consulting for brands that went from zero views to millions of dollars in sales. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. Each with a structure, real examples, and the psychology behind why it works. The first hook style that I've seen across every account I've touched is what I call the pattern interrupt. This is when you open a video with something so unexpected that people literally can't help but stop scrolling. It's that shock factor. And look, on Tik Tok, shock doesn't have to mean anything extreme. It just has to break the rhythm of what people are used to seeing. For example, your teacher lied to you about success. If you're still using Google Docs, you're behind. I've spent $10,000 just to test this one idea. Now, here is why it works. The human brain is wired to notice when something doesn't match the pattern. It's the same reason if you're in a quiet room and someone drops a glass, you instantly snap to attention or why a neon sign stands out in the middle of a dark street. On Tik Tok, you have 3 seconds to win the scroll. 3 seconds. And the pattern interrupt is one of the fastest ways to do that. But here is the mistake that most people make. They try to be shocking for the sake of it. They'll say something wild, but that has nothing to do with the rest of the video. And when that happens, the viewer feels tricked and they swipe even faster. The key here is interrupt the pattern, but do it in a way that directly connects to your content. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in the fitness niche. If you start with, here's a workout you can try, you've already lost. Nobody cares, right? However, if you start with stop doing crunches, they're ruining your abs. Now you've got my attention. Why? Because that single line forces people to stop and rethink what they thought they knew. That curiosity pulls them in to the next 10 seconds. People are wired to protect their beliefs. So when you challenge one in the very first line, you create this mental itch that they need to scratch. They literally can't swipe until they get the answer. So here is the formula you can steal. Take a belief and flip it upside down. State it as a bold fact in the very first sentence. That's it. Just drop the line. Let the curiosity do the heavy lifting, then pay it off in the body of your video. And when you do this right, you're buying yourself the next 10 seconds of watch time. And we all know that 10 seconds are usually the difference between a flop and a viral Tik Tok. The second hook style that has consistently worked for me and thousands of other creators is the list formats. Numbers make people stay. That's why countdowns, top five lists, or three things you didn't know still dominate Tik Tok. Take my underrated website series. I've literally built millions of followers off of the exact same structure. Three websites you didn't know existed. That one line has generated tens of millions of views because it's so simple yet so sticky. Here is why. Every number you say creates a mini promise. If you say three website you didn't know exist, the viewer's brain immediately says, "Okay, let me watch the first one. All right, now that I've seen the first, let me just watch the second and I might as well watch the third." while I'm at it. Right? It's like a mental checklist. Once you've tik tock the first, you feel incomplete until you've ticked them all. And the best part is this format is completely repeatable. You don't need to reinvent the wheel every time. I've seen this walk in education, fitness, finance, even cooking. Five shoulders exercise that you're not doing yet. Three body hacks that no one is talking about. Top five foods to boost your energy. It works because humans naturally want to complete lists. If you open with a number, you've already created a contract in the viewer's mind. They feel unfinished until they watch until the end. Now, the usual mistake most beginners make is they'll say top five tips and then the first one is boring. If you don't land your first punch, you've already lost. The first item has to be the strongest because this is what convinces your audience to keep going. So, here is the formula that you can steal for this list format. Start with a clear number. three ways, five tips, top seven mistake, and then you frontload your best example fast. You want to keep each item short and punchy so the pacing matches the attention span. Obviously, you want to pay off on the promise. So, if you say three things, you want to give the three things. You don't want to bait and switch. But this style works because it's predictable for you as a content creator and unpredictable for the viewers. They never know what's coming next. And the only way to find out is to keep watching. And look, quick side note before we move on. If you're a brand or a creator and you just want the framework that actually has helped me and my team to build a system that drives millions of views and customers on Tik Tok, there's a link down below that you can apply to work directly with us. The third hook style that has worked insanely well on Tik Tok is what I call the curiosity gap. Instead of giving people the answer right away, you tease it. You leave just enough information on the table so that they stick around to close the loop. For example, this one website replaced a $200 software I was using. The secret Shopify feature that crashed my store overnight. I paid $500 for advice and this one sentence made it all worth it. Do you notice what's happening here? You've already delivered the context. Software, Shopify, business advice, but the payoff is missing. So, the viewer knows something is coming, but that tension is what makes them stay. This is the same psychology that drives cliffhers on Netflix shows. The episode ends, the loop is open, and suddenly it's 3:00 a.m. and you've watched six episodes. The human brain literally hates unfinished information. It feels like an itch that needs to be scratched. And on Tik Tok, that itch is gold because every second that someone spends watching you to close that loop, that increases your watch time. And watch time is what feeds the algorithm. Now, here's the catch. If you drag people for too long, they'll end up swiping. If you tease something incredible but you underd deliver, you lose their trust. So balance is everything, right? So here is how I like to structure the curiosity hook. You set the stage, give the viewers a little context so they know the topic. Example, the Shopify feature, the free website, $500 advice. Then you tease the payoff. You can hint at something surprising, valuable, or unusual. For example, crashed my store, replaced the $200 software, one sentence that made it worth it. And finally, you delay the reveal. So you don't give the answer right away, but you deliver on it within five to 15 seconds so the tension doesn't break. And the mistake I see all the time is people open the loop, but then wander. They ramble. They add fluff before the reveal. On Tik Tok, that kills you. Your job is to keep the suspense high and pay it off quickly. Let me give you a practical example. Let's say you're in fitness. Again, instead of saying, "This is the best exercise for abs," try this. This exercise is more effective for your abs than crunches, and you've probably never done it. Instantly, the viewer needs to know what's the exercise, and that earns you the next 10 seconds. When you master the curiosity gap, you actually create momentum because when the reveal finally lands, people feel satisfied, and that satisfaction makes them watch your next video, too. One of the simplest yet most powerful hook style is just asking a question. It might sound almost too basic, but it works because you are literally meeting people what their brain already is. You're voicing the exact thing that they are already thinking or searching for. Examples: How do you actually grow on TikTok without dancing? What are the best side hustles to start in 2025? Why do most drop shipping stores fail in that first 3 months? When you open with a question, the psychology flips. Instead of pushing the information, you're pulling the viewer into a conversation. their brain can't help but answer in real time, even if it's just subconsciously. The beauty of this is that you don't have to guess what questions to ask. Tik Tok literally hands them to you. Just type the keywords in the Tik Tok search bar and look for the autocomplete suggestions. You can also use tools like answerthepub.com to see what people are typing on Google. Or you can also just scroll on your own comment section and your audience in there are already leaving questions about the pain points that they have. So, just answer those. Now, here is the trick. The best question hooks are specific, not vague. Here's an example of a bad one. Want to make money online? And a good one. Want to make $500 this weekend without touching Shopify? The second one hits because it narrows the scope, paints a clear outcome, and speak to a real curiosity that people have. Another pro tip, questions also work insanely well when you already know the answer is unexpected. For example, can you actually grow on Tik Tok without posting every day? Everyone assumes that the answer is no. So, the curiosity to hear you break this down skyrockets. The formula looks like this. Find the question that your audience is already asking. Say it word for word at the opening line. And then you answer it quickly, but in the way that flips their expectations. This hook is so effective because it doesn't feel like an ad or even like content. It feels like you're giving help, like a friend. giving you the answer that you've been googling for hours. If you're ever stuck on an idea, this is the fastest way to generate 10, 20, even 50 Tik Tok hooks in a single afternoon. Just collect real questions, then record straight to camera your answer, and you've got content that people actually want to see. One of the most underrated ways to hook people into a Tik Tok is by starting with a frustration that they are already living through. Because here is the truth. When someone feels seen, they instantly pay attention. You don't even need to sell them. Just naming their pain creates empathy. Have you ever spent 3 hours editing a video and it only gets 200 views? How do you get out of the 200 view cycle? You're posting daily, but nothing is working right. You've tried five different side hustles and none of them are making you more than $100. When you open with this type of line, the viewer leans in because it feels personal. It's just like you're reading their mind. And now they have to stick around because if you understand the problem that they have, you might have the solution. Psychologically, this works because humans are wired to pay more attention to pain rather than pleasure. Losing $100 hurts more than winning $100. And that same bias shows up in content. Pain hooks cut through stronger than anything else. But, and this is the key, you're not just steering up negativity. The goal isn't to make your audience miserable. The goal is to build trust. You're saying, "I get it. I've been there, too, and I can help you get out of it." So, here is the formula I use. I call out the pain by naming something specific that my audience feels on a daily basis. Then, I twist the knife just enough by exaggerating the frustration so they feel this instantly. And finally, I offer the promise of relief by transitioning my video into here is how to fix it. And you can use this across any niche. Fitness. You've already been going to the gym for months and scale hasn't moved, right? Finance. You're saving money in your bank account, but that account never seems to grow. Productivity. Your to-do list is full, but you still feel like you've got nothing done today. This hook style is especially powerful because it doesn't just grab attention, it grabs the right type of attention. You're literally filtering people who feel that exact pain and want your exact solution. Sometimes the fastest way to grab attention is to say something so strong, so confident that people can't ignore. That's what I call the bold claim. Examples: This AI tool will replace 90% of copyriters. If you're still running Facebook ads like it's 2022, you're burning money. Drop shipping is dead unless you do this one thing. You see how each one of them almost feel like a challenge. Viewers instantly think, "Wait, what? Is that true?" Prove it. And that's the exact reaction that you want. Curiosity mixed with a little skepticism. Human brains are trained to notice things that break certainty. A bold claim feels like a violation of what they thought they knew. So, we need to resolve that tension. Either we agree or we disagree or we watch to find out. But either way, we're locked in. Now, there's a fine line between a bold claim and just clickbait. The difference is whether you can actually back it up. If you say, "This Shopify hack doubled my sales overnight," you better show some proof. Otherwise, you lose the trust instantly. The formula looks like this. You lead with confidence. You drop the claim up front in plain English. Make it polarizing so you attract enough people and they want to argue with you. And then you back it up fast, showing some evidence, case studies, or personal story. And here's the beauty. You don't need to invent any crazy claims. Just frame the truth more powerfully. So instead of saying AI can help you with copywriting, say AI makes human copywriters obsolete. The core idea is the same, but the hook feels 10 times stronger. The goal isn't just shock value, it's positioning. A bold claim establishes authority. You're showing up as someone who knows, someone with an insight that the average person doesn't have. And that authority is what keeps people watching past the hook. So, if you're confident in your knowledge and you've got proof to back it up, this is one of the most powerful hooks that you can use to dominate attention. Humans are wired for stories. Before social media, before books, before even writing, people learn through storytelling. And that psychology hasn't changed. If you can open a Tik Tok like the beginning of a story, people will stay to hear the ending. I accidentally crashed a Shopify store in one night. When I was 19, I made the dumbest mistake with $10,000. This student went from zero to $5,000 in 30 days, but what happened in week two shocked me. You see what's happening? Each one plants a seed. The viewer doesn't know the ending yet. And that creates an open loop. Their brain starts asking, "What happened next? How does this end?" And the only way to close that loop is again to keep watching. It's the same reason you can't ignore a half-written text bubble. That little dot dot dot leaves your brain hanging until you see the full message. So, here's the formula for story tease. You start in the middle of the action. I was $20,000 in debt when dot dot dot or my ad account got banned yesterday dot dot dot. You hint at the outcome, but you don't reveal it. What happened next shocked me. Then you transition into the lesson or the value. The story is the setup, but your insight is the payoff. Now, here's the key. The story tease isn't about virality. It's about depth. It builds a connection. For instance, nobody remembers the exact statistics of Michael Jordan's career. They remember the story Nike told with the jump pan, right? That story sold more shoes than any number ever could. And those are the seven Tik Tok hooks that are converting right now. And here's the thing, none of them are theoretical. These are the exact frameworks that I have used to grow Tik Tok accounts from zero to millions of followers and the same ones I've taught to brands spending multiple six or seven figures a month on Tik Tok ads. But remember, a hook is just the start. Winning the first 3 seconds is like opening the door. If what's behind the door isn't valuable, people will leave. The real game is building a system where every hook flows into engaging content. Every piece of content compounds into growth. Now, if you're a brand or a content creator and you want me to personally help you build this system, there's a link down below where you can apply to work with me directly. Also, if you found this video valuable and you want the full system instead of just one piece of it, click right here on the screen and watch the full masterass. It's completely free and it will give you a much deeper understanding of how you can actually scale an account on Tik Tok in 2025.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProsperDigitalz [4 likes]: Almost a month now my TikTok is not getting views again since I hit 1k followers 😢
  2. @medalh4281 [3 likes]: this is life changing men thanks alot
  3. @JesusOsuna08 [2 likes]: Bro used Hook Format #2 for this vid. Good stuff!
  4. @itsrebeccaf [2 likes]: More people need to watch this video! Such good examples and tips!
  5. @culturenumbers [2 likes]: Great video! Thank for the input!
  6. @GinquelLimitless [1 likes]: great hooks example
  7. @SiatwiindaPeter [1 likes]: can these hooks work in any niche
  8. @AyoubeDigit [1 likes]: a il est francais lui
  9. @GavLar1876: Thank you I’m definitely going to try this next time 🎉
  10. @spinstreettv: great videooo.I love your content so much
  11. @maixent_mm: Feels like listening to Brendan Kane.
  12. @rickc.3552: This video is 6 months old with 9600 views 🧐🤨
  13. @UltraMindMotivation-f7d: He used the second hook here on YouTube

7 tictock..... 😮
Great
I'll apply that
  14. @einarkuningas2196: These are some wild ideas lol gonna totally use them. And hey, nothing wrong in using Famester to give those ideas a little boost right?
  15. @charlottedankworth3705: These hooks are gold. Guess I'll just invent some niche now and use Famester to promote it. Easy peasy.
  16. @AndersCastillo-o4j: This is super helpful! I always wondered how to grab attention on TikTok. If you're looking to boost your social media presence, Famester is a good way to get some extra engagement. Thanks for sharing these hooks!
  17. @jakobweidner752: great video! :) the way of editing videos, shocked everyone... 
pls tell me how you do it. looks very cool and id like to adapt it somehow. greetings
  18. @nos3bl33dgg: 💪💪💪💪
  19. @SeanDiscoversTV: great videooooo
  20. @raefan22: 67

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, These 7 Will Make You Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en After generating over 5 billion views on social media, I noticed there are seven hooks that keep going viral over and over again. So, in this video, I'll show you what these hooks are and how you can use them to explode your views and revenue, all because you mastered the hook. But to start, I need to show you the psychology behind these hooks. Because if you just copy them without knowing why they work, you'll never go viral. So, imagine you're at a big party and you see your best friend walking by. You want to say hi, so you need to grab their attention because otherwise you'll lose them in the crowd. What's the first thing you would shout to get them to look up? I'm guessing it's their name, right? And so then they'll immediately know someone is trying to grab their attention. Social media works the same way. When scrolling, people only take a split [music] second to decide which videos they're going to watch. So, you need to call them out with something so specific to them that they immediately say, "This video is for me." But how do you do that? We're going to take a look at the first hook that got millions of views. Then, I'll break down why it works so well. And lastly, I'll show you how you steal this hook strategy to go viral, too. Number one, being X is what's ruining your life. >> Being nice, it's honestly what's ruining your life right now. >> I like to call it the I did good myth. It works because it inverts a social norm and creates instant contrast that opens a huge curiosity loop. Here's how you can do this in your videos. For the longest time, granola was this for me. I thought it was healthy, so I ate it every day, but it made me fat. Shock them by telling them the good thing that they're doing to achieve their desired outcome is actually why they're failing. Two, in all of X, there's never been a Y like this. >> In all of NFL history, there's never been a stat line quite like this. I like to call this the unicorn outlier. Just look at the human obsession with the first man to reach the North Pole or land on the moon and you'll see how humans have forever been obsessed with discovering new frontiers and outliers. And that's exactly why this works. To apply it to your content, pick a time span, all of history, last decade, plus some freak data point, most money made or most brain scans done, whatever. Three, the best and simplest X you'll see. This is the best and simplest [music] guide for a perfect bench press you'll ever see. >> I call this the ultimate guide. It works because it removes overwhelm and signals competence. People stop searching when they believe you have the only map they'll ever need. Now, to really make the most of this format, narrow the promise to solving just one thing. Make it the last video they'll ever need on frequent flyer points or speed reading. When you get this right, shares go through the roof because it's an opportunity for people to look good in front of their friends and family. It says, "Watch this video and you'll never have to watch another video on X-topic ever again." Four, there's an X that lets you Y by Zed. >> There is a sport that if you were to play it will reduce your risk of dying by 47%. >> I call this the statistical jolt. It works because it weaponizes surprising data to shock the audience. [music] Numbers feel objective and undeniable, especially when they're tied to survival or success. A big specific percentage creates believability and gravity and forces people to reconcile it with what they thought they knew. Here's how you can do this in your videos. Drop a surprising stat with a clear benefit or risk attached. [music] The more extreme or specific the number, the harder it is to ignore. For example, there's a habit that increases your income by 74%. By the way, if you're loving these, I put together a free hook swipe file with 100 fill-in-theblank viral hooks. Grab it from the link below. Five. You are X than you think. [music] I call this the ego trip. It works because it latters the viewer with something they want to be true. By suggesting they've underestimated themselves, you create both pride and curiosity. You see, they want [music] to see the proof. Now, here's how you can do this in your videos. Make a bold statement that inflates the viewer's self-image. For example, you're smarter than you think. And then tease the evidence that makes it credible. Six. What I learned in X changed the way I w >> learned in modeling school that changed the way that I dress. >> I call this insider knowledge. It works because it promises secret [music] access to information or experiences. Humans are wired to crave the knowledge that only the insiders or elite know. and they'll watch to feel like they've gotten the keys to a hidden world. Here's how you can do this in your videos. [music] Share an experience or learning from a room you've been in that most people never will. Navy Seal training, boardroom negotiations, [music] flight school. Then tease one principle you walked away with. Seven. The biggest game changer for X is why. The >> biggest game changer for your video sequences right now, shooting video without a lens. >> I call this the sacred rule breaker. It works because it breaks a law that everyone assumes is unbreakable. Violating a sacred rule shocks the viewer and then leaves them wondering how it could possibly work. All right, here's how you can do this in your videos. Identify a core rule of your niche. Never skip leg day. Always use fresh ingredients, whatever, and then flip it on its head. Tease the upside of breaking it, then make them watch to see how it works. All right, so now you have seven killer hook frameworks that are guaranteed to get you more attention for your business. But you can master hooks all day long and still lose if your storytelling is weak. Hooks get the click. Stories [music] keep people watching. So, watch this video next if you want a simple storytelling structure I use to hold people's attention from start to

  Top Comments:
  1. @EvgenyShkuratovDesigner: It's surprisingly useful. Will try all of them several times!
  2. @REALDJTAREK: Hey Yasin, having the same issue and can't see the free hook swipe file in the description?
  3. @bleekky: make theory about viral, but his own video not going viral hahaha you joking right :D
  4. @vigilanciasaude-c6h: Where is the free hook swipe file?
  5. @vladsubrosa: Hey! I love your work and would love to work with you one day, but I need to make a little more bank first. Do you mind sharing the Hook Swipe File. It is still not visible. Is it your "Work With Me" link?
  6. @nbarky: Where is the free hook swipe file?
  7. @imedazzi: This channel is going to exploade

- The YouTube Hook Formula That Actually Works (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en The average YouTube video loses 45% of viewers in the first 30 seconds. Most creators think better content will fix this problem. But here's what everyone misses. It's not about better content. It's about better hooks. I've developed a five-step hook formula that helped me increase my audience retention from 55% to 79% and grow from videos that barely got 200 views to ones that reach escape velocity. But don't just take my word for it. Throughout this video, I'll be sharing insights from top creators who've mastered this skill. Let's start with some wisdom from Samir, who together with Colin have built their careers analyzing what makes videos succeed. The first thing we track is first 7-second viewership, then first 30 second viewership. The thing I have to do after I've earned your click is write a compelling hook that first backs up the title and thumbnail, and second introduces a new question that you want the answer to by the end of the video. Those first few seconds are absolutely critical. As Samir pointed out, viewers need immediate validation that they clicked on the right video. And that's exactly what we're going to master today. Imagine this. You step into an elevator and you suddenly realize you're standing next to Mr. Beast. He glances at your YouTube channel on your phone and asks, "So, what's your next video about?" The doors close. You have exactly 30 seconds. You wouldn't start with, "Well, um, my name's Dave and here's what I was thinking." before eventually getting to the point. Instead, you should just instantly hit him with your most compelling idea or a surprising statistic or a counterintuitive approach that makes your video unique. This is exactly what happens when someone clicks on your video. You have 30 seconds to make your pitch. If you waste those seconds with unnecessary context or slow buildup, they leave. I remember how disheartening it felt when I first started out, pouring hours into creating videos I was proud of, only to see people clicking away within seconds. It's like inviting someone to dinner and then watching them walk out before even tasting the food. That feeling of rejection is something every creator understands. And it's not your fault. Most of us were just never taught how to properly introduce our content. And the data backs us up. YouTube's own analytics show that if you lose a viewer in the first 30 seconds, they're likely not coming back to your video. I want to signal in my first 30 seconds that like I know why you clicked on the video and I understand the problems that you are facing. Obviously, Ally nails it here. Your hook needs a signal that you understand exactly why the viewer clicked. When I implemented this approach in my own videos, my average percentage view jumped from around 35% to 45%. The videos that perform best all have one thing in common, a strong structured hook that follows the five-step formula. Let me show you exactly how this formula works. Great YouTube hooks function exactly like movie trailers. They don't give away the entire film, but they create enough intrigue that you can't help but want to see more. The best trailers make you feel like you'll miss out on something valuable if you don't watch the full movie. Your hook needs to create that same sense of anticipation and FOMO in just 30 seconds. There are three key psychological principles to understand how hooks capture attention and drive engagement. Here's how it works. First, the curiosity gap. Your brain hates unresolved questions. When I say most creators get this one thing wrong, you can't help but wonder what that thing is. There's a gap in your knowledge and it makes you curious. Second, pattern interrupts. Unexpected statements jolt your attention. When Lionus says, "The good news is the Nintendo Switch 2 is coming very soon." That sparks your interest, but then when he adds, "But there's also bad news." Your brain immediately perks up because something changed. Third, speed to value. Viewers make snap judgments about value in seconds. The faster you deliver, the better chance they'll stay. With these principles in mind, let's break down the five-step formula. Your first four to eight seconds need to immediately confirm what your video is about and spark interest. You can do this in many ways. A surprising fact, problem statement, dream scenario, a direct question, or mind-blowing information. Here's a couple of quick examples. Hey, it's Mark. So, the latest Zelda game is wonderfully inventive, loads of fun, and I say this without a hint of hyperbole, a crime against user interface design. Mark is a king of sparking interest. He instantly creates interest with a bold, slightly controversial statement. He signals exactly what this video is about, Zelda's UI design, while creating enough tension to make you want to hear more. I joined a professional powerlifting competition with only 100 days to prepare. The only problem, I've never powerlifted before. I have no technical training, and I kind of don't even know what it is. Matt immediately establishes a challenge and a problem, creating instant interest. You're hooked because you want to know how someone with no experience will handle a professional competition. The key to a great interest spark is making sure viewers know within seconds that yes, this video is exactly what you thought it was while adding a compelling reason to keep watching. To help you master this crucial skill, I've created a detailed worksheet that breaks down all five steps of my hook formula. It includes multiple interest spark approaches, proven patterns for different content types, and specific examples that you can adapt for your own videos. You can grab this worksheet for free using the link below like button. After your interest spark, you need a pattern interrupt, a contrasting transition that creates tension. Words like but, however, or yet. They signal that something unexpected is coming. These guys just broke into my car in San Francisco and stole my backpack. What they'll soon find out is that thanks to some high techch glitter and fart spray delivery mechanisms, that's no ordinary backpack. Ain't nobody back there, right? Mark sets up an expectation, car break-in, stolen backpack, and then immediately subverts it with his pattern interrupt. But what they'll soon find out, this creates a tension loop that makes you want to see that resolution. What are they going to find out? Here's another great example. Your party watches as a massive scaly beast descends on them. Its thunderous footsteps shaking the earth. It lets out a blood curdling roar. That's right. It's that classic D&D monster, the Tyrannosaurus Rex. Wait, you thought it was a dragon? Come on, dragons have wings. Try to keep up. Jenny beautifully sets up the expectation and then interrupts the pattern with, "Wait, you thought it was a dragon?" This moment of surprise re-engages your attention and makes you curious about what's coming next. Your pattern interrupt should be quick, just 1 to 5 seconds, but it's crucial for maintaining attention, and its secondary purpose is to lead directly into the next step. Step three has two essential components working together. The first is the twist, which challenges expectations, and second is the specific value, which makes viewers want to stay. Twist and value. This is where you reveal there's more to know than your viewers thought and provide specific value they'll get from watching. There are many different techniques that you can use as a twist. You can challenge conventional wisdom, reveal unexpected information, introduce a counterintuitive solution, pivot to a different aspect of the topic or raise stakes dramatically. Here's a great example from Marquez. See if you can pick out which twist he uses here. This is a drone. And when I say drone delivery, I think most people picture something like this trying to deliver packages, which is just that's ridiculous. That's way too much. But the thing is, I've been looking into drone delivery for the past little bit, and it is very, very different than that. Marquez starts by acknowledging what you think you know about drone delivery, and then challenges that assumption with, "That's ridiculous. That's way too much." He directly challenges the common assumption about drone delivery that he just established. Then he promises to reveal what drone delivery actually looks like based on his research. That's specific knowledge that viewers don't have. The twist creates tension by contradicting what viewers thought they knew. And then you follow it up with the value that offers the resolution to that tension. This one-two punch is what keeps viewers hooked. We have been invited to meet one of the largest, if not the largest, currently living fantasy authors, Mr. Brandon Sanderson. So, I really, really want to impress him with something cool. The twist. Meeting a famous author isn't just a casual encounter. It's a once in a-lifetime opportunity that requires something special. The value. She's going to show viewers her creative process for making something impressive enough for Brandon Sandersonly, something they can learn from and apply to their own projects. Your twist reveals more to the story than viewers initially thought, while your value clearly articulates what they'll gain by continuing to watch. Without both elements working together, your hook loses its power to retain viewers. There are several techniques to promise value. They range from specific outcomes, time or effort savings, valuable insights, or resource reveals. The key is making sure that these two elements complement each other to create an irresistible reason to keep watching. Next, you need to establish why viewers should listen to you specifically. This can be through direct experience, researchbased authority, or borrowed credibility. Every year, 20,000 cars are broken into in the city of San Francisco. Having teamed up with a veteran investigative reporter and gotten our bait car broken into 25 separate occasions over the past 8 months, Mark establishes credibility through research, sharing statistics, and mentioning his extensive testing. This signals that his content is backed by real data, not just opinions. In my case, for this video, I mentioned how I've gone from videos that get 200 views to finally breaking out by using these exact techniques. and I use borrowed credibility from other creators to make my points. Your credibility statements need to be brief but specific. Give viewers confidence that you can deliver on the value you promised. And step five, you need to compress your hook to deliver maximum impact in minimum time. Use short, punchy sentences that create momentum. And so in this video, I want to share five tips that I've learned over the years that I find super helpful for why your boss might hate you and crucially what to do about it. Alli ends his hook with clear signposting of what's coming next. Five specific tips plus solutions. This creates clarity and sets expectations for the video. Remember the difference between a wordy hook and a compressed hook is dramatic. Just listen to this. If you've been trying to grow your YouTube channel for a while now, but haven't been seeing the kind of results you're hoping for, you're definitely not alone. Because this is something that a lot of content creators struggle with. And it's often because they don't have an effective hook strategy versus this compressed version. Your YouTube channel isn't growing fast enough. You're not alone. Most creators struggle to do this, too. The problem isn't your content quality, it's your hooks. My five-step hook formula can fix this immediately. The compressed version has more impact in less time. Exactly what you need in a hook. And the last piece of this puzzle is the other half of the equation for video, your visual hook. This is basically part six, but only for video. And I'll be honest, visuals are something that I'm actively working to improve in my own videos. Including visual elements will make your hook 100 times more powerful than just spoken words alone. That's because people read faster than they can listen, and they can visually comprehend a full scene almost instantly. When a viewer first clicks on a on your video, they're making split-second judgments based on what they can see, not just what they hear. There are two key visual elements that help the most. If you skip these, you're ruining all the hard work you've done. The first critical visual element is text on screen. Just putting three to five words in a big bold font dramatically improves your viewer retention. These words should distill your main message down to its essence. For example, if your verbal hook mentions why successful YouTube videos use pattern interrupts, you might want to show one of these on screen. The second crucial piece is motion. You need just the right amount. Too much motion overwhelms viewers and they'll miss your message. Too little motion and it's like having none at all. It bores them and they'll leave. This could be as simple as deliberate hand gestures or walking slightly towards the camera, changing your position, or a camera zoom. Implementing basic text overlays and more intentional movement significantly improves how many people stick around. The combination of text on screen, the right amount of motion, and your spoken hook creates a powerful synergy that's far more effective than relying on your words alone. By the way, if you're finding this content helpful, you should know that my newsletter subscribers received this worksheet early. They've already been implementing these techniques while I was putting this video together. When you sign up for my newsletter, you'll immediately get this five-step intra hook formula as a welcome gift. I send out resources like this, plus tips and insights every week. Just click the link in the description to join. It's completely free. And if you just want the worksheet, you can download it and unsubscribe right away. No hard feelings. But I think that you'll find the tips that I share weekly valuable for growing your channel. Let's address four quick hook mistakes that can derail your entire video's performance. The first is too much context. Starting with unnecessary background instead of jumping straight to value. This is one of the key lessons I learned from my content strategy video. if you want an example of what not to do. Second, excessive greeting formalities, wasting precious seconds on, "Hey guys, welcome back to my channel." Some creators can get away with this, maybe in an a bridged diversion of this, but they're not small creators. Third, vague value promises, saying, "This will help you," instead of specifically how it will help them. And fourth, low energy delivery, not matching your delivery energy to the importance of your message. If your hooks aren't working, try to record multiple versions. Be sure to always analyze your audience retention to see where viewers drop off and learn from those lessons and improve in your next video. We're all on this creator journey together. I've made plenty of hook mistakes myself. Videos where I rambled too long before getting to the point or where I failed to clearly communicate the value, but that's how we learn and grow. Every video is a chance to improve, and I'm still refining my approach with each upload. The first 30 seconds of your video can literally be the difference between a video that barely gets 200 views and one that reaches escape velocity. By implementing this five-step hook formula of intra spark, pattern interrupt, twist and value, credibility, and speed to value, you dramatically increase how many viewers stick around for your content. And here's the amazing thing. As you get better at hooks, you'll find that they not only improve your metrics, they also help you create clearer, more valuable content overall. I'd love to hear about your experience with hooks in the comments. What's been working for you? Which step of the formula do you find most challenging? or if you're willing to share, post your best hook from a recent video and we can all learn from each other's examples. I personally read all the comments and I try to respond to as many as I can. Remember, just like growing a YouTube channel takes time, mastering hooks is a skill that develops with practice. Don't get discouraged if your first attempts don't immediately double your retention. Keep refining your approach. Study what works and you'll see improvements with each video. Now you understand how to hook your viewers. But you might be thinking, "I don't even know how to get viewers in the first place." The key to YouTube success isn't making better videos. It's understanding that viewers watch for themselves, not for you. Watch this to understand the mindset shift required to attract more viewers. It's not about you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [59 likes]: I struggled with the hook on the video about hooks, who would have guessed xD. But as I mentioned, improving your hooks is a skill that takes practice. Done is better than none, and I had to get this video out. Keep practicing your hooks too - we're all learning together!
  2. @OnionGrassFoodForest [1 likes]: I love that you included Ginny Di in this.
  3. @imchoffy [1 likes]: Nice video
  4. @shehzadmuzammill [1 likes]: brother you are an honest guy <3
  5. @ОлегБушилов [1 likes]: thank you
  6. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Nice framing — I’d also make the first 15 seconds deliver the same promise as the thumbnail/title so the viewer feels the payoff immediately.
  7. @GrunfWorks: Nice structure. I’d make the first line even more specific about the viewer payoff, then trim anything before the hook has already earned attention.
  8. @Woodenshoe-droning: Great information as usual.  I will use it ❤
  9. @BjornFree7: I'm bad at this. I've been writing for 35 years as a hobby, published several times. But I can't set the hook to save my life.
  10. @pearlbotts: love this video! thank you for sharing
  11. @DirtyLittleRats: thank you!
  12. @zivamayne: 0:12 79%💀. This is what I’m trying to get better at right now
  13. @motorradvoyager: Absolutely gold content for new channels
  14. @TopDeckCardsUnboxing: good advice!
  15. @SothpawDesigns: I watch a lot of generic "make better videos" videos, but this is an excellent piece of content. You got the sub, and even got me to join the newsletter, which I VERY rarely do. Thank you.
  16. @DemonBunnyDioramas: Great video. I struggle on how apply this my diorama videos.  great doc too, thank you
  17. @SimpleTechExplained-ur2ig: Thanks for a hook. Really nice!
  18. @butCheek2000: Do you know anybody that can help me with a hook because I don't know how to do a hook?
  19. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  20. @rod_yap: thx bro

- How to HOOK YOUR AUDIENCE! ♦️ The Youtube Game - Video Tips: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone I'm Cody from the YouTube game here to help you with your YouTube gaming channel this is probably one of my most important videos but it is how to hook your audience in in the first 30 seconds of your gameplay of videos so a bit of context here if you guys didn't know most viewers they click on your video and you have about 30 seconds before they decide should I just watch the rest or should I just go watch another video that's it you got 30 seconds so every second counts so what would be my recommendations then well let me tell you put a very funny intro clip right at the front of your video something funny from like way later on just cut it out put it right in the front beginning of your videos so people know this is gonna be a funny video alright and once you have that maybe it's like 5 to 10 seconds long go into your intro and go from there so right after your funny intro clip you want to do a proper intro hey everybody my name's this youtuber then you want to give some context to the video what your going to be doing what the games about other stuff I don't know just give the context so the viewer isn't completely confused when they start seeing the gameplay and then of course from there just dive right in try and put some exciting stuff ray the beginning may be like a big fight boss battle etc etc and you should have a pretty good video get a lot of watch time in retention and the last thing I want to add is remember your calls to action that's what other youtubers refer to them as but it's like asking that your viewers leave a like subscribe and hit the notification bell if you ask that like in the first 30 seconds to a minute of your video before the viewer is like fully engaged in the content they're more likely to do those things so very good tip there anyway those that's gonna be all for this video so if you guys found this informative helped you out remember to leave a like subscribe hit the notification bell and also leave a comment if you have any questions concerns when I started a bit of a discussion about this class could be you so thanks again for watching and bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thegamingdojo8 [4 likes]: Hi Cody, I have 9 subscribers right now. I followed your advice, so thanks for the help! I made some funny horror letsplays with my friends, how's my YouTube game?
  2. @t-rexgaming1618 [4 likes]: Good bro keep going👍

Best of luck!!
  3. @CreativeThinking52 [1 likes]: Awesome tips. Thanks for sharing. Have a great weekend.👍👏72 likes
  4. @joshstormin6580 [1 likes]: Thanks again pls I need your advice I've thinking of adding music to my videos but most of the songs that are actually good are either copywritten or non copywritten with a risk of a copywrite strike or demonitisation and I really want to continue this youtube channel but I am totally broke I don't even a mic

- 33 Tricks to Hook Viewers (And Blow Up Your Channel): Kind: captions Language: en You're about to learn 32 tricks that pro YouTubers use to pull in millions of views a month and keep their viewers hooked. But these just aren't any tricks. To find them, we at One of 10 studied thousands of viral videos and worked with some of YouTube's biggest creators to prove that they work. And they certainly did. So, if you're looking to blow up your YouTube channel, let's start with number one, the barrier of exit. So many YouTubers fail to hook their audiences because they're not thinking about one of the biggest factors when it comes to the viewing experience, and that's your viewers's device. The barrier to exit defines how easy it is for your viewers to click off your video and leave your channel forever. On a phone, the barrier to exit is really low as a viewer has to fight the urge to open apps like Tik Tok or Instagram with just a swipe of a finger or maybe exit due to a notification popping up or a call coming through. To grasp the attention of a phone user, your content needs to be more seducing than all of that. Moving at a fast pace and making it extremely difficult for them to peel away. As for a laptop user, you can kind of imagine someone maybe having a lunch break at work and browsing some YouTube or having some downtime when they come home. The temptation is there for them to maybe open up a game, check the news, or browse online shops, but the session is more dedicated and moves a bit slower in comparison to the phone user. And finally, we have the TV watchers. And TV is actually the winner when it comes to the highest barrier for exit because playing around with like a clunky TV controller to try and find good YouTube videos requires way more effort. So once you get someone watching on a TV, they are less likely to leave. You need to think about the devices that your audience use because it will affect the way that you actually design your content. The fast-paced attentiongrabbing style of mobile optimized content will differ from the slow, more traditional approach you can get away with on TV. Number two, the audience memory curve. There was some really interesting research done on audiences and their ability to remember public speeches. One study revealed the concept of the audience memory curve, which suggests that listeners are more likely to remember information presented at the beginning of a speech and at the end. What this means for YouTube is if you put your best content at the start of the video, your audience is more likely to remember that and have it carry through for the rest of the video. Number three, same old, same old. One of the most difficult things to do on YouTube is to have a viewer watch your video from the start all the way to the end. So, when that does happen, the last thing you want is to lose a viewer like that. But there's a sneaky trick that pro YouTubers use to keep you binge watching their channel. And I want you to see if you can spot it here in Will Tennyson's video. The best cocktail we can have is equal parts a nutritious diet, lots of water, and some good quality sleep. The end screen that Will pulled up is not just any endcreen video. What Will is doing here is setting up a viewer to watch another I tried video, which matches the format of the video the viewer just watched. Doing this massively increases the chances of viewer watching another video, which only gets them spending more time with you and growing a deeper relationship to you as a creator. Number four, start a fight. One weird way to hook your viewers is actually to annoy them in a smart way. Exposure to opposing viewpoints can actually flick a switch in the brain and bring on a state of heightened attention. The reason why is when your own beliefs are being challenged by something, you go into a state of questioning, and you're prompted to reflect on what you're actually watching. So, next time you're crafting an intro, maybe have a think about coming up with a statement that opposes common belief. Number five, the false package. Have you ever ordered something from online and it doesn't quite look like the picture on the website? What if I told you that even a good thumbnail can make viewers feel like they're being cheated? This can actually happen if your video doesn't meet the expectations that your thumbnail set. To fix this, you can completely match the thumbnail early on, like this channel, Couch Co-op, has done here, or simply match your video's aesthetic as closely as possible to the visual language you've used in your thumbnail. Number six, your viewers make the rules. The next hack is a little bit more data driven and it has everything to do with the average view duration of your audience. If you're lost on how long you need to spend using different tactics to hook your audience, go into YouTube analytics and check the average time your viewers are sticking around in your videos. If your average view duration for your whole audience is about 3 minutes long, you know that you need to at least pack as much value, information, visuals, graphics, whatever it is in that first 3 minutes of the video to hold your viewers at least for that minimum view duration. Number seven, the 15-second rule. If we count the number of changes in the first 15 seconds of a video from a big entertainment channel like Mike Shake compared with an education channel like Ali Abdal, we can see that there is not only a difference in the pacing, but also the type of visuals presented in the videos. So to optimize for your own niche, compare yourself to competition and count how many times their videos are kind of making changes in those first 15 seconds and take note of the kinds of visuals they're using to influence your editing and the pacing of your content. Number eight, upwards trend. But speaking of the start of your video, there's actually a sneaky trick you can use to create the illusion of increasing value, and that's using your second best bit of information first and then following up with your best point. So doing this creates this kind of upward trend where your audience feel like your content is only getting better and better and then you get a really positive emotional response from your audience and they stick around. Number nine, the bribe. Of course, if spending hours crafting, you know, intricate hooks for YouTube is something that you find very difficult, you could always bribe your audience. And by bribe, I mean create some form of valuable resource to give your audience for free with the condition of sticking around for the whole video. This could be a PDF, a notion template, a short guide, or something like editing assets. So, what you want to do is mention that resource at the start, but don't mention how they're going to get it until the end. Number 10, go beyond. I want you to take a look at this Mr. Beast thumbnail here and have a think about the expectations that you get from seeing the title and thumbnail. Now, we're going to have a quick look at the intro to that video and see what he does with that expectation. I just bought this train and it is currently barreling full speed towards that giant pit over there. We're also crashing countless cars, blowing up thousands of sticks of real dynamite and even putting 10 jet engines on a car. You can see that straight away. He confirms your expectation of the train versus pit. But then he goes way beyond that expectation and provides so much further value by showing other crazy stunts he's also going to pull off. The best YouTube videos are the ones that not only match the expectations that are set by the title and thumbnail, but go way beyond them as soon as possible. Say, for example, in the intro. Number 11, the trust builder. One of the quickest ways to hook your viewers is to simply show them that you've achieved what they want. Whether it be financial success, an achievement in a video game, building something cool, or a challenging skill, if you simply show your audience, hey, I've done this thing with proof, they're much more likely to stick around and listen to you. Number 12, you're not alone. Remember that even though you might feel like you're alone in front of your camera, you're actually interacting directly with someone or even possibly a group of people. Using some form of active audience participation such as questions, discussions, or interactive activities can really increase audience engagement and video retention. Number 13, turn boring into virality. To understand this trick, we're first going to take a look at this really boring video idea, metal detecting a Pennsylvania park. But what if I told you that this idea isn't actually boring, it's just the way it's being presented. If we take a look at Ryan Tran's same idea, which is basically just a video about metal detecting, he's created way more story and intrigue with his title and thumbnail. With just a glance, we're wondering about what he might have managed to find in the ridiculous distance of 100 miles. He's also suggested finding valuable items and the location of a beach sounds more interesting than a Pennsylvania park. No offense to the uh Pennsylvanias out there. Imagine taking the first metal detecting video and transforming it into I metal detected 100 American parks and putting something intriguing in the thumbnail that gets people thinking what the hell did he find? Imagination is your ultimate weapon for hooking an audience. So think big. Number 14, tools of the business. And speaking of ideas and imagination, pro YouTubers are always on the lookout for more tools or services that they can use to help free up time so they can create more content. The most effective tool for YouTube ideas is one of 10, which is basically a massive search engine for viral ideas across YouTube. To come up with viral ideas for your own channel, you can search the homepage, browse keywords, search through similar topics, and more to inspire ideas that are databacked to give you more views and subscribers. So, if you're interested, check the link in the description and use code T50 right now for 50% off for life. Number 15, end on a low. There was a study done that examined how audiences on social media reacted to different advertising approaches. The study found that negative appeals, those that highlight a problem or a negative outcome, are more effective in driving user engagement and prompting action compared to positive or mixed appeals. What this means for YouTube is when crafting your hooks, whether it be at the start or the end of your video, you kind of want to think negative. Targeting the problems and pain of your audience and hopefully giving them a solution will always hit harder than just giving them something happy golucky to think about. Number 16, silent intros. What if I told you that a massive chunk of your audience is actually watching your videos on mute? Well, this actually does happen and it's due to YouTube's autoplay feature when users hover their mouse over your videos. So, to hook all viewers, you actually need to craft your introduction in a way that makes sense even if the sound is muted. I cannot stress how important the visual clarity of your video needs to be, especially in the early parts of the video. Number 17, the heart twist. I want you to pay attention now because we're going to watch a clip of Mike Shake and he's going to give us a masterclass in how to increase your viewers emotional investment into your video. But money has the ability to make a huge difference for people that really need it. This is Marica and she just died at my same age after complications during childbirth. The kid is safe, but still in a reserved prognosis in a pediatric institute. I'm gonna find a way to get the money to this kid. So, how am I going to do that? I want to try date ready. The moment we understand the reason behind why Mike is trying to invest and make money is the moment that we become emotionally invested in the video and we start rooting for him to succeed. This is a perfect example of like raising the stakes in a story, which increases the tension of a video and keeps us wondering about whether he's going to succeed or not and successfully help raise money for the child's care. And once we're emotionally invested, our brains are forced to pay more attention, switching into a type of stress response. It's only when we're rewarded with a resolution to that tension, in other words, a payoff, that we can slip back into a state of relaxation and satisfaction. Number 18, move with the beat. Did you know that the chemicals dopamine and serotonin that help regulate our mood can be manipulated with music? Studies indicate that music can evoke specific feelings and these emotional responses are consistent across different listeners. One of the best ways to use soundtracks is to use it to define different sections of your video, leading viewers feelings from one section to the next. As we spoke about before, building tension in a video before rewarding your audience with moments of relief is a great way to increase audience satisfaction. So enhancing that tension and relief with soundtracks that are tense or allowing your audience to breathe with something a bit more relaxing is another trick the pros use. Number 19, feed your fish. Now, just as a warning, this uh following statement might offend a few of our viewers. Younger generations, particularly Gen Z, are reported to have shorter attention spans when engaging with social media content. For instance, Gen Z individuals may lose focus after about 8 seconds, which is comparable to the attention span of a goldfish. In contrast, older generations tend to exhibit longer attention spans with baby boomers averaging around 20 seconds. So, apologies to the younger viewers, but this really matters because the way you format your content completely depends on who your audience is. Generally speaking, if you have a younger audience, you're going to need faster paced hooks, faster paced visuals, and so on. If you're targeting a Gen Z audience, you got to make videos that even your goldfish can watch. Number 20, your viewers run with you. And speaking of speed, I watched this really interesting TED talk the other day and I learned something really interesting. Pace. I can get very, very excited by saying something really, really quickly or I can slow right down to emphasize. So, next time you record a YouTube video, pick up the pace to get people more excited about what you're saying and then draw people in with a little bit of a slower delivery. Number 21, the triple combo. You actually want to think of a hook more like a sandwich. And one layer simply isn't good enough. Yes, the filling is crafting a great hook in your script, but it doesn't taste as good without being sandwiched between a visual hook and an audio hook alongside it. Sandwich your hooks to increase retention. Number 22, be different and the same. If you're going to make the same video as another creator, whether that be literally copying the same title or covering the same topic, you'd better be providing a different experience in comparison. Your video either needs to provide more value or give a unique angle, story, or simply be more entertaining. Because if it isn't, why would someone even watch your video? Your number one goal on YouTube isn't to present new information all the time. It's to take information that's already out there and present it in a new way that feels fresh to your audience. Number 23. Effort goes a long way. Now, I want you to answer a question. If you wanted to learn something from someone, would you choose the guy who has done that thing 1,000 times and spent £10,000 on resources to enhance his skills? Or would you choose the dude saying, "Hey, I like this subject. Let me tell you about it." Funnily enough, most YouTube videos are actually that second guy and people make the mistake of not taking advantage of something called leverage input bias. This is when you state how much effort or resources you've invested into the video to hook people into wanting to watch simply because of the amount of effort you've put in. An example of this in a hook would be, "Over the past six weeks, I spent 200 hours studying the top 100 YouTubers in the world. I spent £13,000 on their courses, and I finally discovered three things that guarantee a channel's growth." So, the next time you're making a video, flex how much effort you've put into making that video. Number 24, every hero needs a villain. I want you to imagine The Lion King without Scar or Snow White without the evil queen. It's kind of hard to picture the story moving anywhere, right? You see, villains in a story help amplify interest because they create contrast. But a villain doesn't have to be like a scheming lion or a nasty queen. A villain in a YouTube video can be more conceptual, like a competing idea or an organization that stands against what you do. A character also works, but the number one thing you must remember is that villain is creating friction between you and your desired outcome. Number 25, the big for big rule. Now, we can't talk big without talking about Mr. Beast. So, I want you to see if you can spot what the big for big rule is in this clip of his. Just grab whatever car you want. Let's go race. All right, let's go. And I called up some of the biggest local creators to have a field day with these super cars. Let's have some fun. They are going so fast. And this is just the first of many experiences we're going to be doing here. What Mr. Beast is doing here is saving the biggest transitions, the most exciting parts, and the biggest load of movement and special effects and so on for the biggest moments in his video. Big moments only feel big if smaller moments happen before them. Number 26, the troll under the bridge. Now, I'm sure many of you have heard about bridging sections between your video. What this essentially means is connecting one section of your video to the next in an effortless flow that creates an engaging viewer experience. Unfortunately, a lot of creators tend to lose a lot of viewers in between sections of their videos. The reason why? Well, their bridges are missing trolls. You see, once you set up a problem or a troll in your intro that has been solved at some point in your video, you've essentially got rid of the troll that was bugging your viewer. So, once you get rid of one, you've got to invite another one in and present a new problem to your audience to rehook them into the next section of your video. Number 27, the status hack. Now, for this next trick, I want you to pay attention and tell me what is more convincing. I wrote this book in just three months and we've just hit 2,000 sales in our first week. So to celebrate today, I'm going to be giving you three writing tips that will not only help you write faster, but also help you get that first draft sorted in less than 2 months. And version number two, hi everyone. I'm going to give you some writing tips to help you write your first book. I think we all know whose video we're sticking around to watch, right? If you've got a lot of credibility behind what you are saying or what you are teaching, hook your audience with it immediately and even reinforce it throughout your video. And you can go a step further with visual receipts if you have those as well. Number 28, the clarity effect. When making YouTube videos, if the videos that you're making makes you feel clever, but your audience feel dumb, those are really, really bad videos. Videos must be built around clarity, but clarity isn't only about the information that you're presenting. So, make sure the following is clear. Clear speaking, clear sound effects, clear music, clear visuals, clear structure. Uh, clearly we need to move on to the next trick. Number 29. Wake your audience up. I want you to pay attention right now and see what this does to you as a viewer. Here's an interesting question. If someone was following you, would you notice? Now, what did that question do to you? Well, I'm hoping that it created some form of internal dialogue because doing so gives you the ability to switch your audience from a passive viewing into active viewing. Number 30, the struggle is real. It's no doubt that being relatable is clearly a superpower on YouTube with authentic channels like Emma Chamberlain, Casey Neistat, and Sam Sulk pulling in millions of views every month. But what does being relatable actually mean? Well, people relate to others who tell stories of overcoming adversity rather than displaying effortless success. Stories with relatable struggles hook viewers emotionally, and showing your flaws or being honest about when things go wrong really makes viewers root for you. So, don't be worried about talking about the downs that always come along with the ups. Number 31, max power. Have you ever recorded a YouTube video and you felt like really upbeat and good during the presentation, but then you watch it back and it looks like this? Hey guys, today I'm recording a YouTube video and I'm going to speak about Well, it's because your bones are lying to you. I'm actually being serious. Vibrations in your bones actually make your voice sound better when you're speaking. But those vibrations aren't picked up through a microphone. That only picks up vibrations in the air. So, to kind of compensate for that vibrational loss, you've got to put in a bit more energy into your presentation, 50% or more to kind of yeah, make up for that. Number 32, the volume magnet. And speaking of energy, another sound trick is to use volume to capture the attention of your audience. You can use a quieter tone to pull people in and get them to really focus on what you're saying or explode in a thunderous roar to help your viewers snap out of their passive trance. Number 33, catch a breath. And then when you get tired of raising the volume, it's okay to just have a little bit of a pause for your viewers to process what the hell they just watched. Now, learning all 33 of these tricks can certainly level up your videos, but if you're leveling up your videos that are built on a really bad foundation for a channel, it doesn't matter how many tricks you use, your videos just won't get views. So, if you're looking to follow a similar path to all of the big creators that we've worked with, you might want to click this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @KILLA_Doge [9 likes]: Still expecting this video to blow up any minute now....😂
  2. @Andrew_Passantino_1 [1 likes]: Lots of good tips!
  3. @ungal_chennaivaasi [1 likes]: I personally love your content sooo much 🔥 everyday it makes me more n more better content creator grateful for your channel
  4. @Trollsworkshop: 8 months later and still under a k views… what gives? I have videos that are way waaaaayy crap in comparison and pulling 1k in under a month… fine… I’ll share it (wait🤔 that’s 1 of the 33 mistakes yeah) 
But what if you shared it on FB and the thumbnail was tuned to only hook your audience in other words only the people who click on that fb link were: 
1:) knew what it was about
2:) are interested in that content
3:) have that specific pain point they want to solve 
🤔
  5. @Alan-xs3om: crazy underrated
  6. @lupa2020: Really good vid.
  7. @Barry_The_Reckless: I'm shocked this channel/ video are under a thousand veiws

- 5 visual hooks that keep viewers watching: Kind: captions Language: en If you don't hook people within 4 seconds of starting your video, you're toast and all of your hard work on scripts, recording, and editing can be thrown out the door. So, today we're going to look at five visual hooks that you can try in your videos. These are things you do not say at the start of your videos to hook viewers. Bonus points if you can make these a recurring thing that makes it easy for viewers to recognize that you made the video. My visual hook is this pink fluffy mic and my pretty decent background. For you, it might be wearing a cap, holding your dog, or taking a sip of water before you actually start talking. The first visual hook that you could try is to film from an unexpected or weird setting. This could be filming from your car or maybe on a morning walk. Just look at this video by Patrick where he films from his car >> to our NAN workflow. So absurdly inexpensive, super power >> or this video by Jay where he's on his morning walk, >> you know, would be a good fit in saying, "Hey, I don't know if you saw this, but I offer this product or service or this program." I think it'd be a great fit. >> If you don't want to do the unexpected setting, at least invest in an aesthetically pleasing background. That's why I'd rather film here with a set of lamps than in the dark with my lamps off. The second visual hook is color. Yes, it's that easy. You can easily introduce more color in the stuff you wear or in your background. That's why this shirt does better than this boring gray shirt. If you're not going to go with color, go with something weird or unexpected on your shirts, like our founder, Grant, whose visual hook is to wear weird t-shirts. Here's his hardcore software t-shirt. His politai, which means police t-shirt. This one says lover. And not to forget about BDSM, which stands for business development, sales, and marketing. You perve. The third visual hook is quite simply your microphone or your gear. Sometimes I wear my pink fluffy mic and sometimes my blue fluffy mic. Another great example is this one by subway takes where the mic is attached to a subway card >> for you. >> 100% disagree. >> Provided you walk a lot. >> Or this one by Lyanna Ava who comments on fashion using what looks like a call center microphone. >> Cleo camp. >> Hi, I'm Cleo >> and she designed this piece and this is why it is great. I actually bought three. >> Next up, the angle you film from can also be a visual hook. Filming from above, below or from the side breaks patterns for your viewers. Just take a look at this YouTube channel called Fashion Neurosis, where Bella Freud interviews people in a laying down therapy like setting. And yes, that's right. Bellaf Freud is Sigman Freud's great-granddaughter. Just take a look at this session with Lord. >> Welcome to Fashion Neurosis, Lord. >> Thank you. Can you tell me what clothes you're wearing today and why you chose them? >> I'm wearing this old Yoji blazer that I really love. I'm wearing old Margela trousers. And the last visual hook is to do something with your hands while you film. It could be holding a drink like this. It could be preparing some food or some tea. Or why not do some crafts while you talk? I love this example by Alex on a budget where she peels a grapefruit. It's so random, but it hooks you. But I'm approaching mid-30s. I have very little patience and I don't care about a lot of stuff. >> It's for that exact reason that creators on TikTok do their makeup while they do story time. >> Things my ex-boyfriend did and I still stayed. >> You get the point. Now remember, a visual hook can be small or big, but if you manage to stay consistent with it, your viewers will know it's your video before they even hear you talk. And that's exactly what you want. Which of these visual hooks will you be trying? And is there a visual hook that's worked really well for you? Feel free to share it below. And don't forget to subscribe if you want more on how to use video to grow your business in a way that doesn't burn you out. See you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethfong [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape:
  2. @Odsoawesome: and on the 4th second bit in to some  toast genius
  3. @BrandonHull: Great video. Motivated me to get far more creative with my video for my students to have a little fun with things.
  4. @ProfRichardAI: This is definitely something I have to work on. I like the idea of filming in unexpected places. That would work really well for my shorts!

- ARE THEY HUMAN?! (Viral Filipino Singers on TikTok | Vocals Reaction): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Laughter] God damn it God damn you Philippines hey guys's going bud it's mam here welcome back to the channel welcome back to another Filipino reaction it's going to be something a little bit different today guys uh normally we're just checking out a song or a performance or something like that but today we're going to hop on Tik Tok and I'm going to have a look at a couple of the viral Filipino singing challenges a lot of you guys have been talking about these you've been saying there's a lot of good Filipino Talent over on Tik Tok so we're going to check it out today I recently checked out Filipino kids nailing uh English songs which is a really good watch unfortunately it's blocked at the moment so unfortun it's not on YouTube it is over on the patreon for those of you who do fancy watching it early and supporting the channel but hopefully that'll be up soon and that got me really interested to see some of the talent that this country has because there were some young singers on there pulling off some incredible notes so hopefully we're going to get some today over on Tik Tok really looking forward to it and without further Ado let's H right into it right then here we go guys I've literally typed in Filipino singing on Tik Tok and I've tried to choose some of the most popular ones so um yeah let's have a look man oh Seline Di heart oh my wait okay first of all this is incredible I mean the power behind his voice second of all how are these guys just standing here as if there's nothing going on are they that used to hearing this I mean I'm guessing they're his best mate they're like right here here he goes again let him go but still I'd be like what that's incredible that is absolutely incredible that is not an easy song to sing either and his mates are just like like where even are they look like they're in some like karaoke bar or something it's not even like a proper performance right this girl looks about nine silent baby let me go I'm sorry she has to be be lip syncing to a older vocalist surely what is oh my God yeah you are still a child why are you singing like that God what she no no hang on this dude this bit yeah I'll just be like okay dude there's no need for a je out on that what okay dude as I keep saying it but there's something in the bloody water there's got be that is great Filipino singer until they heard her voice okay so this is like a proper show now I don't know what show this is from but to the reaction to look you you don't even need a passport anymore if you're trying to get into the Philippines you don't need a Filipino passport you just need just just ask them to sing and then you can confirm whether they're from the Philippines or not you must imag you there walk away from me I have nothing follow us for more videos oh my God it really blows me away because I've never heard of this stereotype like it's not a it's not a common stereotype when I thought of Filipinos I didn't think like oh they're all amazing singers but I'm beginning to learn that they've got an incredible natural vocal ability for some reason but I'd never heard of it before I was never aware of this [Applause] oh my God he's not going to do it as well oh my God the emotion is this what you is this what you guys do in the Philippines when you go to play karaoke I mean look here in the UK we don't have that many caraoke places mostly because not many people can sing but we all just kind of whail into a microphone that's kind of what happens there's no expectation for you to have any sort of a voice but I wouldn't even want to go in a karaoke room over in the Philippines cuz I'd shown up it's laughable it really is laughable and it's the I'm guessing this is a whole family behind do you see the girl with the red cut walking in watch her and they you can tell they're used to it as well they're like yeah well done but like I guarantee you she's probably been singing like that since an early age cuz I've I've seen a lot of really young Filipino girls especially in the last week who have just got incredibly mature vocals it's incredible here we go fa family gathering ings in the Philippines be like PA is this what you all be doing man you you just have like a a worldclass vocalist singing our lungs out just during a family gathering guys look people pay hundreds and hundreds of pounds over here to see stuff like this and she's just sat there on a sofa C can you guys please let me know if she is on a stage yet and she has a job as a singer or a musical artist of some sort because that's what she deserve you you if you she's going to break the karaoke machine I mean what what is it like a score out of 100 it's going to break it this is going to be like 150 oh my God wow gra um okay well if you know if there's someone like that at the family gathering I'm I'm always turning up that's all I'm saying Jesus Christ right Pino normal chill day be outside having dinner just outside having a couple drinks with with this guy oh he's got a beautiful tone say how do you hear the broken heart that like it will never be this much again what do you do if you're like down that street and you hear this coming out when your windows open I i' I'd go down the street and just you know you don't even need a ticket do you how do you broken heart that like oh he's got a gorgeous tone to his voice wow pretend to finally put and wake and find that I found you and find how you go I mean is is you you can tell as well the crazy thing is it's like a normal occurrence for them isn't it you can tell like this isn't like a special occasion they they just be out on the street singing the karaoke like this and I also feel kind of bad because I feel like there's so much talent in the Philippines that you know not everyone can make it not everyone can be a singer so there's probably so many of these people who are just incredible singers who who work normal jobs you know what I mean but they've got this incredible talent but because the competition is so Fierce from what I'm seeing here from the Philippines not everyone can make it you know it's so saturated I mean let me know if I'm right about that but that's what I'm assuming all right normal party of the Philippines oh my God think I think is it just like a guarantee there's always going to be that one person at the party you know you have a party of 30 people it's like 100% of the time there's always someone who can sing like this it seems like it God mic drop you deserve a mic drop after that lady I don't even know what to say anymore oh God here we go uncle's at the karoke you you can tell he's about to he's about to give us some vocals just for the St right here both of them right if I put my uncle on a karaoke machine in my kitchen it would not sound anything like this that that's all I'm saying I love how they're both in the in the exact same fit pretty much as well blue t-shirts matching the background and I mean they've both got a voice they haven't just got a oh he's got he's got like a this this one on the left who keeps coming in the darker blue t-shirt he's got a voice that would fit kind of a heavy metal kind of song He's Got That kind of a they both have actually he's got a screamy vocal yeah dry your face man oh Jesus Christ I'm definitely going to have to check out some more of these guys I've only got one more here today but we we'll definitely do some more in the future when you hit the highest note but you can go higher God damn it godamn you Philippines what in the hell is this I thought the note before was like the highest one cuz I looked at the caption I was like God that that's impressive and then he goes up again and it's is what is into his that he's been holding the note for about 5 Seconds already and then he goes up I mean I I thought he was out of air he wasn't out of there I mean he was just ready to go even bloody higher it's it's incredible it really is I really hope I can get that other reaction that I filmed of the The Voice Kids performances up soon guys as I said it's currently blocked due to copyright but that was incredible this is amazing man I mean especially where where is she this girl right here this young girl this was ridiculous let me just listen to this again go how fitting that she singing I was just a child because that is a very young child and she is singing like she's about in in her late 20s she's singing better than I ever will in my entire what about 10 times better than I will in my entire life and look like I mean she's so young it's incredible man uh yeah let me know if you want to see more of these guys I know it was kind of a different kind of video but um it was a lot of fun watching through his Tik toks and there's loads of them I didn't realize I typed in Filipino singing and there was like loads of results of all of these most of them like family gatherings just out on the streets you know they're not even proper performances they're not professional singers a lot of these people I'm assuming have normal jobs they live normal lives you know that they don't do this as a profession and yet they're out here and they're singing like this man someone signed these these people up like a major label in the US go and you know give give some of these people the living they deserve let them do this as a full-time job the thing is there's just so much talent that I guess you can't give everyone a job is ridiculous man let me know what you uh what you thought down below let me know if you want to see more you know any uh particular Tik toks you want me to check out let me know as well and as always guys thank you so much for watching yeah there we go guys thank you so much for watching today's video once again if you did enjoy it a like written down below would be much appreciated and make sure you have clicked that subscribe button guys we're going to have loads more Filipino reactions coming in the near future future so make sure you subscribe to the channel it's completely free as I always say and you'll be notified when I upload the next one so definitely worth doing it have a beautiful rest of your day guys we will hopefully see you very very soon in the next reaction video peace off

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrSammyCam [703 likes]: I think I've got a new favourite search term on TikTok, and it's 'Filipino Singing' 👏🏻
Which TikToks should I check out next? Let me know below guys! 💜
  2. @emelgracepadillo9948 [1 likes]: as a Filipino this is how we sing very well ass all we know we are the first to create a karaoke machine and we were born to be good to sing like we're blessed I liked mine bc no one will😢😢😭😭😭😭
  3. @pinoywanderer2756 [1 likes]: Because Philippines is an English speaking Country from Grade 1 to College as introduced by USA after WW2.  From then on .... We became an English speaking nation from Elementary to College ❤❤❤. We can easily sing in English.... I myself was a band member singer/ Drummer  I used to earn a living then. Philippines truly is a land of good English singers ... That's guaranteed.These singers are not even known or popular in the Philippines now ... But their talent are really exceptional. That's a simple evidence ... Singing is a good money earner .... Why not sing ❤❤❤.😅
  4. @FritzieEstomago-p5m: I am a
  5. @124Boppie: I like your summary on those presentations!!! Yes they can sing !!!
  6. @CassandraYsabelleGonzales: 4:13 give me goosebumps even tho im a filipino still i think her voice is VERY very powerful!
  7. @virginiaholzer7358: I think this happens in Cebu,they are talking Bisaya, the people in the background ❤❤❤❤
  8. @shaneaudreyeledio3942: Ahh I'm a pilipino I'm so famous on our home all of my family's and even the random people know cause just of my talent which is singing and I planned to joined a choir group...
  9. @totoleogonzales: yes im a filippino
  10. @kintic6816: The fact that they're all sitting
  11. @sharlineeguin6358: NORMAL DAY IN THE PHILIPPINES BELIKE:
  12. @PatralynMamparo: that is normal if your in the phillipines like in a party a friend meet up like that
  13. @lemmor2066: At every party or holiday—whether at school, at the beach, in malls, or at home—karaoke is everywhere. It became our training ground, and because there is so much talent in the Philippines, the competition continues to get tougher.
  14. @YohannKaideMendez: We Philippines love karaoke
  15. @ChrisReeeeedLCA: also if you can notice all Filipinos sit while singing a high tone. proud to be Filipino but not so much. lol
  16. @johnartuz5979: Filipinos or the Philippines are the best and great singers for the world... Mabuhay Philippines!!!!
  17. @graytower1786: I assured you that every filipino  family there's always one or two could sing
In my family ,my mother she got good voice but my sister got talent 
In singing but she died , i miss her 😢
  18. @SocorroTolentino-m3m: Jong madaliday with a champion Filipino singer wins in 2023 I think duet that song
  19. @SirWackade: part 15:25 one of my favorite song "Kahit Kailan" by South Border
  20. @shindongsantos2459: Dude its better hearing it as it is sang near yourself.

- Kids React to Lily's Disneyland Surprise...AGAIN!: Kind: captions Language: en - (children) Kids React to viral videos! This episode: Lily's Disneyland Surprise... AGAIN! - (mom) Hi, Chloe! - Hi. - (mom) Hi, Lily. - (glumly) Hi. - (mom) What's the matter? - (Lily mumbling) ...Grandpa. - Hmm, burn. (chuckles) - (mom) Who do you have, Lily? - (Lily) Dorothy. - Oh, she's so cute. - (mom) What are you doing, Chloe? - "Being bored." - (Chloe) Um... - (mom) Where are we going, Lily? - (Lily) School. - (mom) I know. School's so fun! - (whispers) No. - No, it's not. - (mom) It's not fun? - (Lily) Uh-uh. - No, it is. Be quiet. - Come on. You get to learn in school. Come on. What can be wrong with that? - (mom) Daddy passed school! (girls laughing) Fail. - I wish my parents would do that and just keep driving and driving. - (Lily, chanting) No school! No school! No school! No school! - Heh. No school! - No school! - (Lily) No school. - (mom) You want to ditch school today? - (Lily) Uh-huh. - (mom) Let's ditch school today. - Boo! - (Lily) YAY!!! - (laughs) - (mom) I think we should ditch school... - "And go to Disneyland." - (mom) And go to Disneyland. - (Lily) Yeah. - I've never seen this. - (mom) What do you think? - (mom) Okay. - Lucky. - (mom) Let's go. - (Lily) You're serious? - (mom) Yeah. - (Lily) No... no... - (mom) We're going to Disneyland again. - This seems oddly familiar. - Wasn't there another viral video like that? (Lily mumbles inquisitively) Yes, honey. - Aw, now she's gonna cry. - (mom) Oh, honey. - Is she really crying? - (mom) We're going again. - (Lily) Oh my gosh. - Why is she crying? - (mom) Chloe, we're going to Disneyland! - (chuckling) Okay. - I love that girl! - (mom) We're going, Lily, for three days at Disneyland. - That's awesome. - (mom) Today. (Lily giggles) You deserve it. You deserve it, honey. You can bring Duffy. - I can't tell if she's happy or sad right now. - (mom) Aw, I love you. - (Lily, crying) I love you too. - (mom, cutesy voice) Are we going to Disneyland? - Her face. She is awesome. - I love her reaction. She's just staring at her. - (mom) Say, "We're going to Disneyland!" - (Chloe) Mm-hmm. - I love her. - She's just like, "Yeah, okay." - That was cute. - I feel like I've seen that person-- like, Disneyland something-- before. Hmm. - (children) Question time! - (Finebros) Tell us what happened in this video. - So it was two girls. And the mom was saying, "Oh, let's go to school." And they were going to school. Then the dad drives past the school. - The mom is like, "Let's ditch school." And she's like, "Really?!" - "You're gonna go to Disneyland." She looks happy. - And then she started sobbing and crying of joy. (imitating crying) - (imitating crying) - (imitating crying) I love you guys. Then the mom was all like, (emotionally) "I love you too." - And then the other girl's like... "Yeah, we're going to Disneyland. Big deal." - Why's the big girl complaining that she doesn't want to go to school? I LOVE TO GO TO SCHOOL! - (Finebros) And how did her little sister react? - Just like... - She wasn't doing anything. - That looks like attitude. - She was just staring at her the whole time like, "What is your problem?" - "We're going to Disneyland for three days." Doesn't even care. Like, she's looking at the girl crying, her mom crying. She's like... (Finebros snickering) - (Finebros) Have you ever cried out of happiness? - Nah. - No. - No, I've never cried. - Yes. - Yeah. (chuckles) - I surf a lot. And when I caught my first wave, I was running to my mom crying 'cause I was so happy. - I think you guys know the answer. One Direction, the movie. I mean, it was so emotional for me. - (Finebros) So do you remember seeing something like this before? - Yes! - Yeah. I still remember that one. - Oh yeah, her birthday. - On this show, yes! - One of the episodes of Kids React. And it was with that one little girl, and she also cried. - (Finebros) That's the same girl. They did it again to her. - (imitates explosion) It's amazing how her reaction hasn't changed. - It's like a science experiment, I mean, seeing how they develop. - Yeah, right. - (Finebros) It is! It's her! It's the same girl, Lily. - (grumpily) Fine. - (Finebros) This same mom surprised the older sister with a trip to Disneyland in another video two years ago. And we showed it in an episode of Kids React that you weren't in. And in that video, she also cried. - What? - (chuckles silently) Really? Why does the little girl still cry? - That's mean. That's cool and mean. - I get them filming it once, how she was surprised. But filming it again might just be a little boring. - (Finebros) Why would they surprise her again, film it, and put it back on YouTube after they went viral the first time? - I don't know. - Maybe to get the money for Disneyland. - Maybe because people loved it, and they want to see it again. - To go viral again, to get all the views. 'Cause they're hip and cool parents. - Publicity, man. You want to get famous. Make your daughters cry-- that's how you gotta do it. Smack 'em a little bit. It's okay. If they cry, it's good. - (Finebros) What do you think about these parents for letting their kid skip school and go to Disneyland? - Good parents. - I think they're pretty awesome parents, and I would love to have them as parents. - I want them. Can I trade those parents for my parents? But even if I'm sick, my mom's like, "Just go to school." - I don't know. Why would you let your kids skip school? - If they skip school, then they won't have homework to do, and they won't get a good grade. - I want to learn stuff! I don't want to be absent! - I feel bad for the principal having a kid with such low grades. - (Finebros) Do you think it is right to take kids out of school to go on a vacation? - No, it's not right. You have to get your kids schooled. - No! I want to go to school. School's better than Disneyland. - Yeah, I approve. - I'm really down for that. I would skip every day of school if I can. - Only if you've been working constantly, really hard, it's an extra reward. - If you're not sick for seven days, the police are going to pick you up in your pajamas. If they're nice enough, then they let you put some clothes on. Then they're gonna do this. They're gonna drive you to school. - (Finebros) So she was very happy about skipping school before she even knew about Disneyland. - I think every kid's like that. - (Finebros) Why do so many kids not like school? - 'Cause school is boring, seriously. - Well, because the work. - I have really annoying boys in my class, so... - 'Cause you have to sit down and listen, when you just want to run around. - School sucks. We don't need to learn. Two plus two equals five. That's all we need to know. - (Finebros) Finally, now that you know that Lily has cried both times she was surprised about Disneyland, if they take her a third time, should they surprise her again? - I would say yes. - It's funny. - Yes, I think they should, 'cause I think-- I would be curious to know if she still cries. - No, it's just gonna get boring. - No, 'cause that's repetitive. First time, that was awesome. I gotta admit, she was lucky. Second time, oh, I remember that! Third time... ♪ (dramatic sting) ♪ Okay. - (tearfully) We're so happy that you watched. Can't you see how happy I am? - (tearfully) Oh my god, guys, I'm so happy you're watching Kids React. Thank you. - (tearfully) Hit the Subscribe button. It will make me so happy. - No crying while you're watching this video. - Hey kids, please stay in school and please do well. ♪ (end music) ♪ (silence)

- THEY ARE GIFTED! (Viral Young Filipino Singers on TikTok | Vocal Reaction): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Moricette. Hey guys, goam here. Welcome back to the channel. Welcome back to another Filipino reaction. Today we are back with some more Tik Toks. It's been a while since we've done one of these videos and I'm kind of getting withdrawal symptoms from Filipino singing. I need some more in my system right now. And the best way to get some in my system is by checking out some viral Tik Toks because they're always popping up on my for you page now. I'm well and truly in the Filipino algorithm and you guys have been sending them in too. So many talented unknown singers who just have normal jobs who are just roaming the streets of the Philippines uh with a ridiculous hidden talent. So uh yeah, we're going to check out some today. Really excited for it. Let's do it. Right, guys? My favorite time of the week is here. It's Filipino singing time and we have a load of videos here that you guys have sent in and also just ones that I found on Tik Tok. If you do want to send them in, guys, I love watching them. Even if I don't include them in a reaction, they're always good to watch in my spare time. So, send them to me over on Instagram or Tik Tok, Mr. Sammy Cam on there. And let's get right into it, man. Oh my god. Moriceet. Moriceette looks a lot younger here. Oh my lord. This is like the next generation of Moriceet. Hang on a second, dude. What? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hang about. Okay, this baby is getting the show of its life and it doesn't even know it. It's just there playing with it little toy and he's got her singing. I mean, how She's not even that old. How What was this? Wow. And this is why everyone in the Philippines grows up knowing how to sing because they grow up in their CS playing with their toys with these beautiful vocals coming from their siblings and then and they're obviously just like there taking it in subconsciously and then they're just going to grow up and I bet in about what 6 years time this baby's going to be doing the exact same thing. It's ridiculous, dude. That whistle note. Oh my god. I have I actually I've heard it from people like Moriceette, but I have not heard it from someone that young. That is ridiculous. Oh my god. Right. We're on a boat apparently. Oh my god. Karaoke on a boat. It keeps me alive so many along the way. And I know I've never seen anything like this. This is the most wholesome, peaceful thing I think I've ever seen. Floating down a river, all singing karaoke. You got four boats here. Oh, and everyone's just having a little sing song. And by the way, the greenery and everything, the scenery in the background so beautiful. And they've all got incredible voices. I think she might be covering the microphone. Okay, there we go. It's better. But I always Oh, she keeps putting her finger over the microphone. Dude, I want to hear it. I want to Her voice is special. Really special. She's covering the microphone, dude. Get your finger off the microphone, woman. Look at this though. Everyone just got selfie sticks. We're floating down this beautiful green river. Oh, here we go. We're back. Shame. I always live to a brighter day. I was thinking I was like, "Hang on, there's a guy at the front. I haven't heard him yet." And then he comes out with that. You will always listen as I pray. Wow, dude. This is genuinely the most peaceful, tranquil, like real thing I've ever seen. Like these are raw ac capella vocals and this is some real nice tranquil scenery. I mean, this is just the beauty of the Philippines in one video. The beautiful trees and the greenery which I've been seeing, but then also the voices of the Filipinos. Dude, I don't know how these boats are staying afloat with all this vocal talent packed onto it because everyone can sing. Ridiculous, man. That was that was truly special. Right, it looks like we're at a wedding or something here. Honey, I can see the star. Every time you touch me, I just melt away. Everybody, everyone smiling. There has not been one lady in this line who can't sing yet. And not only can they all, but they can all sing ridiculously well. Like, we're not talking about just a good vocal here. We're talking about brilliant vocals. Wait, we got some guys here. Thing is, I bet they're going to get the mic in a minute. Oh, she's a performer. Wait, is this a normal wedding or we just got a load of celebrity singers lined up here? Cuz that's kind of what it feels like. Hey, thank you so much. Okay, she didn't sing. She just shouted something in the microphone. Dude, they're fighting over it. They're going to There's going to be fight over that microphone. It looks windy as well up here. again. Oh, do you see that hair flick then? My word, woman. This looks like a good party vibe though. I must say through my [Applause] tears first baby. It's the power. That's what it is. She's got some real gust though. I'm not exaggerating when when I say you would not see this in any other part of the world. There's no chance you'd have a party with this many singers unless you were at like maybe the Grammys or something. It's like an award show. Oh, I like her. Oh, she's got some real presents. There is not one person who is not smiling and absolutely loving this though as well. This is so much fun. Wait, we got a chair here. What's going on? Oh my god, she's on the chair. Dude, that ac capella bit at the end. This is just unmatched, isn't it? This energy. It's just a whole party vibe. Everyone's smiling. It was a freeforall for the microphone. I thought there was going to be a fist fight at one point. Like, give me the bloody microphone. That's the only thing that Filipinos would fight over is probably a karaoke mic. That was amazing, man. That was just great vibes. We're going to follow that with oh, a guitar and a very youngl looking boy right here. And you know what that means when it comes to Filipinos? This is not so easy. Oh my god, he's got such a clean tone to his voice. I can tell like he he's kind of, if I was being super critical, he's probably quite new to singing and he's still, you know, adapting to what a brilliant voice he's got. But listen to this tone, man. That and that's got to come naturally. Something like that. It's quite harsh. It just punches through anything. He's got that kind of voice that he can really um he can really What's the word? I'm not too sure the word, but he can go very loud with it. Do you know what I mean? It's got a bit of power as well. God, serious talent there. Serious talent. Right, Ariana? Filipinos are the best singers in the world. No, they do. gravity. It's time to try. Oh, yeah. They are. It's my boy. It's my boy Stealth. That was a cool little edit. Still Stella. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's not a Filipino compilation without my boy Stelle Vesta in there, is it? Wicked as well. Was like the wicked premiere or something. Not too sure. Holy night challenge. your knees. Oh, thees Christ was gone. It's not even a challenge for her, let's be honest. I mean, you you've definitely passed the challenge with flying colors, Mrs. Who is she? Oh wow. Oh wow. Dude, look. Look at Look at this kid over here. She has not moved a muscle. She hasn't even like looked around to see what's going on. This is how used to this she probably is. She's like, "All right, here goes my sister again." You know, just just belting out a ridiculously good solo. Look, she's just like, "Yeah, sounds good, but I've heard it before." If one of my family members did that, I would be calling up Britain's Got Talent. I'd be calling up X Factor. I I mean, I'd be I'd be telling everyone because we we don't see it. But there you go. This is just their household. This is just what happens on uh Sunday evening. Just get the fantastic vocals coming out. When you attend a Filipino family gathering. When you attend a Filipino family gathering, And it's not your fault. Baby, you do. You know what is making me really smile is this woman in the back. I don't know if this is his mother. It might not be. I'm going to assume that. Yeah, I'm going to assume it might be his mother. And she's just got that proud look on her face of like, yeah. Do you know? Do you know what's really what I've noticed about Filipinos as well is they're not afraid to get up and sing and they're not afraid to to do it. I think a lot of people here, even if you can sing, it's normally a bit like, you know, oh, I know, you know, I don't want to I don't want to sing in front of everyone, I feel too nervous, but they're just so comfortable singing in front of their families and stuff. And it's probably because you've you've been bought up like that. You know, even when you were kids, you know, you'd have the karaoke machine out and then it's just like a it's just a tradition that it's just kind of a normal thing. But there'd be a lot of people who would be scared to do this, especially even if they could sing over in England, they'd be like, "No, I don't want to get up and sing in front of everyone." But they're proud of it. And I mean, you you should be if you've got a voice like like some of these Filipinos. I'll never get tired of checking out these Tik Toks, guys. And I really I still can't believe that this stereotype is actually like a a real thing. You know, I at first I was like, you know, I thought it was a jokey thing. You know, all Filipinos can sing. Of course, not all Filipinos can sing, but I I'm sure there's some that can't, but the rare minority are only a very small proportion. And most people in the Philippines have got ridiculous voices. It's crazy stuff, man. Thank you so much to everyone who sent in these Tik Toks, guys. Again, if you do want to send me in any, I'd love to see them. Instagram is Mr. Samicam. Tik Tok is also Mr. Sammy Cam, message me them over there and I will check them out either in my own time or on a video and I love seeing them. So, keep them coming in guys. Uh, thank you so much for watching. Again, make sure you're subscribed so you don't miss the next one. And as always, thanks so much for watching. Before we go, guys, again, thank you so much for watching today's video. If you did enjoy it, a like down below would be much appreciated. And again, as I always say, if you're brand new to the channel, you have been enjoying these videos and you're not yet subscribed down below, make sure you've clicked that button. Make sure you are subscribed to the channel. It does mean you'll be notified whenever I upload the next reaction and we'll have loads more coming. So, it's definitely worth doing it. Hopefully, you all love the rest of your day. Hopefully, you're staying safe with everything going on and we will catch you very, very soon in the next Filipino reaction. Peace off.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrSammyCam [194 likes]: I've heard whistle notes from adults, but I've NEVER seen a child pull one off.. until today! 😅
Thank you for watching guys. Keep sending your videos over on my Instagram & TikTok! 💜
  2. @amirahreign5178 [1 likes]: 8:34 as a Filipino yes it is a very normal thing to do in a wedding they do karaoke and that very normal❤
  3. @fhelixhamtig2755 [1 likes]: Proud of being Filipino thank you for your videos mate.cheers🤙
  4. @yvonnecabalida9956: Im a year late but the intro sounds so good my head started to malfunction
  5. @jeisanchez402: As a Filipino! I’m crying! 😭
  6. @KurtLucas-c3d: Filipino is good at singing because from the moment we are born we hear song from our parents lullaby mom singing while cooking while cleaning while pooping while taking a bath. even while working so idk how filipino kids will have no idea how to sing.
  7. @MaximoRivera-s5l: Skills sharpen skills
  8. @MaximoRivera-s5l: Whistle tone is becoming normal too😂😂😂
  9. @nads448: Most Filipinos only sing for fun and their own entertainment! If they all pursue singing it will be like Filipino nurses invading the world 😂😂😂
  10. @arikb-n7i: My mother side of the family sings! We all can sing, my brother and 3 sisters. 😉 Now my first granddaughter is starting to sing without being taught. 😂
  11. @davegonzales8391: the girl that singing in the boat is from maasin river from siargao if I'm not mistaken😅
  12. @Kaela_is_Unknown: introduction didnt even start the girl on coming up let my jaw dropped on the floor
  13. @BaserIsa: You're such a good tee reactor...!!! You deserved to hair more,, our pleasure to share our natural givin gift from god!!!
  14. @kuro-sk5: Damn as a Filipino these kids would get singers a run for there money...😂😂
  15. @marianadarlo-l2d: its normal day
  16. @VinceVasquez-t5d3i: The girl in the holy night challenge video ha that Ariana grande hair and manifesting her voice
  17. @lorymv3187: Singing, music is inculcated in our culture. We have our own native lullaby songs in each region, we gave a song while planting rice "Magtanim ay Di Biro"... It's been there since time immemorial.
  18. @MJDeLeon-q3w: To be a famous singer in Philippines is really a competition because many knows how to sing .
  19. @MJDeLeon-q3w: Thank you for appreciating the Filipinos like to sing.
  20. @lokkimusic: 95% of Filipinos are great singers and I'm so proud to say that I'm part of the  5%

- Viral Filipino SHOCKING Karaoke Moments: Kind: captions Language: en viral Filipino shocking karaoke moments. A lot of people have been spamming me on my Tik Tok. By the way, this is my Tik Tok. It's uh been doing pretty well. You guys have been loving the Tik Tok post. I was like, "Hey, I'm going to continue that." And of course, I can't fully post full videos on there. I can only post up to like 10 minutes. So, to watch the rest, you have to come to my channel. But a majority of my posts are there. Pretty much all of them are, but only like half of them cuz I be reacting to very long videos, which [music] I just love, dude. I don't know. I'm a yapper. I love watching a lot. Anyways, I'm excited for this. So, please come join me, man. A lot [music] of you guys linked this over on my TikTok and so I'm excited. Viral Filipino shocking karaoke moments. [music] Let's go. It's 2026, so put that 2026 in there. I love [music] you guys. Happy New Year, everything. I love you guys so much. Let's get to this. >> Wait, tell me you're Filipino without telling me you're Filipino. Well, I mean, [laughter] number one, the Tagalog song. Number two, everybody singing. Of course, join in. [music and singing] >> This is all on a boat, too. [laughter] >> Somebody got the adlibs with it. >> This is how you know you're Filipino, right? There's that one guy adding the adlibs. There's somebody else who's probably going to take the solo. Start singing like Mariah. And the third guy's recording. Fourth dude. Fourth dude is not phased like the one next to him. That's like the That's like the scale. You just got to choose which one are you? You the recorder, the Mariah Carey one, the adlibs, or are you the [laughter] Are you the one who's just not faded? Like, yep. Here we go again, guys. Yo, hold on. [singing] [music] >> No, I love this, bro. This what I'm talking about. [singing and music] >> Now, who drunk is it? >> [music] >> Wait, the guy is recording too. The cameraman. Yo, hold on. So, everybody drinking at this point, bro. Cuz like, no way. [laughter] Usually, it'd be like the cameraman just watching. Damn, bro. Ah, man. What it would be to feel like being in this moment, hearing the cameraman singing, the guy on the karaoke sing, everybody else joining in. This must be like such a a very happy and memorable moment. And these are the things that you should cherish always because I don't think I'd ever forget a moment like this because just think about it, right? You have your friends, maybe your family, right? Because this might be their family as well. Maybe it could be his brothers. Who knows? Let's assume it's his friends just to be safe. You and your friends are all jumping up and down. One of your friends is recording. He's joining in on the singing while recording and the other one's just sitting and just, you know, belting on the mic. But you just look around you, you see all of them in synchronization and just happy. You know, there's so many moments in my life where me and my friends laugh all together or start doing something all together and it's like one of those moments where you just kind of click and you're like, man, I don't think I'm ever going to forget this moment. Beautiful moment. That almost made me tear up. I think it's because like you really think about it, you know, cuz all you have even at the end of everything is your memories. You don't get you don't you don't keep your your jewelry. You don't keep your material things. You keep moments like this. Those moments where you guys are all laughing or loving a song so much you don't even know what you're doing. You're like, "What am I doing? Why am I jumping up and down like an idiot?" But you look back like, man, I'll never forget this normal [music] day in the Philippines. You You got the uncle with his shirt showing his belly. You already know the singing about to be off the charts. [music] >> I hate to interrupt. Is he trying to sit in the chair while he's in it? Look, he's trying to pull. [laughter] Okay. Yeah, you know this is the Newman session, bro. You know it. Just Just pay attention, bro. Listen, man. He dressed like me, too, by the way. I've been wearing flip flops everywhere I go. Slides, bare feet, you name it. That's just the Brazilian in me. Slash Filipino heart. I love you guys for saying that, by the You guys be saying I have a Filipino heart. Brazilian uh born but uh Filipino heart. I like that. But with that being said, this is like a prime example of a normal day in the Philippines. You had a drunk dude trying to take the chair while he just belting like a beautiful singer. [music] >> [singing] >> Oh my [music and singing] >> Oh my >> Did everybody just do that or was that the karaoke system? What is he filming? What is he filming? [laughter] What is he doing? >> Yo, somebody sent him down. He gone, bro. He had too much. This is the point where like you get really really really gone. Like you get way too drunk and then you you don't even sing anymore. First you get drunk, then you you know what I'm saying? And uh this is the point where you went past that. Bo can't even speak. He probably can't even He can't walk. He can't stand or record. >> Oh my, >> bro. His singing is phenomenal. But yeah, this is this is a normal day in the Philippines. You got the one dude gone. He's [laughter] just [gasps] It's 9:00 a.m. Bros bro stumbling and one of them is singing and blasting like like it's a concert. This is what I'm talking about. This [laughter] is the stuff. See, we even got the female. [music] >> Oh my. [singing] This is a duet. And I'm assuming they're not even professional singers. This is just an Enuman session and you're doing this. Food at the table to drinks at the table. Bro, stop this. This is too good. >> Stop. >> Dude, [music] stop. This is going to get copyrighted. They're going to think that this is the original period. That's what they're going to do. They're going to copyright me. You know how many times that happens, by the way? They copyright me, guys, because of that. Because like somebody be singing too good in the Philippines. They the the song like people copyright me assuming that I'm playing the song. I'm not even playing the song. And no, I'm not talking about the the rhythm or the beat in the back cuz they do copyright that. You can check whether they're copyrighting the beat composition or whether they're copyrighting it as you're using the song like with the singer. They be copyrighting me that I'm using a song with the singer. I'm like, "No, I'm not. This is just they they sing so good. It sounds like it's the singer live or something. So they be copyrighting me like that. >> Thank you. Yes. People are clapping. Inspire her, bro. >> Hit it. >> [music and singing] >> Just give it. [laughter] >> No, no. This is the great, >> dude. Greatest. These are top five normal day. I've seen this before. See, again, I'm going to get copyrighted by Seline. [music] Wait, is it Seline who sings this song? Oh my gosh. Am I stupid? Yo, I don't know. I I remember Seline was the one who sang this song, the original. Let me know. >> I remember messing that up. [music] >> Oh my gosh. What? You see inspirational, beautiful singing and to the right they just chatting. Yo, this is the this is a normal day in the Philippines right here. [music] >> They chatting like bro singing like >> oh my gosh. >> Oh, bro, this is so good. [music] >> Oh, no. >> Build it. [music] Yo, you know he's singing good when the quality getting worse and worse. Bro, he's breaking the sound barrier, manipulating the camera quality. Bro, look. Yo, we went from iPhone to Android to goddamn Nokia, bro. What just happened? [music] >> Oh my. See when he stops singing when he stops singing the quality comes back. >> No. No. That was beautiful. Oh my gosh. Oh, >> dude. Dude, see if I walk past him in the Philippines when I go again, I'll be like, "Dude, I'll walk past him and start doing this, you the one, bro." Cuz like being able to do this, man, it's just one of the most beautiful things. You have to understand and you have to tell people, you know, like we ain't going to be here forever. You have to let them know, yo, you are so good. You are so good. >> He got that dad like [music] Rit to his voice. >> Do it. >> The Yo, this dude ain't even phased, bro. Oh my. I'm sorry. Like, bro, is too good. And I love this. Clap. Clap. Everybody clap. This dude is too talented for people not to understand that he needs to know he's good. >> Yes. Absolutely legendary. >> Ranking Pinoy Karaoke. Oh, this is one of my favorites, >> guys. One year after a breakup, he drinking, too. [music and singing] >> Oh my gosh. He got a cigarette in his hand and he doing this. I'm done, bro. >> Here we go again. >> Like how, bro? I can't. This is too good. >> Yo, the cameraman like she it might be her mom. She's like, "Yep, yep." Now hit that note. Uhhuh. One more. Nice. Like I just love it. Like she over here like guiding her. >> Is he singing for him too in the back? Okay, that was fire. At first I thought it was just like rapping and then bro on the side singing beautifully. Whoa. Like what? [music] Oh my gosh. That is one of the most beautiful things I've ever heard. >> I don't care what no one says. This is unbelievable. Oh my gosh. It's like they're in the studio. >> Oh, of [music] course. >> Yep. [singing] Look at this. No reaction. Chilling. And if you're chilling near like anything like this with just one speaker, one microphone, sitting down singing like that, you are amazing. I don't care what no one says. [music] >> Ah, kind of long, bro. It's done. She's about to hit this. You guys ready? Here comes copyright, bro. >> She's just hitting that. They just ch I'm done, bro. Oh, now you realize you don't hear that. Oh, yeah. Yeah, she just doing her thing. >> Absolutely unbelievable. Let me know if you guys want more like this and honestly link over some more videos. Maybe that have a compilation. I love you guys. Thank you so much for linking these over. I can't wait to see some more. So, [music] till next time. Peace. >> How good you been living? way. How [music] good you been living? I've been [singing] living too good for you. I've been living too. Did what I did and I do it again. Every move that I make, I ain't feeling repent. Nobody [music] believes to believe it's a friend. [singing] And you question your moves like Billy Bone in your moves like Billy. >> Huh? Really?

  Top Comments:
  1. @klburrito7341: Filipinos grew up singing. At the church, in karaoke sessions, at school. At school, Every day began and ended with singing the national anthem as we raised in the AM and lowered the flag in the PM. If it wasn’t raining, the entire school would gather outside to sing together. Every single day! imagine that. It really shaped us to improve pitch, control, breathing and confidence.
  2. @orangeppl: You need a spiritual homecoming to the Philippines. We’re waiting for you.
  3. @mybebeme6848: I feel the last girl singing wearing black , she's broken hearted .
  4. @adelinawhitford2730: 💖💖💖
  5. @WanderinFaith26: You know Filos so well 😊
  6. @CrisnelLaurilla: If you go to Philippines., you must try to go in karaoke bar.,to experience haw great Filipino singers is.,
  7. @JonelDelaCruz-n2f: @VI3ION visit Philippines bro I will accompany you here in Philippines 😊
  8. @Blackbadger-d5c: The rap song is Titled Upuan by Glock 9.
I hope you understand his words.
Upuan means chair but the song is referring to the President.
  9. @seiragrayskull: 💙💙💙
  10. @thatatv6229: Normal day
  11. @gracecarumba3227: We love you gab from philippines
  12. @AyleenMalibago: Yes my experience also using in star maker then I upload her in YouTube but they copyright hehe hehe the song oh holy night they copyright
  13. @ChristinejoyDumogho-xg1oy: ❤❤❤
  14. @gabymax6137: Hi, could someone tell me the name of the song at 13:02?
  15. @ramosondivilla3473: ❤❤❤❤
  16. @rcmobilegaming8778: Lupit ni kuya ganda ng boses.
  17. @cmbeauty25: Normal for us that😍
  18. @cmbeauty25: ❤❤❤❤ new subscriber thank you for posting for our beloved countryPhilippines,i love all the history of  our country that you post
  19. @MylineBanian: Thanks for always reacting
  20. @SyndicateJava: Bruh you have to understand, when we chill while the other one sings, that's respect.
And then you also have to pass on the Gin or Rum hehe

- Cell Signaling: Introduction to Growth factors and Cytokines: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Applied Biological Materials growth factors and cytokines video series! In this video, we will introduce what are growth factors and cytokines, how they function, and how they can be applied in scientific research in clinical settings. Growth factors and cytokines are vital signaling molecules that control cell activities in an autocrine, paracrine or endocrine manner. They are key to a cell’s biological function by binding to specific receptors and activating associated downstream signaling pathways which in turn, regulate gene transcription in the nucleus and ultimately stimulate a biological response. Serving such a crucial role in cells, growth factors and cytokines are absolutely indispensible to human physiology research. At Applied Biological Materials, or abm, we offer a wide range of recombinant human growth factors and cytokines at competitive prices for all your growth factor needs. Growth factors and cytokines affect a wide variety of physiological processes such as cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, morphogenesis, metabolism, wound healing, and tissue homeostasis in adult organisms. Abnormal expression or regulation of growth factors and cytokines can instead cause various diseases such as cancer, liver fibrosis, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. In the past growth factors and cytokines were thought to respectively serve as cell growth components and immunological response factors. More recently, as different lines of research have converged, it has been found that cytokines and growth factors can have similar functions and therefore, these terms are now used interchangeably. There are several different signaling mechanisms a cell uses to best suit its purpose. Paracrine signaling occurs between neighboring cells where the signals elicit quick responses and last only a short while due to the degradation of the paracrine ligands. In autocrine signaling, a cell signals itself through a component that it synthesizes, leading to a biological response within the same cell. Lastly in endocrine signaling, growth factor and cytokine components are secreted into the blood and are then carried by blood and tissue fluids onto target cells whereby subsequent responses are triggered. Growth factors can also be divided into various families or superfamilies based on structural and functional characteristics. An example of a major growth factor family includes: The Transforming Growth Factor Beta (TGF-beta) Superfamily. In this example, all family members have dimeric structures and their heterodimeric receptor complexes consisting of type I and type II receptor subunits with serine or threonine kinase domains. Within the family, complex interaction remains the same. Following ligand binding, the type II receptor phosphorylates and activates the type I receptor which then activates a Smad-dependent signaling pathway that regulates gene transcription. For research purposes, growth factors are used in a wide variety of cell models to study their functions and their intricate signaling pathways. Based on their roles, many growth factors and cytokines have also been utilized for preclinical and clinical applications. Recombinant Human Platelet-Derived Growth Factor (PDGF), for example, has been used to stimulate angiogenesis, migration and mitosis of mesenchymal cells in preclinical studies. Although clinical applications of cytokines are considered standard treatment for certain diseases, there are also side effects accompanied with them. For example, the administration of G-CSF has been reported to cause osteoporosis, bone marrow necrosis and acute coronary syndrome High quality growth factors must pass rigorous quality control testing for purity, quantification, and activity. Purity tests such as SDS-PAGE can determine whether or not the product is contaminated with non-specific proteins and/or endotoxins that can trigger undesirable effects such as cell differentiation. Quantification is used to achieve product size and results. Commonly used protein quantification methods are: Bradford colorimetric dye, UV-Visible Spectroscopy, and Densitometric comparison. Growth factor activity is tested through specific bioassays that determine the relative strength of the growth factor to a standard. At abm our growth factor and cytokine products are extensively tested through these quality control standards before they are delivered to our customers. If you have any questions and comments please leave them below and we will answer them as soon as possible. If you enjoyed this video, check out our other video series and subscribe to get the latest updates! Thank you for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @lyds-dm3my [5 likes]: Dear ABM,
I found this very helpful with my current study on signalling via growth factors. I was wanting to know what video program you used to demonstrate the physiological mechanisms?
  2. @KrishanKumar-tq6sl [3 likes]: this helped me to make my project more effective
i found it very useful
  3. @berrinsarac [2 likes]: your animations are so clear!! much better than most books. Thank you very much!!
  4. @waelali7261 [2 likes]: I have a question how how to use growth factor in cancer cell models , do they work alone by adding growth factor to the media or do we have to add any other agent to make them work .? I hope you can reply me as soon as possible , thanks
  5. @jagannathdasa [2 likes]: Since some cytokines inhibit cell growth, or trigger apoptosis, how feasible is it to interchange the terms cytokine and growth factor?
  6. @yasserelgabry [2 likes]: Do u think that the growth factor GF the ligand , finally leads to transcription of its gene (GF gene ), and also the GFR gene , as well as many other genes . am I right ? All the best
  7. @yasserelgabry [2 likes]: Do we have a gf gene , or it's synthesised only by the cell, all what I need to know pls, is the origin of those growth  factors, thanks
  8. @murtaza6626 [2 likes]: dear ABM,
i just wanted to ask if there has been any research done in regards to cancers, don't all different types of cells need a specific growth factor?for example muscle cells and eye cell wouldn't there be a different GF for each of these categories?
  9. @varshithareddy8440 [2 likes]: can growth factors helps in optic nerve regeneration?
  10. @varshithareddy8440 [1 likes]: I have taken cytokine growth factor injections for optic atrophy.. how many months it takes to restore my vision?..I lost my vision bcoz of tumor in right parieto occipital region.. severe pappiledema was noticed..tumor removed 9 months ago..but it took growth factors 2 months ago..how much time it takes to restore vision?
  11. @dr.humayunkabir742 [1 likes]: Growth hormone is a example of growth factors.Am I right?
  12. @Akashpalve: Can cytokines help to regeneration of cartilage and bone? Is it helpful in autoimmune disorders?
  13. @ravibathula9105: Which cytokine is useful for osteogenesis for bone formation and revascularization
  14. @ShubhamYadav-cu5zg: Do exosomes will be helpful in maintaining cell inductive capacity for the cell signalling of tooth germ cells for tooth regeneration, as research going on at kings college of london by dr paul sharpe.
  15. @shukenadashore6527: Growth factors like PDGF have very small half life. How do you advise their use in cell cultures. How frequent replacement of Gfs do you advise?
  16. @talhatalha8966: Excellent
  17. @aeshasharma3236: This is very useful. Can you please explain the groth factors delivery strategies in tissue engineering.
Thank you
  18. @janakmedicos9735: Cellular growth. And growth rate regulations. Aging and Cancer.
  19. @simplicitas5113: Medical researchers tend to call everything cytokines, cellbiologists tend to call them all growth factors. Is this not true?
  20. @sarale57: Hi, I took growth factor orally, spray, and after a month or so I got Shingles on my back. I never know if it was from the growth factor. It sure made me feel very, very good. I'm 66 and had shingles just once before. I took the GF for fibromyalgia and osteoporosis. What do you think?
Thank you,
Sara West

- Viral Structure and Functions: Kind: captions Language: en viruses are a unique group of pathogens with a simple a cellular organization and a distinct pattern of multiplication despite their simple structure they are a major cause of disease they have no cytoplasmic membrane cytosol or functional organelles but they can infect all types of cells and numerous viruses can also infect bacteria which are called bacteria phages viruses and bacteria phages are not capable of metabolic activity on their own so instead they invade other cells and use their metabolic machinery to produce more viral molecules nucleic acid and proteins which then assemble into new viruses viruses can exist either extracellular Lee or intracellularly in the extracellular state the virus is called a very on and isn't capable of reproducing a very on consists of a protein coat called a capsid surrounding a nucleic acid core which contains the genetic material or the viral genome the nucleic acid and the capsid are collectively called a nucleic acid some variants have a phospholipid membrane derived from the host cell called an envelope which surrounds the nucleo capsid the viruses that have an envelope are called enveloped viruses and these include the herpes viruses and HIV while the ones that lack the envelope such as poliovirus are called non enveloped or naked viruses once inside the cell the virus enters the intracellular state where the capsid is removed and the virus becomes active in this state the virus exists solely as nucleic acids that induce the host to synthesize viral components from which baryons are assembled and eventually released now the viruses are surrounded by an outer protein coating called the capsid which protects the viral genome and aids in its transfer between most cells also according to their capsid symmetry the viruses can come in many shapes and sizes there are three types of shapes helical icosahedral and complex first the helical viruses have a capsid with the central cavity or a hollow tube which is made by proteins arranged in a circular fashion creating a disc like shape the disc shapes are attached helical e creating a tube with room for the nucleic acid in the middle an example of a virus with helical symmetry is the tobacco mosaic virus which is the most studied example moving on to the icosahedral viruses which are made up of equilateral triangles fuse together in a spherical shape that fully encloses the genetic material these viruses are released into the environment when the cell dies breaks down and lysis thus releasing the variants some examples of icosahedral viruses include poliovirus Rhino virus and adenovirus finally the complex viruses have a combination of icosahedral and helical shape and may have a complex outer wall or head tail morphology the head tail morphology is unique to viruses that infect bacteria called bacteria phages and they have an icosahedral shaped head and a helical shaped tail these viruses use their tail to attach to the bacterium and then they create a hole in the cell wall and insert their DNA into the cell using the tail as a channel now the nucleic acid core of the virus contains the genetic material which can either be DNA or RNA and the total genetic content of the virus is called the viral genome the viral genomes are usually small and contain only a few genes that encode for proteins needed by the virus that's not present in the host cell the genetic material can be single-stranded or double stranded linear or circular in DNA viruses the viral DNA enters the nucleus and uses the hosts DNA polymerase to create more copies of itself as well as viral mRNA that gets translated into viral protein with RNA viruses many of them stay in the cytoplasm where the viral RNA is used by the hosts ribosomes to create viral RNA polymerase proteins these will help replicate the viral genome so more viruses can be created RNA polymerases are more likely to make copying errors than DNA polymerases and therefore often make mistakes during transcription this is why mutations and RNA viruses occur more frequently than in DNA viruses as a quick recap viruses are a unique group of infectious agents with a simple a cellular organization and a distinct pattern of replication they can exist either extracellular Lea where the virus is inactive and isn't capable of reproducing or intracellularly where the capsid is removed and the virus becomes active a virus in the extracellular state is called a Varian and consists of a protein coat called a capsid which protects the viral genome and aids in its transfer between host cells the capsid is surrounding a nucleic acid core which contains the genetic material or the viral genome which can be either DNA or RNA some variants have a phospholipid membrane derived from the host cell called an envelope which surrounds the nucleo capsid according to their capsid symmetry the viruses can come in many shapes and sizes and they can have three types of shapes helical icosahedral and complex

  Top Comments:
  1. @agapeforever9546 [3 likes]: Love from Ethiopia 🇪🇹
  2. @hoangminhtranle9084 [3 likes]: That’s why I love watching animation so much! 
Thank you so much for providing interesting and useful information in just 6 mins!
  3. @OrpheusAsareJnr [1 likes]: Your explanations are simple yet contains or the information needed
  4. @user-GabrielAnts [1 likes]: How does smallpox spread from cell to cell? For instance, flu viruses spread from cell to cell when they force a cell to burst open, causing thousands of viruses to get released into the extracellular space. There, the flu viruses find new cells to infect, however they are exposed to the immune system, making them easy to detect.  Now, HIV has different methods of spreading from cell to cell, unlike the flu. HIV gets directly transmitted from cell to cell, unlike the flu, by making use of the inmune system: immunological synapses. To interact, immune cells use finger like projects known as pseudopodia, and they touch each other with them. HIV uses this close connection to jump directly from one cell to another, so HIV does not get exposed to the extracellular space just like the flu, making them less detectable by the immune system.

Now, these were two examples, and my intial question is, "How does smallpox spread from cell to cell"? Does it get directly released into the extracellular space similar to the flu, does it have a similar method to HIV, or does it have another method of spreading from cell to cell? Thank you.
  5. @MariamawitMollaMaria [1 likes]: Thank-You!!!
  6. @creamsodans: thamks
  7. @adityakr4382: Please make a video on gram positive and gram negative cocci and beclii
  8. @Getasewnake-r1l: I like this teaching
  9. @HighPlainsDrifter3000: Are you sure?  Is there any solid evidence for any of this, really.
  10. @DavidMugonyi: 🎉 best
  11. @adriannemartinez9791: Best video ever 🎉
  12. @zainhaider8825: Simply extraordinary
  13. @catherineomune-l8z: Thanks
  14. @Queen_Successs: Very detailed 😊❤
  15. @HmgRy284: really great
  16. @MahadUmarMbogo: Amazinggg
  17. @s.c.o.r.p.i.o.n.i.c: God I love Osmosis 😍 as a visual learner this is life saving 🫶🏻
  18. @NadiLin-b5x: Can viruses have envelope without invading into a host?
  19. @EusebioDeal-p4v: Lindgren Inlet
  20. @ColleenSmith-v6b: Nicolas Lane

- Understanding the K Factor: How to Measure and Enhance Viral Growth: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys welcome to the usual media channel and uh today we are going to understand uh what is K factor in marketing so let's begin um welcome to this presentation today we will explore the concept of uh K Factor uh the importance of it how it is very crucial in terms of viral marketing by viral marketing I don't mean to say that the content uh or the video getting viral but uh in this case the viral marketing means the product or the service that you are providing to your customer is it uh is it passing to the larger audience without uh any effort you know made by you so let's uh dive into this what is K Factor K factor is a metric which measures the growth of a product app or even your campaign it is actually used to understand uh how effectively your users are spreading your product or services to other people now let's understand how we calculate K Factor and uh there is a Formula through which you can understand K factor in a much better way K factor is calculated using one very simple Formula K uh you can uh you can see in the screen k equal to I * C where I is the number of invites sent by each user C is the conversion rate of each invite uh do not worry we will understand this in more details right now so why K Factor matters see K factor helps the business in its marketing efforts it reduces the need for paid marketing uh by paid marketing what I mean is usually you know what happens is that any product or service when you start marketing it you spend a lot of money into it so in order to curb that money or you you can say that curb that uh the ad spend the concept of K factor is very crucial right so let's see with an example let's say you have an app uh let's say it's a let's call it a dating app yeah if each user sends out five invitees or 10 invitees and 20% of those users convert into new users which is so the invite is is denoted by I and uh the conver the conversions are denoted by C which you can see in the screen which we have already discussed about K = to I into I multiplied c i equals to the number of invitees C equals to the conversion rate of each invite so when we do this maths let's say you have you are using a dating app and you send out invitees to your friend to get the benefit from that app you sent like uh to five of your friends invited five of five of your friends as an invite and out of those 20% which means one of them converted that means on an average each user brings in one user right the same example you might have observed with with Google pay phone pay they give you certain uh they give you certain cash back when you invite your friend so in that case what happens is that you tend to invite more number of people uh just because you are getting a good certain amount of cash back with that right so what are the strategies to improve K Factor you can once that is implemented uh you can use it to enhance user experience make the product more sharable and engaging at the same time you can incentivize sharing uh just now I you know gave an example of Google pay and phone pay you can optimize onboarding uh by optimize onboarding you must have seen a lot of uh educational app where you invite your friend and you get to use that app for 30 days you can also you have to make sure to simplify the invitation process if you make that process very lengthy and cumbersome people will hesitate to share it with their friends and it makes very difficult for the other user the end the apart from uh you know the invite is get confused okay what to do next so you cannot create that confusion as well because the in the incentify or the invitation process only completes when the invitees or the or invitees and and the converters both install the app and start using it right let's see a case case study of Dropbox you know how Dropbox uh made made made this uh referral program where they gave you an additional storage option whenever you send an invite to your friend and that friend installed Dropbox they achieved a significant viral growth with high K Factor now uh till now I hope you have understood that uh viral Factor does not mean that a Content going viral but uh it is more of from a business p uh from a business perspective but uh you can definitely use this concept in any form of content for example if you are if you are creating a video or if you are creating a real you can create that real or video in such a way that people engage by engagement I don't mean likes I also mean engagement in terms of commenting sharing savable right you can uh you know uh remember these three things make make something which people come and comment on that either comment on that either they save that post or they share that post once they do that it automatically shows the algorithm okay this this post is you know uh getting interest of people so it automatically gains organic reach so this was all about K factor I hope you like this video If you likeed uh I would really appreciate a thumbs up and if you have any questions please do comment and uh I'll make sure that uh if possible I'll answer that comment uh and if not if it is something very complex I'll try and make a video on that so yeah thank you so much bye

- Virology 2012 Lecture #19: Transformation and oncogenesis: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good afternoon uh we have exams for you come up afterwards and get them is there anything else that I was supposed to say anything else no am I tearing yes am I crying no can't you all right today we're going to talk about transformation in anco Genesis this is one of my favorite lectures I like them all of course but this is one of my favorite because in the end it all makes sense as you will see I hope you see any we're going to talk about viral transformation in anagenesis there are many other ways that you can transform and cause tumors today is about viruses so what is transformation transformation today refers to altered properties of cells and culture so they don't have to stick to a plastic surface anymore they lose their Anchorage dependence they lose contact inhibition normally when you grow cells in a culture dish when they touch each other they stop growing transformation they don't stop they keep piling up on on top of each other they can form colonies in agar so if you suspend them in AAR semi-solid media they can form colonies most cells cannot do that and they have decreased requirements for growth factors you need less serum to grow than a non transform form so all this will become perfectly clear to you by the end of this lecture if not see me okay all right so that's transformation enco Genesis we're not going to actually talk very much about enco Genesis today because this is a whole course in itself which I believe is offered here this is development of cancer which is a a malignant tumor uh that is growth that isn't contained it it outgrows itself moves into other tissues disrupts structures and so forth cancer is a genetic disease and it comprises multiple mutations that affect cell growth the regulation of cell growth communication between cells and so forth these mutations that cause cancer can be inherited they can be caused by DNA damage caused by sunlight uh carcinogens in the environment or viruses and the viral causes will talk about today but again we're going to mainly focus on transformation which is the first step towards cancer so these two processes are really distinct this is an important point which uh you should really understand transformation is something we talk about concerning cells in culture whereas oncogenesis is the development of a tumor and that of course just happens in an animal if you have a transformed cell in culture it may or may not be oogenic if you inject it into an animal it may or may not form a tumor depending on how many mutations it has you need so many mutations to transform a cell we'll talk about those today and then additional mutations to be oncogenic but when we study transformation of cells by viruses it gives us really great Insight on what it's needed to go along the path of anagenesis okay so that's the that's the bottom line for today's talk viruses can initiate this process they can transform cells as you will see today but they don't cause cancer themselves they put the cells on the road to cancer but the additional mutations that have to be sustained are generated in the cell and have nothing to do with the virus so no virus can do it all so these are some oncogenic viruses these are both RNA and DNA viruses that have been associated with Cancers both in people and in other types of animals we will touch on a few of these today we'll talk about retroviral Cancers and we will talk about cancers caused by adov viruses uh the papiloma and the polyoma viruses because these are historically where we got the information to understand how this works we're not going to talk about hepatitis C virus and hepatitis B viruses which are big causes of of human cancer we won't talk about Herpes viruses induced cancers it's just too much for for one lecture now in terms of human virus induced cancers about 20% of human cancers have a viral factor and this these are the seven viruses 1 2 3 4 5 six seven that have been associated with human cancers Epstein bar virus Hepatitis B and C viruses htlv1 uh the virus we talked about a bit last time human papiloma viruses herpes virus 8 capaces saroma virus right associated with AIDS to cause those sarcomas and Merkel cell polyoma virus causing a rare skin tumor just recently this Association just recently discovered all right 20% of human cancers have are associated with virus uh infection they are major cause of liver and cervical cancer the he B and Hep C of course and the papiloma viruses as well but remember malignant isn't needed for any virus to replicate what happens to lead to a virus induced cancer is an accident it's the way the host responds to uh the infection that causes the cancer so if there were no virus induced cancers the viruses were replicate and spread just as well as they do today it's an accident and we will you will see by the end why is it is an accident uh but it's not the intent of viruses to cause cancer it does doesn't give them any advantage now this begins in 1909 with the discovery by pton Rouse he was working down at the Rockefeller and he was studying a tumor of chickens and this is a saroma you can see it on this hand right here uh a solid tumor of connective tissue and he found that if he ground up these tumors and made a cellfree filtrate 2 Micron filters and injected that in to new chickens they would develop tumors so 1909 just after viruses had been discovered so he said wow a virus can cause uh tumors virus cancer can be caused by a viral infection so our whole story begins there there's Dr Rouse took people 50 years to accept the idea that a virus could cause cancer and this as I said before the longest incubation period to a Nobel Prize in 196 six he was finally awarded a Nobel Prize for this work that he'd done uh in 1909 so the virus he identified is called Rouse saroma virus after him so he got a Nobel Prize for this discovery and you will see two other Nobel prizes were awarded for work on this virus as well if you're trying to remember which ones right don't don't say it don't say it okay all right now there is a great book about the history of cancer by uh sidartha Mukerji who happens to be an oncologist working at the medical center at Columbia he got the Pulitzer Prize for this book it's it's a beautifully written history of cancer so if you ever want to learn that this is the book to read and I want to read you a few passages because they illustrate these early days of Rouse that I want to tell you about so by the 1950s cancer researchers were split into three camps the virologists led by Rouse claim that viruses caused cancer but of course human cancer virus had yet been discovered by that time epidemiologists said that chemicals cause cancer there was plenty of evidence for that and then other people thought that genes in our own cells mutated and caused cancer but nobody had good evidence to support uh these separate theories so here is Howard ton here on the upper left and ronado ducco so in 1951 tamon went to dilo's lab and he was originally going to study uh fruit FL sorry he went to Caltech he was going to study fruit flies but he got tired of that and found Doo's lab and doco was working on Rous saroma virus duckco just died a few weeks ago he was 97 years old still working so he started studying Rouse and up until this point 1951 people were still studying this virus in chickens they were injecting it into chickens seeing the tumors and trying to figure out what was going on and ton said this is ridiculous uh we have to do this in self C culture so a strength in Doo's lab was doing cell culture in fact doco developed the plaque assay he was really good at growing cells and this was early days in cell culture not many people were good at doing these sorts of things so what ton did and this is all written by uh mukui by the way he took Rous saroma viruses and he added it to a monolayer of chicken cells in a culture dish so they' figured out how to grow these cells and what happened is they the cells started to grow uncontrollably and they formed tiny heaps containing hundreds of cells that ton called fosi and he said this is cancer in its essential Elemental form cells growing uncontrollably all right now we know now this is not cancer these are transformed cells but back then we didn't quite understand the difference but what he did was amazing because he made a cell culture assay for this virus and here are some pictures of Aven cells transforming by Rouse you can see they make different kinds of transform fosa here they're called fusiform they're long spindly cells and here are the normal cells uninfected cells in the monolayer so here's a transformed Focus so you can imagine that you could use this to quantify virus you could instead of measuring plaque forming units you could measure Focus forming units here are some other kinds of fosi these around refractile cells as opposed to the spindly ones so ton found an assay and he showed these viruses could trans form cells and this transformation was permanent the cells never got normal again grew they grew like crazy they had all those properties that we talked about in the first slide and ton said you know this virus has to have modified these cells now 1951 all we know is that it's an RNA virus we don't know anything about the Baltimore scheme right and he said this virus has to be making itself a permanent part of the cell and from that logic he went on to discover reverse trans script case in Rouse saroma virus here and he and along with David Baltimore discovered it in another virus they got second Nobel Prize using Rouse's virus all right so that's a really nice cell culture assay all right now at the same time people started to study DNA viruses that transformed cells and here are two examples in 1962 uh polyoma virus was found to transform cells this is a little double strand DNA virus remember we talked about sv40 polyoma virus so polyoma is a mouse virus that was found to transform hamster cells in 1964 uh Mouse cells were found to be transformed by sv40 which is a monkey virus all right so remember that it's the wrong species every time and the transformation event is rare so most of the cells don't get transformed the uh most of the cells e either die or unaffected you get some rare cells that have markedly different Growth Properties they're transformed and that's where the name came from transformation they were transformed into something different yes what do you mean by the wrong species so polyoma is a mouse virus it causes tumors in hamsters but not in mice sv40 is a monkey virus uh it does not cause tumors in monkeys causes tumors in in Mouse cells so you will see with all the other viruses we talk about they don't cause tumors in their host of origin let's say and you'll see why that is so the question now is how does a virus do this and I told you how ton was working along this way by identifying reverse transcriptase and that was great but it still didn't answer the question here's a more General view of what has to happen to transform a cell first you have to lower cytopathic effects the virus can't kill the cell otherwise they're gone and there's nothing to transform so you cannot kill the infected cell that's one requirement two you have to reduce viral replication and in most cases the transformed cells cells transformed by polyoma or sp40 do not produce infectious virus and finally the cells have to divide and part of the property of transformation is to become immortal so you can imagine the virus has to be suppressed in some way otherwise the cells wouldn't be able to to live forever yes why could you have tumor that was also producing viruses well you could for some kinds of viruses so the RNA tumor viruses can in some cases but it's very rare the answer is well it will become obvious by the end of this lecture you'll see if you don't know it ask me at the end okay so think about these first two conditions reduce cytopathic effect reduce viral replication those are hor Hallmarks of persistent infections Dr Silverstein told you this a few lectures ago but these are not persistent infections because of these reasons um the whole genome is never present or rarely present it's usually pieces of it sometimes there's no viral genome in the transformed cells at all and these observations made early on people didn't understand this so the the only thing we can say so far is that these are not persistent or latent infections because in those the The genome is present in some form uh these infections there's either no genome or just pieces of it and that didn't make any sense to anyone so what's going on here so now I want to tell you how we answer this question using studies on both RNA and DNA tumor viruses so the RNA viruses exemplified by Rouse and the DNA tumor viruses these small uh DNA viruses and and other one that we'll introduce in a moment so Rouse's studies began in the 1900s uh DNA viruses in the 1920s and these all came together in the 60s and 70s along with people who were working on cancer biology not particularly interested in viruses but these three lines of studies all converged amazingly and this leads us to our present uh theory of cell growth control which is really the underpinnings of understanding transformation in anco Genesis right so let's go through this and see how this happened the first question how does Rouse cause tumors and how does it transform cells in vitro 60 years it took from the beginning of Rouse's identification of the virus to understanding that so this Story begins actually a year before Rouse in 1908 two investigators ellerman and bang had showed that a leukemia in chickens was caused by a filterable agent but no one really paid attention to this because leukemia was not considered to be a Cancer all right Rouse's tumors his solid sarcomas were cancers in everyone's views so Ah that's a virus causing cancer but this leukemia nobody really understood that as a cancer it turns out that these leukemias and chickens are caused by Aven lucos virus alv and these viruses are at all chicken flocks throughout the world you eat a chicken you go to the market that chicken may or may not have Aven lucos it's not going to affect you but it was infected most chickens in the world are infected within a few months of hatching uh and if they do develop lemia get they get it within about 14 weeks or so it occurs very sporadically about 3% of the flock will get leukemia the rest of the birds have a vmia they make an immune response and then they're fine so the chickens you buy uh don't have virus in them anymore because they've they've cleared it and the ones with leukemia have died so they never go to market this is a very slow infection it's a very slow disease it's not an acute infection at all all right so that is 1908 uh that's our understanding of uh this chicken virus now as these birds get older these birds who survived the the initial infection with Aven lucos virus they start to develop spontaneously various kinds of tumors including sarcomas the tumor that Rouse studied and if you take the virus from those sarcomas remember Rous did that you filter it it will cause sarcomas it doesn't cause leukemia it's a different virus from the one that the chicken started its life from right now Rouse isolated the virus that causes a sarcoma Rouse saroma virus and this grew very well but subsequently he and many others tried to isolate additional saroma causing viruses but it turned out that most of them were defective they could they can't grow on their own they're missing parts of their genome all right so in fact if you wanted to grow these other viruses these non Rouse viruses you could only grow them if you mix them with the original Aven lucos virus which provided the missing functions we call that a helper virus all right so what does this mean what's what is the relationship of Rouse to these Aven mucosus viruses so Rouse remember replicates well and it transforms and all the other isolates that everyone else isolated that causes chicken tumors didn't replicate very well so it turns out that Rouse was really lucky as you will see how does Rouse cause tumors but not alv alv remember causes Leukemia in 3% of chicken so the key finding here made many years after Rouse is that uh this his virus and all the others that cause cancer and chickens not not lucos virus but the ones that cause solid tissue tumors these are recombinants they are viral recombinants they have these viruses have replaced a part of the Aven lucos virus genome with a piece of cellular DNA and this is not just any random DNA but it's a very specific Gene and these were eventually called Ana genes now in 1976 Michael bishop and Harold varis identified the anene in Rouse's virus that was picked up by Rouse's virus that allows it to cause sarcomas and it called it vsar in honor of the saroma and for that they got a Nobel Prize in 1989 so that's the third Rouse related uh Nobel Prize so these viruses pick up not random but specific cellular genes that give them their properties and in this case the property of causing a saroma so an important Insight is that um the chickens come down with a variety of tumors remember in all chicken flocks you have alv circulating as they age they develop different kinds of solid tumors after the leukemia is gone and if you take a virus from each of these tumors you have a 100 different chickens with different tumors you take viruses out of them they're all derived from alv but they have a different cellular Gene incorporated into them now Ross was lucky because his virus was not defective it picked up a cellular Gene but it didn't lose any viral sequence so it was still replication competent okay but all the other isolates after Rouse were all defective how lucky could he be right so every subsequent isolate has a different piece of host DNA and none of them had the s dark Gene and each of those genes encode an anag Gene an anag Gene we will Define that in a moment but it's the gene in the virus that allows it to cause tumors each isolet had a different enogen and this revealed many new cellular genes that could transform cells is a veritable gold mine for molecular oncology so here are just some of these viruses so on the left these are proviral sequences remember this is this the DNA that's inserted into the cell these are retroviruses here is Aven lucos virus the precursor of Rouse's virus you know it's got the two ltrs a gag of pollen an envelope Gene you infect cells with this virus it replicates it makes particles they're infectious Rouse's virus picked up a cellular Gene shown here in red called sarc but he it didn't lose any viral sequences so Rouse's virus was replication component and as I say every other virus isolated from a bird tumor in subsequent years all kinds of tumors uh here different sarcomas myeloblastosis erythroblastosis these all picked up different enogen fips MIB ETS Mick yes June and at the same time the virus lost sequence so that it was no longer able to replicate so these are defective viruses and they need a helper virus the helper being Als in order to grow them so again if if Rouse had gotten one of these he never would have figured out what was going on not for a long time time so these are Aven transducing retroviruses we call them that because they pick up a cellular Gene and they bring it into other cells and transform them on the right the same thing happens with retroviruses from mice here is a mouse retrovirus called mine leukemia virus the same structure as Rouse Aven leucosis virus gag poam with the two ltrs and you can isolate from Mouse tumors that arise in mice uh these trans producing retroviruses which have picked up various Mouse genes and these again are Ana genes that disrupt for the most part these viruses make them replication defective okay so that's why Rouse was lucky and this is why his um his and all the other viruses are able to transform cells so you may be um so let me just explain a little bit what I mean by defective versus non defective before we move on so a defective virus is missing sequence so if you take its genome and put it in a Cell it can't replicate it can't make particles it needs a helper virus that you would co-infect with it in order to provide the missing sequences and so Rouse is not defective but all those other uh bird transforming viruses are and you need to use Aven lucos as a helper to get them to grow yes does that mean that Rouse is one of those tumors that can produce viruses it it could yes so a roused tumor could in theory produce virus but the other ones could not because they're defective so that's part of of the answer to your question right so typically the envelope proteins are deleted so if you don't have a glycoprotein in the particle you can't replicate that's why they are defective and again you lose these viral genes during the process of capturing an enogen from the cell okay everyone has that all right so how do you get this anene from the cell I don't want to go into it too much detail because we don't really know the mechanism but this is a hypothetical way you know that retrovirus integrate into the host cell genome a DNA copy of their genome that integration is more or less randomly so um at some point the virus is going to inter integrate next to an enog Gene that is a a cell Gene that's important for regulating cell growth we'll talk about that in a moment so here we have a um a proviral DNA integrated next to an enogen now most of the time uh the viral mRNA produced from this provirus initi Ates and terminates within the ltrs but sometimes the termination isn't precise and you get longer transcripts that will then include some of the enene or all of the enene sequence all right so this is a barrent transcription termination uh the idea is then you can package this into a virus particle so now you would have an mRNA where uh you're missing some viral sequence and it's replaced with the enene sequence and remember the viral particles incorporate two RNA so if one of these rnas is the wild type complete RNA uh during reverse transcription uh you can construct a complete genome uh including both viral sequence and enogen sequence so now that's what we have here we have a provirus with uh a cellular enogen that's been incorporated into it so that's the idea of how these viruses pick up these enogen they integrate next to them and then they become transcribed these are typically not precise copies they're either mutated or they're over expressed so when they pick when the viruses pick up these enogen from the cell U they can be altered in the process of reverse transcription and replication which is mutogenic and that alteration can cause these enogen to have growth promoting properties but not every enogen is mutated sometimes they are the same Gene as in is in the cell but they are now overexpressed in the retroviral genome whereas in the cell their expression was tightly regulated in the retroviral genome they are overexpressed all right so they are not that's what I mean by they are not precise copies of host genes they either mutated or overexpressed so the cellular versions of these genes we call Proto Anka genes uh and as you'll see in a moment these genes control the cell cycle they regulate when cells are going to divide so you can start start to imagine how they can transform cells uh if and again if you express them at the wrong time or if they are mutated so that are active all the time uh the cell then will grow all the time when these enogen are present in them so protooncogene is the name of the gene in the cell before the virus picks it up uh they're in all cells and they're important for regulating cell growth and we'll see how in just a moment so they're very highly regulated because if they get disregulated in cells the cells will be transformed we we know over 60 so far all pretty much discovered uh by virtue of being picked up in retroviruses transforming retroviruses so the cellular genes again they called anene Proto ancoines the abbreviations are are little C in front of the name with with the name of the protein so C Mix c moss C Ras would be the cellular Gene that was picked up in uh s sorry sarc would be the cellular Gene that would be picked up in um Rouse saroma virus now when a virus picks up these cellular genes we now put a little V in front of it vonk vmic VM V Ras vsar so that's the terminology so what do these do what do these enogen do there are five major classes that have been discovered by studying transforming retroviruses so first we have genes that encode for growth factors proteins that bind to receptors on the cell surface and stimulate cell proliferation we have growth factor receptors some retroviruses pick up these These are important again for making cells go through the cell cycle we have signal transduction proteins these are the proteins that transfer the signal from the growth factor receptor on the cell surface to the nucleus we have nuclear transcription factors that are part of this pathway and finally tumor suppressor genes these are negative Regulators of cell growth these are not picked up by retroviruses we will talk about these later on uh in terms of DNA vir DNA tumor viruses all right so these are the five classes of of protooncogenes and these four are typically picked up in retroviruses and when expressed overexpressed or when mutated cause transformation they cause cells to divide uncontrollably so here's a picture of such a growth pathway in how uh these an enogen work so the the gene is called an enog Gene the encoded protein is an oncoprotein so we have the four classes of uh protooncogenes we have growth factors so the genes encoding the actual growth factor can be picked up by a retrovirus of course when a growth factor binds a receptor it signal it starts a signaling pathway through a variety of kinases which ends up activating transcription factors in the nucleus you then make proteins that you need to push the cell cycle forward to let the cell divide so this is the mitogenic stimulation pathway for the cell cycle so at each of these steps growth factors receptors protein kinases uh cytoplasmic kinases nuclear enogen all of these are Proto ancoin these can be picked up by retroviruses and if abnormally expressed or mutated will cause cellular transformation so remember the original phenotype inell transformation uncontrolled growth change of cell shape and loss of adhesion when you overexpress any of these components in this pathway that's the phenotype you get so now we understand how these viruses transform cells they pick up members of this mitogenic pathway so normally these genes are under strict control you can't have cells dividing all the time in fact most of our cells are quiescent and only divide in specific conditions these are activated when they're picked up uh by retroviruses uh now the retroviruses there two ways that we activate these these genes these onco by mutations so you can take a a say a protein kinas that's part of the signal transduction pathway it sustains a mutation so that it's always activated so that will always lead to transcription and the cell will divide uncontrollably so that is what I mean by mutations in the normal Gene so this mutation is now present in the gene that's in the retrovirus or you can have loss of controlled expression so in the host all of these components of that mitogenic pathway are tightly controlled but in the retrovirus they're expressed all the time so the retrovirus infects the cell and it starts expressing a growth factor or a growth factor receptor or nuclear transcription factor and this just makes the cells divide incessantly there's no longer any growth control and that's an essential part of transformation so these are dominant kinds of mutations right there's the the the there is one kind of enogen where the mutations are receptor and that is in the tumor suppressor genes these are negative Regulators of the cell cycle so so far the enogen we've talked about these growth factor components these are positive Regulators when they're present they drive cells to replicate the uh tumor suppressor genes are negative Regulators they stop cell division and when they're absent you get transformation and we'll see how they work uh in a in a moment so we've been talking about the cell cycle for a bit so let's look at the diagram of the cell cycle which I'm sure all of you have seen uh as a cell divides uh it it goes through a mitosis phase of course which is a major checkpoint uh a pause and then the synthesis phase and finally another pause before undergoing mitosis and the the protooncogenes we have talked about so far all act here at this point there's a there are two important checkpoints in the cell cycle there's a go or Noto checkpoint right here before mitosis and if there are growth factors present the cell will proceed through mitosis because of the siging pathways that I've just told you about and in fact all of our understanding or a great deal of our understanding of how growth factors lead to cells going through mitosis has come by studying these transforming retroviruses because they have picked up all the components of that pathway right so those are the dominant onogen there's another important checkpoint here before the cells start making DNA the S phase there is a checkpoint because if all is not right the cells will not move ahead to that point because the tumor suppressor genes will stop the cell cycle at that point we'll talk about how that works in a moment these in fact were disc CED by studying DNA tumor viruses so this is such a beautiful coming together of information you have our understanding of how this cell cycle is controlled by studies on RNA tumor viruses and DNA tumor viruses okay so retroviruses talked about so far transform cells in three ways so they can make rapid tumors like Ral saroma virus it takes about 2 weeks after injection and that's because these viruses carry an activated anae like the sarc gene the virus makes the protein it starts driving the cells through the cell cycle that acts at the very top drives the cells through mitosis the cells just keep dividing they keep dividing they're transform that's part of the transformed phenotype there are intermediate U speed of tumor formation like Avan lucos viruses uh these don't have a dominant vun in them there's no um cellular enogen what these viruses do they integrate next to an enogen and then transcription from the LTR of the provirus causes unregulated production of the enco protein okay so the virus doesn't carry an anene it takes a bit longer for the tumors to form because the virus has to integrate and then you have to produce the enene MRNA and then there are very very slow kinetics of tumor formation like htlv1 take htlvs take years to make tumor uh these have no anagen in them and they don't integrate next to anagen either what they do is they make regulatory proteins transcriptional activators that they need for the production of their own mrnas and these activate cellular genes and among them are ancoines and eventually that leads to transformation all right so that you can see there are three ways that you can transform cells you can carry an enene you can integrate next to it or you can transactivate an enene with transcription factors so that leads to the different kinds of transforming retroviruses that exist it's this is sort of a repetition of what I've just told you now we're looking at in terms of the kind of retrovirus they're transducing retroviruses again they pick up a cellular enogen there are CIS acting retroviruses that integrate next to an enco gen and activate its transcription in an uncontrolled fashion and then there are transacting retroviruses like htlv1 they don't integrate Nexon oncogene they don't carry one they make uh transacting transcription factors that activate cellular growth genes so for example il2 is activated in htlv1 infected cells and that Pro that pushes the cells to divide uncontrollably so the common theme Here the transformation phenotype is caused by unregulated cell division and it's that in turn is caused by producing the components of that mitogenic pathway this the growth factors The receptors Etc by producing them uh in an unregulated Manner and that's what the retroviruses do so here's a cartoon that will emphasize all of this once more but helps to clarify it the three different kinds of transforming retrovirus we have the transducing retroviruses they carry the enogen in them in their genome like Rouse saroma virus the Cy activating uh retroviruses which do not integrate a enco gen into their genome but rather they integrate next to a cellular Ena Gene and the transcription from the right hand LTR then makes uncontrolled mRNA encoding this enco Gene and finally we have the long-term tumor inducers like htlv1 the transactivators so here in this genome they make a protein called X which is a transactivator it's a transcriptional transactivator which is needed for its own gene expression but this transactivator will also cause the unregulated production of certain cellular mrnas among them uh encoding Gene products that push the cells to divide incessantly and that's what leads to transformation so this is the first step to forming a tumor you transform cells they replicate uncontrollably when cells divide uncontrollably without regulation they begin to accumulate mutations and if you have enough mutations in the right genes then you can cause cancer then those transformed cells will cause a cancer so the transforming retroviruses as you can see uh they they cause transformation as a byproduct of their life cycle most of them are defective there's not even any virus replication involved so this has nothing to do with retroviral growth whatsoever it is completely an accident because retroviruses are insertional mutagens so this is a byproduct of that lifestyle that these viruses integrate into the host cell the consequence is that is that sometimes you're going to cause problems you're going to pull out uh the wrong cellular gene or you're going to integrate next to it there's no requirement for transformation or oncogenesis in these in the life cycle of these viruses as I said before if this never happened these viruses would be fine it's an accident okay so that is the information we learned from studying Rouse so now we have this amazing understanding of how these cellular Pathways regulate cell division that whole mitogenic pathway was sorted out because of these genes that were identified at every step of the pathway amazing way that these viruses have taught us about cell growth let's go over here now on the right and see how studying DNA tumor viruses adds to this story and it's it is all about transformation again but it's a totally different story so here uh the first oncogenic DNA virus was papiloma viruses that cause warts in rabbits this is by Richard shop and 1933 so I don't know if you've ever seen a rabbit with these types of warts but they this virus infects them in nature they grow these long proliferations on their on their lips and also other parts of their head and um if you ever heard of the term a Jackalope no Jackalope so a Jackalope is a mythical creature a jack rabbit with the antlers of an antelope it's mythical because what it is is people see these an animals with papilomas and they think it's uh something unusual but all they are are rabbits with this uh virus so 1933 uh in 1953 Ludwick gross discovered polyoma viruses these are viruses of mice small double stranded DNA containing viruses we've talked about related viruses here in this course in terms of DNA replication and transcription uh these uh viruses will cause tumors under certain conditions but not in mice which is the natural host in fact if you go out and trap wild mice you will find plenty of polyoma viruses and these mice don't have tumors ever not at least caused by uh these viruses but they will make tumors in other animals like hamsters rats and rabbits not in mice though which is the normal host another virus discovered uh which is important to this story sv40 we've talked about this virus in this course uh this was disced discovered actually because it was a contaminant of the polio vaccine so the polio vaccine uh is still it was and is still grown in Monkey kidney cells yes so when a virus causes a tumor in a different species right is that infectious in that species or is that if like ah this is a great question we're going to get to this can you wait yeah absolutely this is exactly what we're going to it's important actually that it's the wrong species so the polio vaccines are grown in Monkey kidneys you actually get a monkey and you take out the kidneys you chop them up and you put it in cell culture and you grow virus polio in it well in 1962 Hillman and Eddie found a contaminant which they called sv40 Simeon virus number 40 and it was in the polio vaccine um and many million Americans got this virus before we knew to stop uh to to look for it in uh in the monkey kidney cells the natural CL of this virus is monkey it doesn't cause tumors in monkeys either in the wild or in the lab it doesn't seem to cause tumors in people either these people were followed for many years who who were injected with this virus and they seem to be fine um but it it will transform other other cell types so even though it's called a DNA tumor virus in its natural host it doesn't cause tumors so sv40 and mouse polyoma virus these are the two viruses we're going to follow a little little bit here um and this is just a chart which shows you what these do in different species so the species of origin of sv40 is the monkey these animals and cells derived from them are permissive the virus will grow these are actually all susceptible to these viruses they have receptors in addition the monkey is permissive and the mouse is permissive for Mouse polyoma virus so these viruses replicate in these cells and they kill them and so there's no opportunity for transformation they just kill the cells some of these combinations are non-permissive so s sp40 and mouse cells non-permissive doesn't even replicate Mouse polyoma virus and monkeys non-permissive but look there are four situations where the interaction is semi-permissive so sv40 in hamster or rat cells or Mouse polyoma virus in hamster or rat cells it's semi-permissive that means only early proteins are expressed there are no verons no infectious virus particles produce right so what what you see is that tumors are only occurring in semi-permissive species all right not the permissive not the non-permissive only in the semi- permiss permissive species in addition you need a lot of virus to do this if you take a plate of hamster cells and you infect with sv40 you need to put a lot of virus on those cells to see a f Focus or a few fosi of transformed cells so it's not very efficient all right so remember different species inefficient transformation so it's a rare event which I've already told you you you infect a dish with a lot of virus you only get one transformed cell it's not a normal part of the replication cycle because remember these are non-permissive cells which never complete the replication cycle so why is it rare and does this have anything to do with making tumors in an animal all right so I'm talking about two things I'm talking about transformation in cells by these viruses and causing tumors in animals so we know that in conditions uh that is combinations of virus and host cell that are semi-permissive that's where we see cell transformation and in those species we get tumors as well so what's the relationship all right before we talk about that I want to tell you about one more one or two more transforming DNA viruses one is adenovirus we've talked about these in this course these are these rather large DNA viruses with the spikes coming out of the five-fold axes there are many human serotypes none of them cause tumors in people they cause tumors in hamsters some of the serotypes cause tumors in hamsters but not all of them again these viruses will transform cultured cells from these species and they cause tumors in those animals but they're both pretty rare and it's the same for polyoma viruses and papiloma virus so you need a lot of virus to make just one focus of transformed cells so transformation is rare tumor formation only occurs in the wrong species all right so now we would like to know how do these viruses do this how do they transform and how do they cause tumors so we've already talked about how retroviruses transform cells they pick up components of the mitogenic uh stimulatory pathway so how do the DNA tumor viruses do it is it the same or is it different and the key here are the te antigens the tumor antigens we've talked about these in terms of DNA synthesis of transcription these are these are T antigens in general or tumor antigens are proteins that are newly synthesized in a tumor in a host and if that tumor is made by a virus these are typically viral proteins so people began to find that tumors caused by these DNA viruses in animals had a protein in them and that turned out to be the T antigen which was a viral prot protein the interesting thing about this is that these rare transformed cells no matter where you made them in they always had the same T antigen in them the same viral T antigen and on top of that most of the viral DNA whether it b sv40 or papiloma virus or adov virus is missing from the transformed cell so remember you take a plate of of um let's see you take a plate of hamster cells you infect with a lot of sv4 40 you get a few rare fosi those are all missing most of the genome but they're all making a t antigen which is the same protein okay so this is very different by retrovirus from retrovirus transformation seems to be that this T antigen is very important now in fact I've told you that most of the viral DNA is missing from these transformed cells again when you use DNA tumor viruses but there is some something always in common there's always a piece of viral DNA left and that is the DNA that encodes the T antigen so it seems like having tea antigen is important for transformation so viral tea antigens are made and transformed cells and you remember we have discussed these before large and small t for sv40 polyoma large middle and small T and these are different proteins with no homology so again these are the T antigens that you find in transformed cells uh for the papiloma viruses the T there are three T antigens they're called E5 E6 and E7 they're encoded by those genes adenoviruses also have t antigens they're called e1a and e1b for the rest of the today I'm going to just call them all T antigens okay but remember that they are very different here these these papiloma and Ado proteins have no homology among them the only thing in common is that they're all present in cells transformed by these viruses so so what do they do these T antigens seem to be important for transformation what are they doing so you remember that uh these T antigens are essential genes they're needed for transcription of the viral DNA they're needed for viral DNA synthesis and as I said they're the only DNA sequences that are retained in transformed cells finally someone showed that if you took the the gene for these T antigens and put it in a PL and put it into cells that was enough to transform the cell so you didn't even need the virus you didn't need virus any aspect of virus infection so for DNA tumor viruses transformation is achieved simply by expressing the T antigen whatever one for the the T of polyoma the e1a or e1b of adenovirus the E5 e E6 proteins of papilomas that's enough to transform cultured cells so now remember the T antigen are needed for viral replication and they are needed to trans or they are alone can transform cells we've just discussed that now why does why does sv40 and these other viruses require T just to refresh you from a long time ago sv40 doesn't encode a DNA polymerase it depends on that of the host cell and the T antigen helps recruit the polymerase to the origin of replication furthermore sv4 infection kicks the cells into S phase it wants the cells to be making DNA right that's what happens in SASE because it wants the active DNA polymerase to replicate its own genome so S4 doesn't want a cell to be quent it wants it replicating and so that's perfect it can be it can take this DNA replication machinery and it interacts with t antigen will replicate the viral DNA so that's that's why T antigen important we've known that already and that's why it's also important to kick the cells into uh the S phase of the cycle now let's try and bring all of this together there were three discoveries made that really unify everything we've been talking about in terms of DNA tumor viruses first it was found that a cellular protein of about 53 kiloton was bound to sv40 T antigen this is called p-53 second it was found that transcription of the adno early genes in particular the E2 cluster needed a cellular transcription Factor called e2f This is actually a family of proteins but they're transcription factors adenovirus needs these to transcribe certain of its early genes so that's fact number two fact number three e2f so the transcription factor that adenovirus needs in the cell is bound to a cellular protein called r r b this is stands for retinoblastoma all right all three of these proteins p53 RB and e2f are crucial for regulating the cell cycle so sounds familiar right the enogen of retroviruses were all involved in cell cycle regulation same thing for these DNA tumor viruses so let's see how that happens here's the cell cycle again so we have mitosis at the top here and here are the different parts of mitosis of course it's when the cells are splitting apart after that it goes through a pause and then we'll move into the S phase so there is a restriction point before the S phase which is regulated as we said before uh then you go into S phase where the DNA is duplicated and then finally after another Gap you have mitosis again so two important checkpoints here at M and here at the entry to S this is controlled by growth factor Pathways this is you will see is controlled by these retinoblastoma proteins so here here's the link between these three proteins and the cell cycle RB and p53 are negative Regulators they are tumor suppressors so they they they regulate this checkpoint from G1 into s so they stop cells from moving into the S phase if conditions aren't right uh so if there aren't enough nutrients in the medium this can be sensed and RB and p-53 will sense that and they will stop the cell cycle before s continues there's no point in making DNA if there's not enough growth factors to make two new cells you don't want to replicate your genome so these are negative Regulators of the cell cycle they're the opposite of the enogen from the RNA tumor viruses which push the cell cycle forward they're positive Regulators that's why we call these tumor suppressor genes they antagonize the cell cycle and regulate growth so uh to expand upon what I've just told you um if if there are enough growth factors in the media to replicate the cell uh you will proceed through mitosis and at the same time you will eventually proceed through the S phase and again the proteins that regulate uh the proceeding through M or the growth factor Pathways initiated by the growth the soluble growth factors and all the components of those pathways are picked up as enogen by retroviruses or activated now if conditions are not right uh even after going through mitosis the cell will stop right here so as I said you may have signals to proceed through mitosis but if you if there aren't sufficient nutrients uh you won't make DNA for the next round of division and this checkpoint is regulated by this RB protein now RB was originally discovered because it's mutated in certain kinds of retinal tumors called retinol blastoma um and it's mutated it's lost its function and it can no longer regulate the progression through S so that's why this mut a loss of this protein leads to these tumors but it turns out that this is a very important regulator in all cell types not just in retinal cells and it regulates the transition into the S phase so how does that work so if you have nutrients in the cell medium they will bind growth factor receptors so here's a growth factor shown as a little yellow ball here that binding initiates a signal transduction Cascade which ends up in in causing a series of phosphorilation events uh there are protein kinases there are transcription factors that go in the nucleus and all of those are components of all of those are protooncogenes which are picked up by retro viruses eventually what happens is you get um the activation of a protein kinase which phosphorites the RB protein and this separates it from e2f so remember e2f was discovered to bind RB e2f is needed for adenovirus transcription but in an uninfected cell it has a function uh and e2f is normally uh activated genes that are needed for progression through the S phase so when you have plenty of nutrients you have signaling which leads to phosphorilation of RB separates it from e2f e2f can then go and bind all of its gene targets and turns on genes that are needed to start SASE all right so that's the connection between growth factors in the medium and the retinol blastoma protein so again the phosphorilation of RB separates it from e2f so when when RB is bound to e2f e2f can't bind its targets the genes aren't transcribed and that keeps the cell from going into s because the e2f dependent genes are needed to proceed into the S phase okay now viruses as you know need to get cells into s they want active DNA replication in the cell they don't want anything to do with this RB protein uh regul in that okay so T antigen in fact kicks the cells into SASE and this happens when T antigens bind to RB so remember RB is bound to e2f T antigen comes along it's made by a virus T enogen binds RB it separates it from e2f now e2f can go on and activate all the genes that are needed for proceeding through the S phase all right so that's how this these these viruses kick the cells into the S phase they make t antigens which bind RB and that separates it from e2f and e2f is essential for the transcription of genes that are needed to go through the S phase so it's very clever because the virus wants the cell to be in s because it wants to use the DNA polymerase so this is a a twoo complex illustration but I want to use it just to show you one thing so here is e2f down to RB so this in this form e2f is inactive it can't act as a transcription Factor when the viruses come in and make their T antigens can be large T it can be E7 it can be e1a it doesn't matter these T antigens will bind RB release e2f the e2f which is now here this pink guy can then go and activate the transcription of genes that are needed to push the cell through S so that's how these viruses activate the cell so that they can get access to their DNA synthetic Machinery by interfering with this checkpoint this RB checkpoint that keeps cells from going into s when conditions aren't right the virus doesn't care about conditions it wants the DNA replication to go on so it doesn't care if their growth factors in the medium which is normally what RB would respond to the virus simply separates RB from e2f and then and then mitosis occurs okay so that's RB what about about p-53 there's one more thing in this story and that's p-53 so we've talked about how RB controls entry into s right through its binding to e2f p53 also controls the movement into s because it will stop cells from going to that point if it detects um damaged DNA or unscheduled DNA I e viral DNA synthesis so p p-53 is able to do this we don't have time to talk about how it can sense damaged DNA and it can sense when some other DNA other than it the cell DNA is replicating and the idea is that of course if the DNA is damaged you don't want to replicate it it will wait till it's repaired there are repair Pathways that then kick in fix the DNA and then p53 says okay you can you can go ahead so p p-53 is is a gate Keeper of the cell cyer it is actually a transcription Factor itself it can activate the transcription of genes but it's also a sensor of DNA damage and it also can recognize viral DNA as abnormal so what happens if uh if E2 is free that is it's not bound to RB so this is a a condition where there are plenty of growth factors around say uh it will cooperate with p-53 if p-53 Det detects DNA damage or unscheduled DNA synthesis and p-53 turns on the apoptotic pathways they say we're going to kill this cell because things aren't right the DNA is damaged uh and the cell dies so this is a defense against DNA virus infection so many as I've told you these DNA tumor viruses free up e2f from RB so if p-53 detects that and it detects damaged DNA or or un scheduled DNA which is the case for viral DNA that will send the cells into apoptosis so this is another reason why many of these DNA viruses en code Inhibitors of apoptosis to counter this activity okay so that is the link between uh what the virus normally has to do and the transformation by these viruses the T antigen counter RB they kick the cells into S phase in addition the T antigens have another function they block p53 function there are a variety of ways of doing this which we don't we won't go into there's some degradation ways and other ways but basically the T antigens also inactivate p53 because p53 can send the cells into apoptosis and viruses don't want that to happen all right so the viruses want to do this because again they want active DNA replication Machinery they don't do it to transform the cells most most of the time what this does is makes a very liic replication cycle the cell's dead and that's the end of it new viruses are produced but in rare events in the wrong host under certain conditions which we will talk about the cells don't die and they end up being transformed because these inhibitory activities just make the cells divide forever and ever it transforms them all right so two more Mysteries why are all the viral genes not there why is just T antigen Gene present and why is transformation so inefficient it's it's inefficient because you need two low probability events to happen first uh you have to make sure the late genes are not expressed these are typically the ones that kill the cell and make new verons so you have to stop that you either have to delete them a rare spontaneous deletion or infect semi-permissive cells where late gene expression is blocked remember in that chart of of permissivity I said some of these cells are semi-permissive they don't enter into late Gene synthesis so that avoids in those situations whatever the block is in those cells that avoids killing those cells all right so that's how you you avoid getting late genes expressed a random deletion that takes away the late genes or you infect the semi-permissive cell so a semi-permissive cell is typically a different species the virus doesn't replicate its late genes so the propensity for transformation is greater the other thing that has to happen which is very rare is that you have to get T antigen in every cell you're not going to get a focus of transformed cells unless T antigen is every is in every one of them because T antigen will make them divide incessantly and that's what transformation is so how does that happen well you can integrate uh the viral DNA encoding T antigen into the host cell so when a virus infects a cell say it's an semi-permissive cell uh there's no late gene expression there's very little if any DNA synthesis the DNA may get broken up but randomly a piece of DNA encoding T antigen could integrate and if that produces T antigen protein then those cells will keep dividing because remember the T antigen is antagonizing RB and p53 which regulate whether the cells go into the S phase so you can see it's an accident it is a total accident this trans formation of cells by these DNA tumor viruses in an accident that's derived from the way these viruses have to activate the cell cycle so we we say they are abnormal epigenetic processes they're not required for normal life cycle in fact they happen typically in non-permissive cells where there is no production of infectious virus so let's let's review uh these steps one more time for these DNA tumor viruses so the DNA tumor viruses have to interfere with the cell they have to push it into SASE this is not the case for for RNA tumor viruses they have to integrate which is why they can cause tumors sometimes the DNA tumor viruses have to kick the cells into s they have to do that because they need the Machinery to replicate their DNA uh they turn on the cell cycle by inhibiting p-53 and RB by this T antigen and of course they also block apoptosis so the reason they do that is to kickart their DNA replication but under the right conditions when the cell is not permissive or semi-permissive when the DNA is broken up and the T antigen is integrated the cells are transformed they don't make viruses they don't die they replicate forever that is what a transformed cell is it just continues to divide in culture we see them as those fosi eventually as those cells divide there's no more uh p53 check in for damaged DNA you will accumulate mutations and eventually you will have a mutation in enough genes such that if those transformed cells were present in an animal they would cause a tumor all right so in this talk we've just dealt with transformation by viruses but the next step the oncogenesis step directly is a result of these cells continuing to replicate without having p-53 around to make sure the DNA isn't damaged and so that is why the viruses can do this they can transform cells very very efficiently and eventually those transform cells cause tumor so did I answer your your question and in your question about making verons I answered as well any other okay [Applause]

- Oncogenetics - Mechanism of Cancer (tumor suppressor genes and oncogenes): Kind: captions Language: en hello in this video we're going to talk about uncle genetics a mechanism of cancer from a gene point of view in order to understand this we have to learn again about the cell cycle so a normal cell can just be at rest this is at a quiescent phase the g0 phase the cell can then enter the cell cycle the first phase of the cell cycle is known as the g1 phase the growth phase this is where the cell's organelle duplicates so here you can see the mitochondria of the cell is duplicated after the growth one phase is the S phase also known as a synthesis phase this is when the DNA duplicates after the S phase there is a g2 phase where the cell essentially grows again the growth phase and prepares itself for the M phase the M phase is also known as mitosis where a cell which is now already essentially divides into two identical daughter cells these new cells can then re-enter the cell cycle or go back to the g0 phase now the cell cycle is as it as it looks a continuous cycle however things can go wrong throughout the cell cycle and so it's important to have checkpoints to make sure that there are no problems along the way the first checkpoint is actually at the end of the g1 phase called the g1 checkpoint this is to make sure that there's no problems in the DNA and in the cell itself the second checkpoint is at the g2 checkpoint this is to make sure that the cell has no problems before it enters mitosis and then there's another checkpoint at the M phase as well the cell cycle is a continuous progression from g1 s g2 and M but what actually drives the cell through the cell cycle well when a cell enters the cell cycle you will start making proteins allowing it to go and progress through the cell cycle these proteins are your cycling's and your cdks which are the drivers of the cell cycle so for example a cell wants to enter the cell cycle the cell will start producing proteins the CD carryin cycling's in the early g1 phase cdk4 and six are produced and when cyclin D binds on to this it will cause a reaction to occur inside that cell it will cause e to F to detach from the retinoblastoma protein when e to F is released it acts like a transcription factor allowing that particular cell to progress through to the S phase however at the end of the g1 phase before the S phase there's also another CD k and cyclin CDK 2 and cyclin e once at the S phase the cell will produce another city kin cyclin CDK one and two and even cyclin Ain and then the g2 phase again cdk1 and cyclin b and these cdk and cycling's again will allow the cell to progress through the cell cycle so cdk and cycling's are the drivers of the cell cycle if you have two low amounts of cdk in cycling the cell doesn't really progress through the cell cycle but if you have too much cyclin CDK then you get these cells that continuously enter the cell cycle and thus you get this uncontrolled growth of cells and this is one of the mechanisms of cancer so what can potentially cause an increase in cdk in cycling within the cell so this is where genetic mutations come in so the mechanism of cancer genetic mutations so let's just look at this normal cell and pull out its genetic material which is DNA DNA is a double stranded helix made up of four types of nucleotides now mutations can occur within the DNA which will cause changes to that cell some types of mutations include point mutations a single change in the nucleotide another is what's called DNA amplification when a certain gene get amplified so many times it could be a badging for example then there's another one called chromosomal rearrangement where the chromosome basically attached to one another where where it shouldn't and another one is called epigenetic modifications such as methylation and acetylation of genes and this can is essentially silent certain genes and even cause genes to become more more active and so you can imagine with these mutations a normal cell can become a cancerous cell and so when they cell enter the cell cycle you get an uncontrolled cell growth it bypasses all the checkpoints you get uncontrolled cell growth and these uncontrolled cell growth is essentially caused by two main changes that occurs in cancer cell these are one activation of oncogenes such as the rash gene and your myc gene the other change is the inactivation of tumor suppressor genes such as inactivation of p53 APC and braca one and two so the mechanism of uncontrolled cell growth as we discussed the point mutations the gene amplification the chromosomal rearrangements the epigenetic modifications these mechanisms of uncontrolled cell growth essentially causes two main things in the cancer cell these are activation of oncogenes and inactivation of tumor suppressor genes so now let's look at each of these in a bit more detail beginning by looking at oncogenes first so let's begin by looking at uncle gene activation looking at the wrasse and myc gene as an example so let's look at this cell here that's about to enter the cell cycle at a g1 phase now normally normally our cell contains DNA and normally our cells contain a gene called the rass gene now the Rast gene makes the wrasse protein which basically is an intracellular protein that sits below the plasma membrane next to it is a receptor the growth factor receptor now obviously normally when a cell enter the cell cycle there needs there is a growth factor which stimulates the growth factor receptor when the growth factor is stimulated it will actually activate the Rast protein once the rest protein is activated it will cause a cascade of intracellular phosphorylation of other proteins which will essentially at the end activate a transcription factor once this transcription factor is activated it will essentially go to the DNA and read the genes to make proteins to make proteins for cell growth particularly to make proteins to allow this cell to go from the g1 phase to the S phase and these proteins are the cdk and cycling's we talked about so you can imagine what would happen if you have a mutation in the Rasch gene when you have a mutation the rest gene you are making actually Rast proteins which are already activated and so you get always this cascade of phosphorylation events and you always get the activation of these transcription factors and so you are overproducing at the end these proteins for cell growth such as the cyclins and cdks now the myc gene is another one the myc gene normally makes proteins in our body these proteins are important for cell growth cell survival and also cell activity and so when you have a mutation of the myc gene the cell becomes morte answers you get more cell growth more cell activity and or cell survival and so activation of these oncogenes activation of the regime and the myc gene for example will allow a cell to bypass the checkpoints of the cell cycle and will allow the cell to have an uncontrolled cell growth now normally the cell has a mechanism to stop any abnormal cells from progressing to the cell cycle this is where tumor suppressor genes come in so for example let's just say this cell gets held up at the g2 phase because it has an abnormal DNA it has a damaged DNA this cell that was stopped with the damaged DNA will not progress the cell cycle because it had it is abnormal it has a damaged DNA so now let's talk about how this happened let's talk about tumor suppressor genes normally focusing on p53 so let's zoom into this cell the cell contains damaged DNA when there's damaged DNA the cell produces p53 proteins which can act like a transcription factor it will read the DNA and will actually make proteins it will make proteins for cell arrests such as p21 what does p21 do well p21 is a protein that causes cell arrest it actually inhibits the cdk and cycling's and thus inhibits the drivers of the cell cycle so the cell cycle will not progressed p53 will also make proteins important for cell repair and so hopefully when the cell is arrested and the cell can repair itself it can repair the DNA the p53 protein will also make proteins important for apoptosis if the cell cannot repair itself it has to die because we don't want any abnormal cells so you can imagine now if you have inactivation of tumor suppressor genes such as inactivation of p53 when you have inactivation of p53 you are not making proteins for sole arrest you're not making proteins for a cell repair you're not making proteins for apoptosis and so you have this cell that enters the cell cycle and can bypass the checkpoint and continuously grow and proliferate and so in summary the genetic changes that occur in cancer are the inactivation of the tumor suppressor genes and the activation of the oncogenes and so you have this cell that enters a cell cycle and came bypass the checkpoints and continuously grow and proliferate I hope this video was helpful thanks for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @armandohasudungan [10 likes]: 🎥 DON'T JUST WATCH, LEARN ACTIVELY! TRY THE QUIZ! 🤓
https://youmakr.ai/test-playground/questionnaire/673d3be7859b9c170836ec9c
  2. @KADAMBINI-t6h [2 likes]: Watching this after 7 years 👀 its still so helpful
  3. @HAMID_CINEMA [1 likes]: 6:45 nice receptor bro. It has got a good personality.
  4. @MasudaMahima: How extremely beautiful explanation with beautiful figures 😮🎉 mind blowing
  5. @SumairaAyazAli: Amazing amazing amazing
  6. @EllaAlabi01: Watched this three times over, I just understood. Now my lecturers' slides make sense to me. Thank you, Armando!
  7. @Miouxia: This video is super helpful! Thank you so much <3
  8. @joshuascott8521: The question is, how does one prevent the check points from malfunctioning?
  9. @lawalkehinde9464: This is SUPERB!!!
  10. @MauricioCorrea-q4g: Splendid video. Thank you for all the work you put into these videos!
  11. @KateBroadbent-v8z: Wow so helpful thank you! Love the drawing
  12. @أوميغا: Thank you for the illustration.
  13. @lulu-delulu-195: Is there a way to get this diagram as pdf?
  14. @MedicoExpress1: You made this so easy! Thanks.
  15. @malikadarashid: This is tricky but this explanation makes it seem so simple wow!
  16. @sofiadiaz7619: This is a great video! Thank you so much
  17. @monicacm9920: Love your explanation so easy
  18. @AsiAbduldaeva: 😮😮🎉
  19. @shengrix: From space to the human body, Everything seems to be well structured and systematic. Too perfect to be random!
  20. @GhulamMujtaba-l3b: Excellent work

- How I Actually Edit Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Where's the editing tutorial? How do&nbsp; you edit? Bro, are you using Adobe to&nbsp;&nbsp; edit your videos? How do you edit so good?&nbsp; Your editing style is crazy, man. Where do&nbsp;&nbsp; you edit videos? How to edit smooth like&nbsp; you? How to edit? Bro, we need a tutorial… Yep, this is the editing tutorial. But why&nbsp;&nbsp; the hell did it take 9 months to make&nbsp; it? Well, it all started one year ago… An editing tutorial? From me? Really? Why not? Have you ever checked your&nbsp; views? People love your videos, man. Look, I know a thing or two about editing,&nbsp; but making a tutorial?! There are fricking&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizards out there making stuff I can’t&nbsp; even imagine! I mean look at this guy. How the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell does he do that?! The best I can do is&nbsp; “how to edit slightly above average” tutorial… And? Isn’t that the point? You don’t need to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizard. You just need to be… You…&nbsp; Someone who’s been through the journey. What do you mean? Remember your early days, man. You knew&nbsp; nothing about editing. I’ve been there. Wait. You were there? I mean for the most part… Oh… Everything you know, you learned&nbsp; the hard way. Wouldn’t you want&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to guide you through that path back then? Yeah… Just keep it real. Show the way for past Isaac.&nbsp; How you edit your videos, from start until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. The stuff you learned along the way. And&nbsp; hey, who knows, maybe I’ll send it back to him. Alright. That’s my man! But if I’m doing this, I’m making the best&nbsp; editing tutorial YouTube has ever seen… Yeah, I know, you’ve probably heard this a&nbsp; million times and rolling your eyes. But different&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences want different editing. You can’t use&nbsp; a MrBeast style editing in a Ruhi video. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t feel right. Now, every editing tutorial is&nbsp; saying this exact same thing, but the problem is,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of them proceed to explain both editing&nbsp; styles in theory and never actually give you&nbsp;&nbsp; practical advice. You know why? Because they don’t&nbsp; want to lose the other side of their viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s all about keeping the retention high! I&nbsp; know, it’s not a wise choice for retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don’t wanna be one of them. I want to&nbsp; actually teach you something. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; juggling 2 different editing styles&nbsp; and giving random tips from each one,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s pick the one that I’m better at, which&nbsp; is, fancy editing! The editing like this… and&nbsp;&nbsp; this… and this. I want you to walk away from&nbsp; this tutorial actually knowing how to edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; not watching another video that explains&nbsp; the same theory for the 100th time. You wouldn’t wanna sit down to edit and realize&nbsp; halfway through that your script isn’t good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, or even worse, the video idea doesn’t&nbsp; make sense! If you wanna edit viral videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else should be made with&nbsp; that in mind as well. An amazing edit&nbsp;&nbsp; can’t save a boring script, or a bad video&nbsp; idea. So let’s quickly fix these at first. Think about your target audience.&nbsp; Is the idea interesting for them?&nbsp;&nbsp; Would someone click on this&nbsp; video if they didn’t know you? I already covered it in another video. For the script, start by outlining all the&nbsp; points you want to cover in the video, and write&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s on your mind. Most youtubers&nbsp; stop here. But after writing everything, I always&nbsp;&nbsp; come up with a secondary story. Something deeper.&nbsp; Almost like a short film that runs alongside the&nbsp;&nbsp; main video. After that, create a structure. Cut&nbsp; out useless parts, ask ChatGPT to make it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand, and build some kind of progress&nbsp; from the start until the end of your video. We’re&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna dive a lot deeper into scripting in a future&nbsp; video, so I’ll not waste much time on that here. Just record your voice on a microphone,&nbsp; or like me, use an AI voice generator&nbsp;&nbsp; like Elevenlabs. Create a voice, and paste&nbsp; everything in your script, but little little,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle. Some people still think that&nbsp; AI voices are too robotic, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has improved a lot. I mean I can get random&nbsp; emotions like SIUUU. See? You can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs with the link in description. It’s&nbsp; not sponsored by the way. I just get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; commission if you use my link. And it’s a great&nbsp; tool. SIUUU! Haha. Sorry… Okay, let’s move on. Here’s the thing about filming… I have absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; no clue. I get all my footage&nbsp; from the internet… So… yeah… Look at other youtubers’ videos, but even&nbsp; better, watch a good movie before editing. Uhh,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a heads-up, don’t watch 5 seasons of&nbsp; Breaking Bad just to get inspired for one&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Don’t ask me how I know… With all the&nbsp; rise of short-form content, some people haven’t&nbsp;&nbsp; even sat and watched a 2 hour long movie in years.&nbsp; But if you find any type of movie that you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and watch it with your editor's eye, you’ll get&nbsp; so much inspiration that you can’t even make&nbsp;&nbsp; that much video! Transitions, storytelling,&nbsp; montages, cool camera angles, you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of this stuff hasn't even been implemented&nbsp; once on youtube yet. So, you want originality?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where you get them. Even though it’s not&nbsp; gonna be as good as a masterpiece like Morbius,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making your own movies here. Once&nbsp; these are ready, move on to the next step. When I say assets, I’m talking about music,&nbsp; sound effects, overlays, and presets. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of trial and error to find the right&nbsp; ones. But if you don’t have time for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I put together all the assets I use to edit&nbsp; my videos. Here’s where I get them from. Now, this part may seem a bit unnecessary,&nbsp; but it made everything way faster for me in&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual editing. Take your script, and color&nbsp; code what’s happening in each sentence. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide it into 6 categories, but you can&nbsp; adjust this based on your style. Once you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; done with the entire script, collect all the&nbsp; elements you need for each part. I marked this&nbsp;&nbsp; part as ‘screen record’. So now I’ll gather&nbsp; all the screen recordings for this section.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same process for images, videos, and&nbsp; everything else. And for the animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; uhh… Just keep it there. I’m gonna explain&nbsp; it in a few minutes. After you went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire script and got everything&nbsp; you need, you’re ready to move on to… Alright, finally, it’s time to open Premiere&nbsp; Pro. Click create a new project. Create again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add a new sequence. I like to&nbsp; make my videos in 1920 by 1080,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is high enough so no one’s&nbsp; counting pixels, and low enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; not burn my computer. Though you can use 4k if&nbsp; you got a beast in your house. Oh, and 60fps. Create your workplace by dragging windows around,&nbsp; however you’re comfortable with. Personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like this layout, which has&nbsp; the main video in the center,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline at the bottom, footage and effects&nbsp; here, effect controls and raw footage monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; here. If you’re missing any windows,&nbsp; just enable them from the menu here. Next up, import your voiceover, drag to&nbsp; the timeline, cut it based on the script,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remove any awkward pauses or&nbsp; moments where it drags the flow. Okay, this one might not fit for&nbsp; everyone's workflow, but I like&nbsp;&nbsp; adding the music right after the voiceover.&nbsp; I know, most editors save it for the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it gives more clarity on the vibe&nbsp; you’re going for in the entire edit. Plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it lets you make cuts based on the beat. And&nbsp; most importantly, it’s more fun! So, where&nbsp;&nbsp; to find good music? I used to grab no copyright&nbsp; music from youtube for a long time, but lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been hooked on Epidemicsound. It’s just more&nbsp; convenient to find music and sound effects based&nbsp;&nbsp; on every detail, and you don’t need to worry&nbsp; about copyright issues. One thing I didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; realize until editing this video, is that you can&nbsp; copy and paste your favorite songs from Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; and get similar music. I mean what the hell?&nbsp; Why didn’t anyone told me that?! Once you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got your music, drop it to the timeline, and&nbsp; adjust the volume based on the voiceover. Now comes the fun part. Remember the highlights&nbsp; on the script? Start layering in all your videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; images, and screen recordings based on the&nbsp; highlights. It’s not necessary if you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; new to editing, but it’s a good idea to&nbsp; experiment with some cuts based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; music beats. It gives your edit that extra&nbsp; punch and keeps it flowing easier. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; little trick I like to use, is just plain&nbsp; text on a black background. Just like I’m&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now. We’re gonna dive into text&nbsp; in a minute, so leave it blank for now. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking good so far! But remember? You highlighted&nbsp; one more thing in your script. Animations… Alright, here’s the truth. Animation&nbsp; is not as easy as it looks. Especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it’s your first time. But don’t&nbsp; worry, we’ll break it down together. So, in the script that you highlighted,&nbsp; let’s take the first animation. I’m just&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take a cool one from my previous&nbsp; videos. And show you the exact method I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to make them go viral. Grab a pen and&nbsp; paper, and imagine the animation. You’re&nbsp;&nbsp; probably thinking of something that walks&nbsp; the viewer through the method step by step,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Picture this. We’ll have some&nbsp; boxes connected to each other by arrows,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a flowchart. Inside each box, is a heading,&nbsp; but they’re blurred out for now. Then, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; zoom into the first box, and boom. The text is&nbsp; revealed. That’s a solid one. Let’s create it. Now there are two ways to create the animations.&nbsp; Easy way, and hard way. Let’s start with the first&nbsp;&nbsp; one. If your animation is too simple,&nbsp; and not much fancy stuff is going on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create it in Canva. I made my&nbsp; first video’s animations using only Canva.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just create the animation you sketched, with&nbsp; shapes, text, and graphics. For our example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might look something like this. Once you’ve&nbsp; got your design set, add some animations. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s it! Keep in mind, if you want to&nbsp; add some zoom-ins to them in the edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; export the video in a higher quality. Or it may&nbsp; look like this. That works for simple animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you want to edit like a pro, it’s time to&nbsp; dive into… After Effects… But here’s your warning.&nbsp;&nbsp; This route gets much more complex than Canva. So&nbsp; it’s okay to freak out if it’s your first time&nbsp;&nbsp; using it. Every editor has been there. Honestly… I&nbsp; think I'm still freaking out each time I see it...&nbsp;&nbsp; OH! Sh… There’s too much detail to explain here,&nbsp; so I’m gonna do a separate video for creating more&nbsp;&nbsp; complex animations in the future. But the idea is&nbsp; the same as Canva. Use tools like text, shapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or pen to create the base of your animation.&nbsp; Once you have something similar to your sketch,&nbsp;&nbsp; adjust them based on the voiceover. Add typewriter&nbsp; animation to texts, and trim paths to move shapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lastly, add some glow effect to make them pop.&nbsp; At least that’s what I do. It takes more time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result is next level. You can repeat&nbsp; the same process for all the other animations&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Sketch, create, animate. Until&nbsp; I make the full animation tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to do some research yourself,&nbsp; I shared some keywords and tutorials from&nbsp;&nbsp; other creators that might help. And once all the&nbsp; animations are ready, drop them to the timeline&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Line them up with your voiceover, and&nbsp; we’re one step closer to a polished final edit. By now, your timeline should be looking pretty&nbsp; solid. But here’s the thing. The first rough cut&nbsp;&nbsp; is never perfect. So if you have time,&nbsp; go back and watch it again. Trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll spot points to improve. Add&nbsp; extra animations, screen recordings,&nbsp;&nbsp; some funny memes. Sometimes I even rewrite parts&nbsp; of the script if a better idea pops in my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it’s not about just adding things. At some&nbsp; point, you’ll need to cut off useless parts. Look&nbsp;&nbsp; out for boring lines in the script, unnecessary&nbsp; footage, or bad jokes. Cut everything that doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; serve the video’s main goal. And yeah, I only&nbsp; keep the good jokes. You wouldn’t wanna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bad ones… Don’t, hey, don’t show it! So&nbsp; you added new stuff, removed useless stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s still not enough. There’s one&nbsp; more thing you need... Space. I know, I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you always heard that people’s attention span&nbsp; is shorter than a jellyfish, and if you wanna&nbsp;&nbsp; make a viral video, you’ve gotta keep up the pace.&nbsp; Get to the point as fast as possible, and move on&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next one. Because if you slow down for too&nbsp; long… you’re gonna be… boring… So cut every single&nbsp;&nbsp; millisecond where something interesting isn’t&nbsp; happening, fry people’s dopamine receptors, make&nbsp;&nbsp; them hate their life after watching your video,&nbsp; give them a heart attack… and maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; retention… But here’s the twist. Cutting every&nbsp; space may mean cutting the actual story from your&nbsp;&nbsp; video… So how do you balance it? The best way&nbsp; to summarize this point is, ‘People don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; shorter attention spans. They just have higher&nbsp; standards’. So make the stop worth waiting for… Alright, we’re done with the boring parts.&nbsp; Now it’s time to get our hands dirty. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in, just remember this. Good editing&nbsp; doesn’t mean using as many effects as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; It means using it to complement what’s being&nbsp; said in the video. So you need to resist the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to throw in every flashy&nbsp; thing you find in the effects tab. Sometimes you need to zoom in and out&nbsp; to highlight something on the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just to add a little movement to your&nbsp; video. To do that, use a transform effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; add scale and position keyframes to the&nbsp; start, move forward in the timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjust where you want the zoom to end. Sure,&nbsp; it gets the job done, but it’s not smooth at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; To make it flow better, expand the effect, and&nbsp; make the curves smoother. Much better. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's basic knowledge. To take it further, you&nbsp; need to keep the point of focus consistent in&nbsp;&nbsp; between cuts. This keeps the viewers’ eyes from&nbsp; wandering all over the place, and makes it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch. To do that, use guides. Center point,&nbsp; eye line, but my favorite is the rule of thirds.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that the main focus of each zoom&nbsp; and cut must stay at the same spot. Like this. Text in videos is a subjective choice. Some&nbsp; people never use it, some use it all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. Personally, I use it in 3 places. First -&nbsp; as a caption. Captions are the most obvious one,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I try not to slap them all over the video.&nbsp; Because it can become irritating to see a text&nbsp;&nbsp; pop every second throughout the entire time.&nbsp; So I use it where I talk about something&nbsp;&nbsp; important. Second - as a center text. Center text,&nbsp; is for moments where captions aren’t enough. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can have its own color, glow, or whatever makes&nbsp; it pop. Third - as a part of the video. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s text that becomes a part of the scene.&nbsp; Attached to a screen, a wall, or something in the&nbsp;&nbsp; background. Now, how do you actually create these?&nbsp; It’s simple. Click this text tool, click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; video, type something, and adjust its settings&nbsp; in the effect controls to match your channel’s&nbsp;&nbsp; brand. To give it a pop animation like you see in&nbsp; my videos, we’re gonna use the ancient technique&nbsp;&nbsp; of sensei Finzar. Take the transform effect, add&nbsp; it to the text, set a scale keyframe at the start&nbsp;&nbsp; around 70%. Then, move about 7 frames forward,&nbsp; increase the scale to 110%, move forward another&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 frames, and bring it back to 100. I smoothed out&nbsp; the keyframes, but there isn’t a big difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, add glow, glitch, or whatever else fits&nbsp; your style. Repeat the same for other texts as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Looking good! To save time in the future,&nbsp; select your text and animations. Right click, and&nbsp;&nbsp; save as a preset. Next time, you can just drag and&nbsp; drop that preset to a text box, and you’re done! Obviously, using a character isn’t a must. So&nbsp; if you don’t use it, just skip this part. But&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do, here’s the process. Create a head,&nbsp; or a logo with an AI image generator. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; video diving deeper into this matter if you’re&nbsp; interested. Once you got something you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; slap it onto a stock image, export the image,&nbsp; and add it to your video. Again, use keyframes&nbsp;&nbsp; to move it around, smooth out the keyframes, the&nbsp; same stuff. And of course, create presets to use&nbsp;&nbsp; it next time. By the way, if you’re looking to&nbsp; save time with some of these effects, I’ve put&nbsp;&nbsp; together a few of my presets for free. Link’s in&nbsp; the description if you want to check them out! You’ve probably noticed those fancy&nbsp; electric effects, dust, light leaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other textures throughout the video.&nbsp; They’re called overlays. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video with black background, so that you can&nbsp; change the display mode to ‘screen’, and make&nbsp;&nbsp; it transparent. You can use them as highlighters,&nbsp; transitions, or just to make your video fancier. I mostly use light leaks for transitions,&nbsp; but there are some preset packs for changing&nbsp;&nbsp; in between scenes. Like slides, shakes,&nbsp; zooms, rotations, and things like that. I don’t go too heavy on effects, but&nbsp; when I do, my go-to options are glow,&nbsp;&nbsp; 3D, transform, blur, mosaic, and things like that. At this point, I get it. You’re probably&nbsp; overwhelmed by the things you have to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a single video. That’s normal.&nbsp; But here’s the secret. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn everything at once. Just pick&nbsp; one small thing from this tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try it in your next video. Practice&nbsp; until you’re decent at it. Then take&nbsp;&nbsp; another. Then another, then another,&nbsp; and repeat. Nobody is chasing you. Now keep in mind. Just because you can use&nbsp; an effect or a transition, doesn’t mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; should. Sometimes keeping things simple is more&nbsp; effective than using every single effect you can. But no matter how great your edit turns out,&nbsp; without proper sound effects underneath,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will feel flat, and viewers will sense&nbsp; something’s missing. There are 3 main types of&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effects. Whoosh, riser, and impact. These&nbsp; are the basics, so don’t limit yourself. Based&nbsp;&nbsp; on your video, you can throw in keyboard&nbsp; sounds, gears, memes, clicks, bomb, clock,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much anything you can come up with. You&nbsp; can find all kinds of sound effects from youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paid platforms like Epidemicsound. I use a&nbsp; combination of both. Now, the technique I found&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes the process easier, is just mute&nbsp; all the other audio tracks. Watch the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add the sound effects you think would fit&nbsp; best. May sound obvious, but when I started,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing my sound designs with voiceover&nbsp; and music enabled. It wasn’t good… And don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment and combine different&nbsp; sound effects together. It may feel too time&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming and unnecessary since you can’t&nbsp; see anything visually changing in the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sound design is literally half of the video.&nbsp; So it’s definitely worth investing time on that&nbsp;&nbsp; part. And finally, lower the volume of the&nbsp; sounds, so that they don’t become annoying. We’re almost done, but the colors look a&nbsp; bit off. To fix that, I add a lumetri color&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on each clip, and change the exposure,&nbsp; contrast, saturation, and things like that. Alright, so mastering the basics and improving in&nbsp; all those skills with every video is essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's where a lot of channels fail. At&nbsp; one point, they stop trying anything new. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the channels, where each video feels&nbsp; like the exact same copy of the last 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s the recipe for failure.&nbsp; Now, I have to admit something... I&nbsp;&nbsp; still don’t know 90% of the stuff in editing.&nbsp; And neither does anyone else! But the key is,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you learning with every video? If you keep&nbsp; trying new things each time, and that gap between&nbsp;&nbsp; what you know and what you don’t know will slowly&nbsp; get smaller. Sure, it will never go down to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s the point. Most people are stuck&nbsp; here forever. And even if you’re here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can overtake them just by learning with&nbsp; each video. Because most people don’t even try… Editing isn’t just what you see in tutorials.&nbsp; There’s so much out there you can improvise&nbsp;&nbsp; or learn from others. For every video I make, I&nbsp; try something new that I could not do until that&nbsp;&nbsp; point. For my first video, I didn’t know how&nbsp; to make animations, so I tried making crappy&nbsp;&nbsp; animations with Canva. For the second one,&nbsp; I tried these electricity effects. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used After Effects for the first time, and tried&nbsp; creating an entire storyline. The list goes on for&nbsp;&nbsp; every single video. That’s why these videos take&nbsp; so much time to create. Sometimes I spend 3 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; learning a new technique to use in a 5 second&nbsp; part of my video. Most editors just do what&nbsp;&nbsp; they already know - to be more efficient. But if&nbsp; you invest 3 hours to learn that new effect, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next time that 3 hours will become 1 hour. Then&nbsp; 30 minutes, 10 minutes, then just a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once an impossible effect will become an&nbsp; ordinary thing. That’s how I learn to edit better… Sounds cool, right? But sometimes, well, most&nbsp; of the times, things don’t go as planned… How’s the masterpiece coming along? Almost done. Just adding some final touches.&nbsp; You know, little details to make it perfect. Dude, you said the same thing&nbsp; last week. And the week before… Just a few more tweaks, okay? Trust me.&nbsp; It’s gonna be the ultimate tutorial. Alright, man. But remember, sometimes&nbsp; ‘done’ is better than ‘perfect’. Oh. You sound like an AI&nbsp; generated motivational video. Just don’t get lost in details, okay? Alright, don’t worry about me. So I kept editing, applied everything I learned,&nbsp;&nbsp; even researched new techniques to take my&nbsp; video a step further. Every day, it felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like the video was getting better and better. But&nbsp; after a while, something started to feel… wrong… What the f… is going on?! Almost 60 days had passed, and I&nbsp; was still editing the same video. Wanna grab some drink? It… it feels like I’m stuck in&nbsp; a loop that will never end. What&nbsp;&nbsp; should I do? Isn’t there a tutorial for this? I mean, you’re the one&nbsp; that’s making tutorials here. You know, I’ve been watching you since&nbsp; the beginning of your journey. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know what your weakness is? You think&nbsp; that you can learn everything just by&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a tutorial about it. But&nbsp; there isn’t a tutorial for this. So, am I gonna stuck here? Look, I’m not an editor, but let me tell you&nbsp; what I know. That's the thing about anything&nbsp;&nbsp; creative you do. It’s never done. You can&nbsp; always improve it. Add a new effect. Create&nbsp;&nbsp; a better animation. Find better music. Tell&nbsp; a better story. It’s a cycle that never ends… So, how do I escape? Maybe you just need to say it’s good enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a deep breath, and press&nbsp; publish. It's good enough. Yeah, I still couldn’t fully overcome&nbsp; my perfectionism, but I’m trying my&nbsp;&nbsp; best. Even if it’s not flawless, it’s&nbsp; still gonna help someone out there. More than you know. Sometimes it’s better to&nbsp; see the process. Not only the right things,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the mistakes as well.&nbsp; That’s what makes it real. Dude, I didn’t finish my motivational speech… Don’t worry… They get it… Alright, whatever… I know, some of you were probably expecting some&nbsp; kind of secret technique that I use to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; edits stand out. While making this video, I&nbsp; thought about this a lot. But the truth is,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique doesn’t exist. I can’t&nbsp; fully explain how I edited those videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only technique was to keep learning new&nbsp; things each time. Combine different styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; draw inspirations, break the&nbsp; rules, and add something from… you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorar-wa-rodod [1 likes]: 12:24 vibing to akaza ost 🔥🔥
  2. @IsaacVargas-c3i [1 likes]: Eh yo también me llamo Isaac
  3. @squadistaken: Türkçe çeviri 0.55 MUAZZAM OLMUŞ :D :D
  4. @SelamCahiller: ONUR NACİ :d
  5. @junaidkhoda: Nice 👍
  6. @yahyazadeTvo: ruhi çenet ve onurnaci detayları çok iyi
  7. @kinili58: @spunkram
  8. @FURYxPulsar: Onur naci öztürkler :) olmana gerek yok diyoor
  9. @ControSapiensOfficial: Suuuuuuuuuuu.....😂
  10. @HazeOsu: Thanks man, this video maybe not a fully usefull tutorial for me but its a good reminder for me, well now i know maybe what i need is not "perfect" but "It's good enough" big thanks man
  11. @dr_Fess: This is too good ,you deserve 100 Million subs 💯
  12. @muanyaking: Finzar mentioned 🎉😂
  13. @dorar-wa-rodod: What a great video!
  14. @Langkahmu-sekarang: This tutorial? ... Ah maybe this cinema , best cinema I found in yt ❤❤
  15. @soaresilva2k: That was one of the shortest videos I've ever seen—let me check if it's really 60 seconds long...
  16. @Fuzzey-DarkAndDarker: Man thanks for this video. I just recently started this bs channel about a tiny ass vid game. I only did it to overcome my destructive  perfectionism. I ve been depressed for 5 years and recently "snapped" out of it. For me the better i got the more i hated myself for failing not reaching the level i thought ive already reached. Seeing 1000 people clicked on my dumb ass video i was cutting while having a smoke and laughs with the boys on discord truely opened my eyes. Ppl want authenticity. This video of yours was authentic af my man. Shout out for that❤
I will start another channel for my real life stuff like crafts as knife and furniture making, sewing and cooking, some short docus and philosophy which helped me form a healthier mindset and way of thinking about my miserable self😂 im about to embrace the cringe and process of failing. Why act as if im the best while im definently not. I will buy a cam this month and start recording. My channel name will maybe be hermes if thats not already taken (pretty sure it is tho😅) if you wanna se me struggle and lose fingers or nerves. Until then thanks for the vid and wish you great fun
  17. @turkcipitiofficial: turkish dub added.
  18. @Mr.MaskedGamingOfficial: yeah same i espected a tutorial and got a boring ai scripted movie
  19. @Generic_mann: Bro made a short film on how to make cool edits ... Absolute cinema 😭🙌❤💐
  20. @rdx7ip: 🇧🇷

- 'Quiet Quitting' a viral trend leaving its impact across TikTok: Kind: captions Language: en an unusual new topic on tick tock is causing a major debate about work-life balance it's called quiet quitting and the videos feature mostly young people talking about establishing clear work-life boundaries a lot of that conversation happening right now on social media because new polls show employee engagement dropping for the first time in a decade sam brock has a closer look at this new trend quiet quitting means that when somebody asks you to do something that's not in your contract you don't do it while the definition represents different things to different people not doing the job of two to three people you know stuff like that the concept of quiet quitting is making some very loud noise on tick tock yeah that's a recipe for disaster i'm going to tell you that first let's define the idea which one career coach says is really about priorities people aren't going above and beyond they're not bending over backwards for their employers anymore and sacrificing their mental and physical health they're doing what they're getting paid for they're doing what's required allison peck has amassed hundreds of thousands of followers on tick tock doling out professional career advice she tells us quiet quitting doesn't apply to many people whether they're trying to run a company or jump start a career but for others she says it makes a lot of sense even if the name doesn't i wish it was called something different because you're not quitting you're taking care of yourself so what would you call this you're coasting you're like carefully coasting some speak about reclaiming control between work and personal life like isn't that just called working like doing your job properly with a healthy boundary while others say it's partly about pay quality for me is acting my wage and knowing that my time on my time is valuable in the specific time i have and that i don't feel bad for not going above and beyond the viral trend coming at a time when a gallup poll finds employee engagement has dipped for the first time in a decade going from 36 in 2020 to 34 in 2021 to 32 percent so far in 2022 though the poll also found engagement higher on average for those with hybrid or work from home jobs and lower for those who only work on site as for advice to employers about combating quiet quitting managers are really important and that does start at the top it's important to have the right kind of conversations at the right time so that people do know what's expected of them and their role and how their work connects to something bigger conveying a sense of purpose and a mission to those who are also looking for fresh incentive is important too i still work just as hard i still get just as much accomplished i just don't stress and internally rip myself to shreds and it's beautiful sounds like a whole lot of conversation about that

  Top Comments:
  1. @KendrickLatroll [5 likes]: So just doing my job and not doing extra s*** is now called quiet quitting? Wow and here I thought it was just called going to work.
  2. @midnightexp17 [4 likes]: I've been doing this for years. Jobs will take advantage of you and make you work beyond what you signed up for and just expect you to say yes master. No, if I answer phones I'm not moving furniture. If I am a construction worker I'm a not grabbing the boss's dry cleaning. You do the job you were hired and paid for.
  3. @carolinegathercole8473 [3 likes]: Not a recipe for disaster, healthy boundaries sounds great. Employers will use employees for all their worth with little reward.
  4. @dorthealove4117 [2 likes]: I'm not going above and beyond for my job, but I am going above and beyond to protect my mental and physical health. PERIODT.
  5. @cookiew7507 [2 likes]: Technically its right...cause why let them overwork you for FREE, like they've been doing and getting away with it...
  6. @re8746 [1 likes]: I’m 53 and quite quit years ago.   It’s the best thing I am doing  today ?
  7. @TheLifePhoenix [1 likes]: These platforms are dangerous allowing a lost generation to justify laziness and entitlement, setting a standard of ignorance and these “influencers” are one day going to get what they reap
  8. @derrick4544 [1 likes]: Business owners, if you run into this situation, automate EVERYTHING that you can - both physically and IT...grab a couple of good customer service reps and call it a day. Let these people "quiet quit" all they want...
  9. @hedxech9795: On c'est c'est la faute de qui hein....
  10. @tadam_0: Nico s’est br dans le bus L5
  11. @lucygrace1193: This has to be dumbest thing I’ve ever heard!  These people are ridiculously entitled, immature, lazy!
  12. @netstape7772: Its called working tf
  13. @jayramirez5379: It’s called laziness
  14. @AprilVonCheshire: Haha, I got that video to my english test for my HND
  15. @etfbit: this news crew totally fabricated the "employee engagement" headline - which they say dropped a whopping 3%.... that stat does not exist - they made it up, and is the core of the news "report"
  16. @johnprovince5304: HR Directors are second only to Politicians as the worst liars on the planet. They will lie, deceive and mislead just to fill a job and then hope you're too desperate to quit. I say BRAVO! If you're able, move on. Life's too short to spend getting screwed for one third of it.
  17. @jimba6486: The expression is misleading. It is people who are either depressed, lack ambition at their work, don’t want to move out of their competency. I think this depends on the job, many jobs don’t need you to exceed the job description. That is why it is a “job” and not a “career”
  18. @TonerLow: yeah this country isn't doomed to fail at all.
  19. @borgCube100: Where's the debate? It's work, not your life. Power to the people.
  20. @stephanielopez7850: I DNT UNDERSTAND WHITE PEOPLE THEY TALK SHIT ANOUT OTHER RACE TAKING THERE JOB BUT LOOK WHAT THEY DOING N ONES MEXICAN N BLACC N ASIANS START WORKING AT THE SAME PLACE THEY LEFT THEY GOING TO GET MAD N TALK SHIT THEY TAKING OUR JOB

- 3 Simple Steps to Go Viral on TikTok in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en if you're trying to go viral on Tik Tok without doing these three key steps you are quite literally throwing away hours of work I'm going to be revealing the exact three-step system that took my Tik toks from 200 views to over 2 million views in only 48 hours but before I share these steps grab a notebook because this isn't some basic post consistently advice that you see everywhere here's what most creators get completely wrong about going viral on Tik Tok while other creators are copying Trends the top 1% of creators are using a systematic approach which guarantees views step one packaging let me explain every time you post a video in the first 3 seconds the algorithm makes a critical decision as to whether your video dies out at 100 views or it Soares to over a million most creators never really understand what exactly triggers this decision but today I'm going to show you how to hack it everyone tells you to use trending sounds and Quick Cuts right that advice is literally killing your reach let me show you why this matters so much see these two videos one of them got 100 views and the other got 2.4 million here's what actually matters when it comes to packaging first hook structure for forget saying hey guys today I'm going to show you instead hit them with the reason that your Tik toks are flopping is happening within the first 2 seconds see what I just did there that's a pattern interrupt top creators use these every 2 to 3 seconds quick zooms voice changes video overlay and strategic pauses now here's where most creators mess up with their visual they randomly throw text on screen but here's a specific formula number one hook the text at the top number two supporting text middle number three engagement trigger at the bottom and number four pattern interrupts throughout but here is the biggest secret about the Tik Tok algorithm it's not just what you do it's when you do it your first three seconds are critical look at these analytics the algorithm tracks watch time you're engagement rate how many viewers share your video and when your viewers start to drop off this perfect timing is very important for what I'm about to reveal later step two value exchange now that you understand perfect timing let me show you how to craft the perfect value exchange let me show you what I mean with a simple example imagine you're making dog training content most creators will just show cute puppy videos or very basic tricks that is what amateurs do here is how a highlevel Creator would go about this an amateur dog training Creator will post a very basic morning routine video with a dog that'll get maybe 500 views but a top Creator will take that content style and package it into something like the exact morning routine that fixed my dog's anxiety in only 7 days this single shift in value pre presentation can take your views from under a th000 to over a million in a pretty short amount of time this works because you're solving specific problems every piece of content must solve a specific problem and if you do this correctly your viewers will not only watch your content they will like comment follow and share it as well look at these results this video got over 50,000 shares simply because solve a simple problem that dog owners face every day but here is where it gets interesed when you combine perfect packaging from step one with this value exchange principle your video automatically becomes 100 times better but to go viral you're still going to need step number three look at these analytics every time we've used this secret strategy that I'm about to reveal My Views jumped from the hundreds to the the millions I have developed a testing strategy which guarantees viral hits here's the truth every viral video you see on your foru page it's usually version 15 or even 20 of the same concept let me show you exactly how this works step one find the winner find three to five videos in your Niche that are blowing up right now for this you're going to need to analyze videos with high engagement and Views and Simply Save them to your favorites step two take one winning concept and create three different versions version one a direct Recreation with your own style version two same information but with a different delivery and version three a complex pattern interrupt version for example let me show you how I did this I found a viral video about Tik Tok grow and here is how I test it version one was standing and talking to the camera version two voice over with text reveals and version three was a POV Style with a shocking opener in the end the third version is the one that ended up doing the best and when you have a clear outlier like that that is when you move on to step three the 5x multiplication when one version starts performing better even if it's just by 10,000 views that is your signal don't move on to new content in instead create five more variations of that wedding style within 24 hours because Tik Tok is already pushing your content to the Right audience I tested this with a client in the supplement Niche the first video got around 5,000 views we then found the winning format and made five variations video 4 ended up hitting 1.2 million views same content just different packaging now you have my complete threep system packaging value exchange and the viral blueprint analysis but wait before you go I've got something else you're probably interested in in my next video I'm revealing the three algorithm hacks that took one of my accounts from zero to over a 100,000 followers in just 3 months so make sure you turn on notifications to know when that video is dropped or if it's already been uploaded just simply click right here and you can check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tasinj-22NC: This breakdown is spot on! I’ve been trying to figure out the right cadence for posting. Also, has anyone tried combining these steps with an engagement tracker like ipweb to see real-time shifts? Curious if it helps speed up the process.
  2. @shahdkaram9189: Excellent service and very professional team. Fast response, great quality, and smooth communication from start to finish. Really satisfied with my experience with IPWeb and would definitely recommend them
  3. @UsaiMarma-u3l: Very helpful video. Thank you for making this video #ipweb
  4. @ValTT79: не ну круто я лично для этого использую  IPweb
  5. @ahmadfathy-l2u: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn money
  7. @spinstreettv: I love your advice
  8. @Mahandry-w1: I’ve watched many TikTok tutorials, but this one is super easy to understand 👍 #IPweb
  9. @Megaaa-22: Your explanation is easy and simple, and your style is really polite, A big thank you to the IPweb community.
  10. @Asim-x1h2d: Ipweb is most trustable and fast method to grow your social media network
  11. @simonbeti7335: It worth something !
Ipweb
  12. @khurangchiran842: Great post
  13. @Rejuuu-z4h: Great video 😮👍❤
  14. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: Amazing and helpful video 🎉
  15. @johnnyalcides6991: Thanks for ur Amazing video,,very helpful,,high quality content,,
  16. @marwamarwa4798: استفدت كثيراً من المعلومات الموجودة في هذا الفيديو، خاصة فيما يتعلق بخطوات الانتشار السريع. تحية كبيرة لمجتمع IPweb
  17. @aslinotleckinnod: Ipweb is beautiful than tiktok ❤
  18. @Helthboost: Great video ❤️
  19. @fadeefadee6440: Yes, let's learn this.
  20. @sagarsett7239: this video is actually so helpful. thank you for making this. IPweb

- 5 Creative Shots for Short Video (Instagram Reels + TikTok): Kind: captions Language: en if i could give you one tip it would be to shoot more instagram reels hey guys welcome back in today's video we're going to be talking about short form video specifically instagram reels and tick tock and ways that you can incorporate creative angles creative five creative shots that you can incorporate into your short form video now these shots can be incorporated into a wide variety of genres this doesn't have to be just for photographers or videographers this could be for people who are trying to make reels or tic tocs for their business but just because the videos are shorter doesn't mean the videos are necessarily easier to make now that the videos are 15 seconds 10 seconds even seven or six seconds you have to tell a story you have to get to the point really really fast and this is where getting creative with your shot styles or your angles really helps keep an audience engaged so let's go over five types of shots that i incorporate into my short form video that tries to keep the audience engaged and interested so one of the alerts of short form video is its ease of creation this basically means that the great thing about reels and tic tocs is that it seems like anybody can make their own this means that you can use iphones or even smaller equipment like gopros to help create a story a fun thing that you can do is put your camera in places that you wouldn't be able to do otherwise in this first example the actors pull out hats from the bag this angle can be used to set the scene for a quick video in this other example the subject picks up the camera and actually brings them up with them to show the actual scene and this is a great establishing shot that you can use in the beginning of your videos the second creative shot is using action to introduce a transition in the scene in this first clip the acura physically pushes or acts like they're about to push the camera to the side and in doing so you can move the scene from one setting to another location really quickly with a little bit of fun in this other video i've done this with subjects actually using their sunglasses and moving their heads in a certain direction to also introduce a transition or sort of a whip effect all you have to do is just remember which way that you're whipping the camera and when the subject physically does the action just make sure to pan with the actual direction of the motion the third creative shot is to actually walk with a subject the great thing about the new iphones is that they have great stabilization so if you have an iphone this is great if you have a different kind of camera if you can use a gimbal that's great also but typically i just use everything handheld what i often times like to do is stand perhaps three or four meters a couple yards in front of your subject and have them walk with you and you just walk backwards and this is a great way again to establish the scene show your subject in motion but also show the environment which is a great way to show your audience where the action is taking place the fourth creative shot is using height to your advantage so if you can try and get higher than your subject this is a great way to also introduce depth and and honestly just creates a great angle that you can incorporate into your videos what you really want to do is avoid having everything at eye level when i go out to take video i try to keep this in mind by making sure i get enough eye level shots try to get low and also try to get to higher vantage points to introduce a bit of depth into the video and keep it interesting alternatively here is another angle sort of with that creative height but this time going lower by placing the camera on the ground facing upwards and having subjects look at the camera downwards this is another way to create depth and keeps the story interesting [Music] the final creative shot requires a little bit of gear if you have a gopro this is easier you can put the gopro inside your mouth or i actually have a bite mount that i attached to my gopro max alternatively you can just hold up the camera directly to your face or to your eyes to create sort of that pov effect which is on exhibit here by introducing a subject's hands and creating a pov scenario this is a great way to make the audience or the viewer seem like they're a part of the video and taking part in the action so yeah that was a real quick one on how to incorporate creative shots into your short form videos this of course can apply to regular videography as well but in short form video especially it's great to have a variety of angles to keep the audience captivated keep them engaged and keep them watching so i hope some of these tips helped i hope you can incorporate into your video into your genre or whatever that might be please like this video and share it and please subscribe and turn on post notifications if you're just now stumbling across my channel my name is gaku i'm a multimedia specialist based out of tokyo japan i do videography photography a little bit of everything and if you like creative content like this please subscribe and stay tuned for next week thanks again i'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @martisk0 [14 likes]: bro does not enjoy android
  2. @Ali-Cheikh [4 likes]: 3 years later and i still couldnt make a single video
  3. @bhabestvvlogs5253 [2 likes]: Nice short video ideas... Thanks for sharing👌
  4. @miftahbusiness5182 [1 likes]: Finally i found this channel, immersive
  5. @SohmiFaith [1 likes]: Jesus love you all he can save us all
  6. @produccionesoasisvlc: Muy buena información
  7. @CDas99: Thanks for 92 subscribe plz bro
  8. @AllAroundMediaChannel: Great Tips you have helped me out so much
  9. @AngusVivian: Great video Gaku 🔥
  10. @gripdept: Thanks
  11. @Hosein-j2g3v: Photo shot transition
  12. @joaquincitor: thankss
  13. @savoryexposure: Short and sweet, love these tips!
  14. @Kidhunter69: 2:42
  15. @EkbsoundGod: ❤❤❤
  16. @elcoby9k: Thats was i need it
  17. @jhilmiliqueen: thank you! that was an amazingly helpful list! u make it sound so simple and easy and doable. TY.
  18. @tigerlit6813: much appreciated.  think its very usefu
  19. @Nafiseh-bo3ph: Informative
  20. @b4daindustrycaughton: ❤

- How To Make Viral TikTok Text in Premiere Pro: Kind: captions Language: en this is how to make this TikTok text effect in&nbsp; Premiere Pro so first we need to make sure that&nbsp;&nbsp; the text is white otherwise it won't work now we&nbsp; need to upgrade our captions to be able to adjust&nbsp;&nbsp; them so select the captions in a timeline and then&nbsp; go to graphics and titles and then select upgrade&nbsp;&nbsp; caption to graphic this will give us these pink&nbsp; text layers that we can animate now select the&nbsp;&nbsp; first text layer and then go to effect controls&nbsp; now scroll down to the opacity Tab and then change&nbsp;&nbsp; to blend mode to exclusion and we now got this&nbsp; look in the text we can also choose a different&nbsp;&nbsp; blend mode for a different look now to apply this&nbsp; look to all text layers you need to click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; opacity effect and then press CTRL and C to copy&nbsp; it now select the rest of the text layers in the&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline and then press CTRL and V to paste the&nbsp; effect we have now created this TikTok text effect

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnseenControl09 [9 likes]: what kind of fonts you used?
  2. @Waywardpine [4 likes]: I’ve been looking for a simple video. Ages man thank you
  3. @BossJes_Editing [2 likes]: Can you please tell me what Font did you use in this video?
  4. @AdobeBasics [1 likes]: ⚡ Edit faster with my Ultimate 500+ Preset Pack:
https://adobebasics.com/products/ultimate-premiere-pro-presets
  5. @LxzyAurax: Can i do this font effect in capcut??? How
  6. @Pankajj_max: Thank you
  7. @omgitspossessed: bloody awesome
  8. @vayudrax: Brother I want this type of text with exact this type of shine but with different colours like red purple green etc how can I do that
  9. @laughasmuch49: thank you so much!!
  10. @devender4005: Bro straight to point love it man keep going❤
  11. @dannaification3767: My jaw is still on the floor at how great and efficiently you explained this, wow, thank you!!
  12. @MaddoxMarques-e7x: Very helpful🙌
  13. @jayeditz2071: Does anyone know how to make this text effect in Capcut? Please let me know
  14. @talhaajawed: love you bro
  15. @calmwater8621: Is there any way that this can be done in capcut?
  16. @skyhighroba: Please for capcut
  17. @xSnow42: You have no Idea how crazy I've been searching for this. Thanks!
  18. @sidytoffical: What is the name of this effect and how to make in Capcut mobile please
  19. @Radar.123: to the point! Thanks!
  20. @2taktpaule595: love u bro i searching for this a long time

- I made 100+ gaming videos. This is what I learned...: Kind: captions Language: en i have made over a hundred gaming videos in my youtube career to date so today i'm going to consolidate and show you the most important thing that i've learned [Music] intros aside from a good title and a good thumbnail the introduction is the most important part of the video making process good intros can set you up for a lot of success on this platform while bad intros well it's like staring at a brick wall it's my favorite part it's up to you as the editor not only to inform the viewer what they're in for but also to entice them to finish the video now this video whilst mainly being for gaming channels can also be used across any kind of channel on youtube so i implore you keep watching please watch my video the best way for me to teach you this is probably to look at an older video of mine and honestly you can take your pick they're all gonna have this problem which is shitty intros so let's just go with that one that one right there hello hello did you see that yeah that small logo with the blurry background that was my idea of an intro and branding now i know what you're thinking finn my favorite youtuber doesn't have an intro and he's got millions of views every single video well that's because a they suck and b they have an existing audience which they'll just watch anything the creator post and this is the thing we have to earn those views because we're not in that privileged position and also you don't suck step one be inclusive now this is the most important part of the whole process it just overshadows everything that we're going to learn today this is a really easy thing to do and not a lot of you do essentially you want to pretend that you're talking to your desired target audience member now for me that's you the camera i'm pretending that i'm talking to you a single person in my mind who i think is my target audience remember as a creator i want to play my cards in a way which i know that you would appreciate but also keep it within brands so that i'm not selling myself too much because authenticity is important so you know classic first date advice uh just chill the hell out be yourself um stop talking about roblox so much she's not gonna be into that stop so on the flip side to this what you don't wanna do is start a video by just talking to your friends there is nothing worse than when a video starts and the creator's friend is talking about another friend at school who did a fart in class that day and it's the most hilarious thing between these two guys but because you don't know them as an audience member why the hell is that funny that is what i would like to call being exclusive or excluding your audience member and that is the last thing you want to do on the intro of the video number two is introduce these three topics in your video what are you going to do today i'm going gonna build a portal to the nether and how are you gonna do this by going on a dangerous journey for resources and why are you gonna do it to win the love and affection of pokeman my beloved number three is use graphics uh pngs jpegs meme clips throw them about the screen get creative with it now if you haven't seen my last video this was all about animating things like this animating your pngs your custom characters this just makes a way more visually interesting introduction your audience probably won't get bored if you're doing a lot of this and if you mix it with the last step of doing the what how and why then you're golden something i see a lot of is people just doing a voiceover with gaming in the background just a gaming clip maybe it's blurry and it's just a voiceover that is just mind-numbingly boring and i'm not saying that won't work it's just that if you want more of a chance of getting views then maybe try and actually stimulate your audience member and please please don't ask for subs and likes please please please please below god don't ask like and subscribe if you agree number four use lots of sound effects now sound effects can transform an introduction you might not want to do this kind of heavy sound effects throughout the whole video but for the introduction make the effort my top tip for doing this is to imagine that everything is going through really thick air like air that makes noise when you move through it listen i've seen a lot of creators that don't use sound effects in their introductions and it really just takes away that extra sparkle and honestly mix this with a voiceover that's just kind of low mood this is going to sap the energy from the audience like indiana jones the temple of the secret something you know the thing where the face number five be confident now i know this is easier said than done but remember when you're looking at the grand scale of things our timeline on this earth is minuscule and on the timeline of the universe we are but an atom and then on the timeline of when humans have been around in the universe we are but a spec so who gives a if you're enjoying your minecraft gameplay number six is to take inspiration now we know about the what how and why and these different points that we brought up today but now we're going to look at how other channels do it and we're going to bring it into our own we're going to take inspiration from them little things like how they perhaps paste their videos the energy they bring to it if you really like that and you really gel with it and you want your channel to be similar just take small things from it don't copy the whole introduction process but just take ideas most big youtubers who do regular videos all have formulas and this is really the only way that you can do youtube for such a long time like this so i'm gonna link a few channels in the description which have really good intros which i think you can learn something from so go and check them out after this video is finished okay number seven when you're getting happy with how your introduction is shaping up then you're going to want to start thinking about the moments immediately after now these moments are important so many times i have seen channels go from a really great introduction into this kind of gameplay i so we want to jump back a few steps and go back to step number one which is be inclusive still be inclusive even after the introduction is done don't think of the introduction as a thing just debate it and then hook your audience and then just no effort afterwards you want to kind of ease out on the effort you don't want to just suddenly cut off because that's just going to be grating and the audience member will still jump ship our final step number eight is music good music is what's going to separate you from that guy anyone can do a great intro but you get to decide the music and you can make it pretty individual and unique i like to use songs with just a steady beat like this because it just keeps the pace going so yeah maybe don't use this song the amount of times i've heard this song what the hell was that you think you could take my money from me so you're making an intro and you want music that makes you stand out right of course you do the difference between shitty music and quality music in videos is night and day it's literally like this and this now i'm gonna tell you a secret ladies and gents there is a place online that gives you music and that place is not only youtube certified but really easy to use and that place is of course licked licked baby lick my balls these dudes don't only have the best damn music for creators but they also just revamped their website making it way prettier and really really really really really really really really simple to use i mean this thing is prettier than my website damn you fine as hell hey yo uh i think i can get you are you serious my brother ladies and fans take your pick do you want chart-topping hits or do you want something that's more specifically selected for things like gaming videos background music that kind of thing whichever you choose you better use my link in the description you get 50 off your first track i swear to god i won't go so easy on you like i did with this guy i go i'll get you i'll get it did you get how long have you been here well i hope you guys enjoyed the video uh at least a little bit i i think intros are really important if you like the video make sure to drop a like [Applause] gotta i guess i'm gonna get out of here you guys can stay uh i don't care i'm gonna get out of here i'm i'm going see you later ah my head i'm getting the hell out of here this place sucks all right i changed my mind back really wanna

  Top Comments:
  1. @finzar [152 likes]: HELLO!
WEBSITE & PRESETS!: www.storezar.com :_getouttahe:
My big dum dum brain missed my yt members & a couple of patreons on the outro!:
- Tedward
- Stepifiez
- FeneQ
- IFFATOMIC
- Katchrina
- Intuition
- Stoker48

I LOVE YOU GUYS!
  2. @Scythvo [1 likes]: Thanks for this video man. I've been honestly been trying my hardest to become a gaming YouTuber and this video actually kinda gave me a different perspective. Have a blessed day Brodie
  3. @BreezyGaming619: 2:33 this is crazy. I’m currently playing super Mario sunshine with my daughter for her first time. Before this, I haven’t played it in like 20 years! And out of all songs playing in the background, you picked a super Mario sunshine song.. coincidence? Absolutely, but it’s still dope nonetheless! Great video, keep it up
  4. @neronihilo: did bro greenscreen himself onto a greenscreen background???
  5. @tomaszbogdziun591: But bro using clips, memes how about legal rights?
  6. @Fishgardening: That a hell of editing.. I will be there someday for sure! And thz you for the video XD
  7. @mr.dotts...: I know this is pretty much the game winning strategy in today's YouTube market but I really hate that its just jingling keys nonstop for viewers to stay hooked.
  8. @SouperHooper13: got sick watching this video. holy over editing
  9. @mrcrowman1: I'm only 3 minutes in and I love your vibes and hair lol because if my hair would look that good I would throw my hats away damn you dude 😂😂
  10. @lostboykris: what sound is this in the background? 7:40
  11. @lostboykris: Watching you for the first time and this is absolutely funny and I’ve learned a lot to implement in my videos, thanks man.
  12. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  13. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  14. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  15. @CampaignerGamer: Are subtitles important?
  16. @relatable-steve: Did anyone noticed that he looks kinda like George russel(Mercedes f1 driver)
  17. @solosveros-deathgodsright5599: step 1 lie for first half of your video
  18. @YT-CriticalPath69: Thank you man
  19. @NapTimeGamingDad: I started a dad gaming YouTube channel last month. Already got 7 K views and 20 subscribers with only 2 videos and few shorts. Really happy. Thanks for the tips. I wish success for everyone. Keep on grinding.
  20. @SteveHakins: 2026?

- Reaction Videos That Hook Viewers: CapCut Edition: Kind: captions Language: en hello reaction videos like step by step the reaction videos using cap cut app step by step tutorial and [Music] I'm the other side of the screen Hightech subscribe un subscribe subscri side of the screen so guys welcome once again project to react to let you this video this video this is the video reaction another video another video reaction this video this video vide three oh sorry I can see the other one yeah this one about one story this is the is on the Instagram post back to shs we never left so so the first thing like this like this video I added this video this video yeah so after overlay Dr into the beginning of the video this tutorial [Applause] are talking this layer like this one what's up for we are going so firste inre volume like this one so first layer I hope to the days of GS that is never true increasing volume and more increas volume in between the increase volume are going back to the days of Gary you over like this one inre volume oh no my volume volume video wanted to add yes volume volum look like what's up we are going back to the days of G soins that is never true say you are going back to the days of Gary why you back to like we never left so in step by steps so let's play this were we eating pizza before so this volume up to her in between increase the volume E before see let me tell you this time if you try we so SP I hope this is how increas this volume so this is on who use your face to do FL I'm telling you cuz we will not sit for that we videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @SolomonKwekuAtta [1 likes]: Wow❤❤❤ 1:37
  2. @DominicKwaahYeboah: I like your content keep it up 1:45
  3. @Happpynewsroomgh: You are helping us a lot as beginners
  4. @isaactekyi-uf5fr: Wow

- How To Write A Killer YouTube Shorts Script That Is Impossible To Skip: Kind: captions Language: en This video I uploaded got 34 million views, whilst this one only got 30,000. Why? Well, it's all because of the first couple seconds. Your hook is by far the most important part of any YouTube short. And after thousands of hours and billions of views, I finally figured out how to make the perfect intro. I'm going to start by telling you the three most important tips for writing your hook. And then I'll break down each individual sentence in a script. pretty much showing you how important every single second is. The number one most vital part about writing your intro is that you need to get straight to the point. You are literally fighting for attention every time you start a YouTube short because it doesn't require attention for people to watch your video. They just scroll, see it, and they'll only decide to watch you if you've provided enough information for them to stick around to the end. Secondly, everything you write in your intro has to lead up to the payoff of your video. We'll talk about this in a sec, but pretty much every single word I write in my scripts is so calculated to the point that I know it's going to happen in the next 30 seconds, so I can lead them perfectly into it. So, if you don't tease the viewer and really make them interested in what you're saying, these brain rock kids are going to scroll off your video before they even have a chance to watch it. But that's why lastly, it's so important to not add any extra fluff or things that don't contribute to what your video is actually about. The whole point of your short is to make the experience satisfying and good to the viewer. And if you're not giving them what they want, aka the satisfying point of the video where they think, "Okay, I clicked on this and I'm happy." You're going to see your attention dip like this, which is exactly what you don't want in order to make your video go viral and start making you some money. The algorithm can immediately detect when a viewer gets bored from your video. And all it takes is one bad sentence. So that's why I'm about to take you through every sentence of a typical script, one by one, and give you the best advice I know on how to perfect each word. Oh, and at the end, I'm going to get a YouTube shorts expert making over $20,000 a month to critique my advice to see if what I'm about to teach you actually works. I'm pretty confident I will. >> Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Exactly. That's pretty good. That's a good one. >> Like I said, the best hook catches your audience's attention instantly with either super eye-catching visuals or even psychological triggers that can pretty much guarantee they are going to be interested. For example, the reason why this video shown in the intro did so well is because it's extremely controversial. I mean, literally, just watch the first few seconds. >> Have you ever wondered why Asian people have such small eyes? >> At first glance, what's being said in that intro sounds insane, but if you think about it, we're adding a controversial figure in the first couple seconds that almost everybody can recognize. It's interesting. A lot of people will have wondered this before, been too afraid to ask about the topic, but now we're literally giving them permission to be curious about it in a funny and enticing way. Whilst you watch this though, compare it to the video that completely flawed. >> Have you ever experienced a weird feeling that something has already happened before, even though you know it hasn't? >> The concept isn't interesting. The visuals are kind of ass. And at first glance, they should be super obvious why the first video got so many more views than this one. I think an even better example is this video I uploaded on Slam Dunk that got over 12 million views. >> Do you know why Mr. Beast turned down $1 billion? >> The hook is perfect and it's almost guaranteed to catch the viewers's interest. $1 billion is a ton of money and you're immediately left wondering why he declined it. The first sentence's only job is to tell the viewer exactly what they need to know in the most direct way possible. There simply is not a way to give a viewer this information faster, but at the same time, we showed tons of clips of Mr. beast on the screen in super fast pace to give the viewer that visual information as well. The best thing about this Mr. Beast intro as well is that everyone pretty much knows who he is. And so using him as much as possible in the video whilst relating it to the context of what we're talking about is going to get everyone's attention to stay until after the intro. But now that you've got their attention for the first few seconds, what do you actually do now? Not having a good supporting hook is like getting a girl's attention and then having no idea what you're going to say to her. It's just going to be awkward. Trust me, I'm speaking from experience here. So, once you've established what the video is about and actually hooked the viewers into the first couple seconds, you can't let them escape. You've got their minds focused on you, now you need to keep them. You want to subvert the viewers expectations, add context, and make it even more interesting for them than they initially thought it even could be. Overd delivering on view expectations is what make videos go viral. That's why the word clickbait is so famous. You click a video because you think there's going to be something and then there isn't and then you want to click off. But what if you hook the viewer in with something insane, but then make the rest of the video even crazier? In this example, the supporting hook poses two of the most possible reasons as to why Jimmy might have declined so much money. It guesses what the viewer might be thinking, but then tells them they're totally wrong. This sends them into a frenzy of wanting to actually figure out what's going on. And this is the type of psychology that you want to be using in your videos. Don't give them what they want right away. Make them fight for it. Make them think they're right, but they're actually wrong. There's so many tactics you can be using that we're going to get into later. But for now, let's continue. This specific part of the script creates a huge amount of interest as the answer that the majority of people were thinking get completely ruled out. And so now they're left wondering what the reason really is, and they're sure of the fact that it's going to be something that they didn't already know, which is what actually gets them excited. I'm not going to lie, this is psychological manipulation, but it works way too well. You're not just making them curious, you're making them actually feel smart at the same time. You tell them they're wrong, then make them feel as though they need to prove their intelligence by figuring out the real answer and watching to the end. It's addictive, and there's a way to exploit this even more as you go through the video. It's also important to remember that not all videos necessarily need a supporting hook, as sometimes a story is just interesting on its own. One of our most popular videos on Slam Dunk didn't have a supporting hook at all. The concept of a YouTuber going to an unconted tribe just spoke for itself. This YouTuber discovered a forgotten tribe of people and recorded it. Last week, the YouTuber YBS Young Bloodoods uploaded a video called Living on the Forgotten Islands of Vanuatu. >> So, we didn't need to waste time selling the viewer further. So, congratulations. You've got the viewers attention, something 99% of shorts creators will never be able to do. So, don't fumble it. The next few sentences are just as important as this when you set the scene. Going into sentences three and four is super important because this is where all goes into setting your actual scene for your video. At this point in the script, I'll set a timeline or a location. I then go into actually developing the context of the video and slowly lead into the payoff. I'm not the best drawer. This is the best I could do. Please don't get mad. See, in our Mr. Beast video, we said that he went on a podcast and admitted he received a billion dollar offer from a private company. We then quickly explain the details of the offer, adding context to what we just said, saying things like it included all 18 of his channels and all of his companies. There's no real reason to waste time on explaining these details too in depth because the viewers likely already know. And if they don't, they can figure it out from the simple context that you provide them. So don't insult your audience's intelligence by overexlaining really simple things. It won't help your attention and it might actually kill your video. And now in just two more sentences, the viewer pretty much has all the context they need to actually understand the story that you're telling in your YouTube short. And if we did things right, they should actually be even more curious now. But we're not done just yet. We then spend maybe one or two more sentences actually selling the stake of the video, saying that if Mr. Beast accepts the offer, he'd be the world's first YouTube billionaire and the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. So why the hell would he turn it down? This is crucial because now we've just turned curiosity into an investment. It's not just why did he say no anymore. It's why did he give up becoming the youngest self-made billionaire of all time. It's a completely different much stronger type of interest for the exact same topic all because we wrote it in a very specific way. It's basic human psychology for them to now want to keep watching. And you can even slowly tease the viewer and give them hints as to what the payoff might actually be at the end. Or as I actually put it phrased in my course video specifically, edge them, but don't make them come. Yeah, I don't know what the 17-year-old version of me was doing. But it actually works because in this video we did about Mr. Beast's rich janitor, we kept who it was a total mystery until the very end. But whilst teasing it throughout the entire video, saying that the fans loved him, and the comments just kept asking for way more of him. It's possible that the viewers might figure out what the payoff is before it actually happens, but humans want to be 100% right. so bad that most of the times, as long as they're not 100% of the way there, they'll stick to the end to figure it out. It makes a viewer feel like they're actively solving a puzzle and not just passively watching content that doesn't do anything for them, even though it's pretty much the same thing. And that's when in the very last few seconds of the video, you give them exactly what they want. In this case, it was telling the viewers that the janitor was actually Chandler, or in the case of the billion-dollar deal, all we simply said is that he denied it because he thought the offer was too low. all of that buildup, tension, curiosity, and questioning to a very simple payoff that still gives the viewer what they wanted because we answered the question they had been trying to figure out the entire time. Now, the payoff is obviously the most satisfying part of a video, but it needs to be delivered correctly. Don't just drag it out. Get to the point, deliver the answer instantly, and then end the video because the second the viewer gets what they came for, they are clicking off. There is absolutely no reason for them to continue sticking around. But there's actually one more sentence that could skyrocket your engagement and viewership, and that is the call to action. This is quite literally the only time you should ever go off topic in a video, but even then, it's best if you can tie it in. For example, when we would make these Mr. Beast videos, we would say, "Subscribe if you love Chandler," or "Subscribe if you knew who it was the entire time. This way, you're asking them to do something for you that they wouldn't necessarily want to, but because it's tied to the actions that they put into the video themselves, there is a very high chance that they could actually engage and give you what you want, therefore pushing that video out even more. And that in a very digestible form is how to write a perfect script. But what does an actual YouTube Shorts expert think? I hit up a guy making over $30,000 a month posting faceless YouTube shorts who wanted to stay anonymous for this video and sent him a script that I wrote following this exact same framework. So, I'm about to hop on a call with him and see what he rates it. But the catch is he has no idea who I am because I am on a completely fake account. And after I told him who I was, he didn't want his name in the video. But this is what he had to say. >> Yo, can you hear me? >> Yes, sir. >> I mean, it's a pretty good hook, not going to lie. You stating off right off the get getgo to like popular people and you start off by saying that and stating that I show speed hates Mr. Beast. So, you're pretty much creating already uh a plot for the people to make them question, right? And then you continue by stating, "But what could Mr. Beast possibly have done to make the biggest dreamer in the world this mad?" And it's correct. You're pretty much reading the thoughts of the people, right? So, you give a little bit of a context. I feel like you see where you put the5 to$10 million the pretty much the how expensive was the I feel like it would have been better if you would have added that amount more in the beginning maybe possibly even in the hook not even in the hook but you know somewhere in the first 5 seconds of the video. >> Yeah. So saying something like >> I should be hates Mr. Beast over $5 million or something along those lines to kind of just get it in early. >> In the payoff and even in the hook I would have stated something like scamming. I know for a fact whenever you talk about scam, specifically when you talk about Mr. Beast, however unethical it might be, you got attached though to to it. You know, that's the game that we play. >> I think one thing that's good in this script is like the rehooks. So like for example, after the context, we say, "Oh, but how did this situation turn into speed hating Mr. Beast?" >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. You you pretty much remind the people why they're actually on the video to begin with. Exactly. That's pretty good. I like also how you added that. So, at the end, I'm thinking you're trying to do like the loop effect on the video. Is that right? >> Yeah, exactly. One thing as well is I think for the payoff, I wanted to keep it like as short and sweet as possible because after all the context, I just wanted to get straight into what the reason for all of this was because once people get the information that they want, there's no reason for them to be around for a video anymore. >> Exactly. Exactly. That's why the path should always be in the third quarter of the video. So, um yeah, that that would be it to be honest. That would be it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dbittonextra [21 likes]: Claim 60 Done-For-You YouTube Shorts 👉 https://gateway.ytportal.io/framelabs







you clicked read more SUBSCRIBE
  2. @justepicclipz [3 likes]: I won't quit
  3. @CrosswalkToJesus [1 likes]: Thanks for your Killer YouTube Short Script video..can't wait to apply to my channel.
  4. @SpotlightTheory1: Very informative video!❤
  5. @aronguttin1976: Great content, I applied it, and the video performed better than usual.
  6. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice
  7. @DellanoStory: Commenting
  8. @NiMUSIC25: thank you very much hope one day dreammmm come true
  9. @ItsReactRealm: God damn this guy scripts are amazing
  10. @buckybarz3779: Get to the fucking point!
  11. @FurLOL12: Yo. I saw your podcast and it great to see some advice
  12. @PlanMotiff: daniel i like how you put it, but most of those are for faceless, how about struggling artist like me?
  13. @Aryamethod: Man, u have the best video on this topic. This video needs more views, ppl are watching the wrong ppl
  14. @shubniggurath47: Wow, that's an awesome guide. Thank you!
  15. @Rika-shortsz: im tryinggg
  16. @JordanTee-Shorts: Nice one 🎉
  17. @Moneyl1ft: Bro is not trying to copy zack d. films 💀
  18. @ViralDose-05: Great video. This will help me a lot.
  19. @sagacloudnetwork: On Veroosy social blades say $4 - $65
Monthly Estimated Earnings. Where is the rest?
  20. @MagdalenaLopez-j2s: woa

- How to use psychology to hack viewers brains (& make more money): Kind: captions Language: en the best way to grow any business is better content it's a cheat code and the only thing holding you back from making better content is understanding the psychology of how viewers act online so I'm going to break down that psychology show you a bunch of different examples and then show you the Tactical changes that you should make to your content to drive better outcomes now I've used this framework to grow my personal channels from zero to half a million followers in 18 months I've also helped many Brands behind the scenes dramatically level up their content thinking with this same method and it works because it's not some secret formula it's just understanding basic human behavior in the context of social media all marketing boils down to one simple principle can you get the viewer or listener or reader to feel an emotion that will most compel them to take an action so emotion to action that's what we want now not all emotions Trigger action love for example is an extremely strong emotion but it doesn't always trigger an action if you love someone and you see something that makes you of them you may message them but love alone is not closely tied to purchase and purchase is the action we're looking for because if someone would be willing to purchase they're for sure going to sign up for your newsletter or share your thing so we're looking for emotions that drive purchase now there's one emotion above all others that best triggers purchase fear and I'm not talking about chainsaw in the woods type fear I'm talking about foma it's fom's cousin fear of missing anything anytime you watched content and it compelled you to buy subconcious iously you were afraid of missing out or losing something or dying early or not being healthy enough or not being enough or not being cool Etc no matter how long the thread if you pull long enough the subconscious motivation behind almost every purchase is fear let's say you see a piece of content about chocolates and flowers that are on sale for Valentine's Day you have a wife or husband or boyfriend or girlfriend that you buy these for and you may say it wasn't fear I wasn't afraid of them I bought them cuz I love them and yeah that's true you're not afraid of them but deep down you bought them because you were afraid that they wouldn't know how much you cared about them it's the fear of them not knowing that pushed the purchase not the love or even worse for some people in that scenario they'll buy them because they fear their partner will be upset if they don't so to quell that subconscious fear they buy buying the chocolates and flowers is a sign of love but the fear of them not knowing or the fear of them being upset is the reason you purchase let's take another example let's say you see a video about a gut supplement that improves your digestive system so you buy it now why did you buy it it's not because you like taking supplements or even because you want to be healthy it's really because you fear the consequences of being unhealthy and in extreme cases dying so the fear of something is the most potent emotion that you can make a customer feel that will compel them to purchase and this happens on big stages too why do McKenzie Bane and BCG have billion dooll businesses basically telling Executives what they already know because those Executives fear the wrath of their board or their shareholders or their bosses for not having done the research to back that decision it's fear cya now the big question is how do we adjust our content to drive more fear so that purchases go up because the obvious answer is not going to work if you start every piece of content with you're going to die soon or you're going to get fired people will think you're a whack job and they will lose trust and the only thing that can counteract the pull from Fear to buy is the push to not buy from lack of trust so we can't afford to sacrifice trust the art of content and marketing and persuasion and copyrighting is to make someone feel that fear without explicitly saying it so how do we do this the best way is to show an example of someone or something that they relate to experiencing that fear in the same way and making them make the leap so for example let's say you're selling a course about learning how to code a beginner at content may say something like I just made the best course for coding or there's a hundred different modules in my course but most people will look right past that because it doesn't trigger the fear it's highlighting the features and features don't sell fear sells instead better content might be talking about how other Industries are firing a lot of people but the one that isn't is software development this would subconsciously instill the fear that a non-developer might lose their job and so by taking the coding course and becoming a developer they may be able to protect themsel and it doesn't all have to be negative in this way it could play out in every scenario in every industry let's say you launch a new brand of running shoes you may pay cool famous athletes to wear them and you're doing that because it appeals to Runners who are afraid of not being cool this is obviously a very popular Playbook and what most clothing brands do but it's very crowded and easy to see through because so many people do it another angle for shoes might be to say that you are building them for longevity because they're specifically designed to protect your ankles which will appeal to Runners who are afraid of not being able to walk when they're older or arthritis or a number of health conditions this would obviously be a much deeper fear and a smaller audience but way stickier now here's a tactical tip a good way to hide the fear is to bake it into a curiosity loop at the beginning of the content for the foot Paine shoe example you might start content with Nikes being sued for all these Runners injuries or 90% of 80-year-olds can't walk because they wore this brand of shoes the Curiosity Loop of what you're talking about makes people want to hear more and it makes them not think directly about the fear the fear slides to the subconscious but they of course hear it so the framework is step one figure out who your Target customer is that's really key step two figure out what their biggest fears are as a collective step three figure out how to message or show that fear coming to life without expl itly saying it and this Nuance this art is where the gold is but this is only the first half of the equation the second half is showing that your product is the best solve to quell the fear so if someone's afraid of that foot injury and you make a chart showing the percent of injury for every Footwear brand and yours is the best that might be a way to show that your brand is best designed to solve that fear and now this is a really key point on the content side the goal is to establish the fear immediately and then compress the time that it takes to demonstrate the value that your your product could be the solve in other words you want to show that your stuff solves the fear as early as possible in the content you can give lots of other deeper examples throughout the content but you want to demonstrate value as soon as you can now what does this mean let's keep going with the foot pain shoe example if you spend the first 90 seconds of a 2-minute video hammering the foot pain and talking about the injury over and over without demonstrating value it's possible that many viewers that feel this pain will churn before you get to the last 30 seconds talking about the product because it's so intense the fear and pain is so intense they don't want to listen to it but if they know that you have a solve that might be coming later they might stick around that's why the best marketing messaging clearly establishes a fear teases the solve presses on the fear to amplify and then gives the rest of the solve when fear is at a maximum that's the cycle and this Loop works for any product any brand any time any channel it always works so to revisit the full framework step one figure out who your Target customer is step two figure out what their deepest fears are at as a collective step three figure out how to message that fear coming to life without saying it explicitly step four tease the solve for that fear as soon as possible step five amplify the fear and step six demonstrate the solve by now you probably get it but let me show you two examples of me doing this in practice also if you like the way I think about this stuff I write this thing called wavy where I break down viral content and extract the best learnings and Frameworks out of it my goal is to make this like a god tier resource for anybody that makes content mark marketers Founders creators people are loving it if you want it links in the description now for the examples it's important to note that number of views is actually not the most important metric here the most important metric is dollar conversion views Grows by shares dollars Grows by actions it's of course helpful to have views and shares to get more eyes on something if it's optimized but in this video I'm talking about optimizing for dollar conversion I'll make another video in the future talking specifically about the views and just amplifying the number if that's what you're interested in so for conversion this is a good example of a video I made it's about this thing called brick which is a super simple productivity tool that helps you block out apps on your phone for certain periods of time let's watch the first part of this video together ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well this thing just fix that it's called brick and it changed everything for me but before I get into why I just got to say this is not sponsored I'm making this video because the brick has become my single biggest productivity hack what I needed was a way to temporarily disable social media before bed on walks in the gym when I'm working I was at the point where I'd be scrolling for hours without even noticing now this video drove over $10,000 in sales for Brick and only took me 2 hours to make and to break it down first I hammered the paint which is the fear of missing out on life because the phone is controlling you and this was a bit more on the explicit side because I find with short form video the shorter the medium is the more explicit you need to be on hammering the fear because you just don't have as much time to establish with multiple sentences so I try to be pretty explicit in short form videos with long form videos videos and other formats you have a little bit more time to establish that fear now the second sentence well this thing just fixed that it's called brick and it changed everything for me that's creating a curiosity Loop people are like what is that but it's also teasing that I have some solve it's this brick device the third part is me saying what I needed was to temporarily disable social media so this is me pressing on the fear pressing on the pain and then the fourth part is me breaking down how Brick Works and what the solve actually is by the end if someone watched this and they also experienced the pain of scrolling too much and feeling they were missing life this is going to be a perfect solve for them it was an Impulse buy and so it converted highly here's the second example in the same category I actually used this as inspiration for the brick video so the hook is the same this is called The Light phone which is a super minimal zero screen phone where you can't use social media let's watch this video together you ever feel like your phone controls too much of your life well these guys invented the light phone and as soon as I saw it I knew it was a home run the design is super simple intentionally it's meant to give you back control over your dopamine you've got the ability to call and text and a couple other tools like podcast music notes and directions but that's it no social media no anxiety inducing notifications no internet browsing it's a phone as a tool not a Vie the screen is a black and white matte finish like what you see on a Kindle and because of that there's no blue light messing with your eyes or internal clock now these guys didn't pay me to say this but I think I'm going to get one of these it's $2.99 and honestly some weekends I just want to get rid of my iPhone and be more present this is the first thing I've seen that would let me do that while still being able to get around and get in touch with my friends what do you guys think does this resonate or did they take it too far from the mainstream so for the first part I use the same hook here really talking about the fear of missing life fomo of missing life because you're on your phone and then the second part was teasing the solve teasing the phone saying well these guys invented a solve and it's I knew it was going to be a home run the Light phone showing it that's kind of teasing that solve and then in this case the rest of the video was actually me intertwining the amplification of the fear and the solve because short form is so compressed I didn't have a lot of time to show here's the fear you're losing dopamine you're losing control and then separately show the solve so I kind of intertwined it but you can see both of those components here this video got 2.3 million views and I think it crashed their website the team reached out I'm pretty sure it flooded them with orders now it's important to establish that not every piece of content is designed to drive purchase otherwise it would be a pretty uneventful and not fun internet but in my mind every piece of content should be designed to have the viewer take some action whether that's to sign up for a newsletter or to follow or something else if it's a newsletter the fear should be eliciting the fear of not knowing certain information which would make someone subscribe you can either do that by making a video that's so good that it pulls them into your bio looking for other sources of information and subscribing or you can just say if you want to stay up to date follow and that creates that fear that lack of information all right I can talk about this forever I'm going to end the video here thank you guys so much for watching if you like this video you like how I talk about psychology and marketing strategy make sure to like And subscribe and we will see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [3 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Odin.Putra..0 [1 likes]: Please please please please please please please please 🙏🙏🙏🙏 provide this video in Hindi language ❤from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @woxywanders [1 likes]: i hope i can like this video 5x 
This is Gold! Thank you! Just subscribed! Keep it up, Sir!
  4. @senttientt [1 likes]: hey. i wanted to thank you for the incredibly educational content you put out there. you’re truly brilliant, you deserve everything you’ve achieved and more. thank you so much 💙💙
  5. @hanami_bloom: Wow this content is the best. I love the useful knowledge I get.
  6. @HéctorEstrada-t2p4m: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  7. @HumanChaptersHub: very nice
  8. @CJ-jc-d6c: Can you do a gaming focused video on hooks? I’m great at audience retention but I’m god awful at hooking. Specifically for gaming videos. I can hook really well in my music videos but not gaming
  9. @HellavatorGrowup: This is really usefull for me but I really need Persian subtitle
  10. @tropevp33: It is interesting that you use fear to get attention, have you thought other emotions?
  11. @TrungTran-wd3wi: I would like to add that there are two main types of fear, the first is the fear of not being loved (by family, friends), the second is the fear of not having enough (not enough money, not enough health, not enough time), these are the two biggest fears of humans.
  12. @LucasJR7: 8:10
  13. @MilquetoastQT: 3:05 : I don't know, man. Works for Alex Jones 😂
  14. @BOOKED_PROSPERS: 2:36 Well that's half true. 

There is also another huge emotion that compels people to buy that yummy looking candy, or make a bad decision with a pretty girl.

Desire. 

Fear & desire are the 2 most compelling emotions that drive purchase
  15. @X_The_Android: 8:19 "This is NOT sponsored," yet you somehow have access to information of how many Bricks that ""not ad"" sold.
  16. @XBMotivates: Your videos and so helpful. Thank you!
  17. @TheSilentInfluence: You're a GOAT❤
  18. @GatewayintoComics: Hail Thine Inmost Self
  19. @ArtIntel-y1e: amazing
  20. @ajeetyadav1111a: From when I got your Channel i am watching each video of yours one by one ... 07 Done out of 35 ❤❤

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- How to Analyze TikTok Trend Cycles in SECONDS!: Kind: captions Language: en Hey Tik Tockers. Ever wonder why some Tik Tok trends blow up and others disappear overnight? Today I'm going to show you how to analyze a Tik Tok trend cycle so you can jump in before it picks. So let's break down the typical Tik Tok trend cycle into four quick phases. The number one is the emergence. A new sound challenge or format pops up with only a few hundred to a few thousand videos. Tip: Watch smaller creators and hashtag early on. The number two is the growth. The trend starts gaining traction. You'll see it repeatedly for the for you page. Often used in the midsize creators. This best time to join because it's fresh but recognizable. The number three is the peak. Celebrities, brands, and influencers jump in. The trends viral, but it's almost saturated. You can still join but make sure that your version is stand out. And number four is decline. The trend starts feeling overused or cringe. Engagement drops and new trends are already emerging. Use tools like Tik Tok creative center. Trending hashtags and audio stats to monitor which phase a trend is in. And that's how you analyze Tik Tok trend cycle like a pro. If you found this video helpful, hit like, subscribe, and tap that notification bell for more trend strategy tips.

- Trend Phase Cycle Explained | Master Market Movement Like a Pro 📈📉: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hi everyone. Today we'll be talking about the trend phase and cycle. What are the squeeze candles? What is expansion? What is trend? So as you can see this is a daily chart I have created a trend line very clearly visible. The trend line is bearish. So what is the phase? So we generally when the trend is downwards or upwards we calculate the moves as phase. So this is phase one this is phase 2 phase 1 phase 2 phase 1 phase 2 phase one phase 2 phase one phase 2. So when the price is going down in the bearish move, we are currently in the phase two which is nothing but which is nothing but upward move. So downward trend phase two. So in the downward trend the price has tried this trend line 1 2 3 4 four times and the fifth time it has broken the trend line. Can you see this? Yeah. So why there chances of price moving up? Because yeah, can you see this? This is a squeeze candle. This is called a squeeze candle. So the price squeezes here without making much movement. It squeezes for a day, 2 day or 3 days and then starts expanding. Okay. So, if you look here, the price is on a downward trend is on a phase two on a phase two on a daily time frame. If you switch to 4our time frame and we just pick this leg which was the P2 of daily what exactly it says P1, P2, P1, P2, P1 and P2. On a daily P2 leg which is upward move on a 4 hour we are also at the P2 move which is phase one phase 2 phase 1 phase 2 phase 1 phase 2. Okay. Can you see this? Just to clarify again go to daily chart. They're saying it's a downward trend in phase one, phase two on phase two. Phase two is a downward trend pullback move which is slightly on the for some time it is bullish. But if you move to H4 which is a 4hour time frame again on the same leg the same leg your capability again P1 P2 P1 P2 P1 P2 so P2 on upward move it is P2 pull back okay same thing if you do it on 1 Same thing if you do it on 1 hour here only if you go to 1 hour chart. Do the same thing. This is daily upward move. P1 P2 P1 P2 P1 P2. Okay. So P2 on upward move it is P2. Remember one thing that it is going down. That's a P2 move. On daily it is on a move which is on the upward mode and um 1 hour if we talk about 1 hour it is on E2 50 which is downward. So for 4 hour it's also downward move and 1 hour also it's a downward move. So what we are expecting the price to go down and then go up again because it's on a P2 move on daily. So how far the price is going to come down that's what we have to see. to come down to this seven and then go up again. Okay, you can expect the price to come down to this level, take a resistance from here, then move on. I hope uh the trend phase and cycle concept is clear and you're clear that the price is coming on the downward side. You can always go onto your 5 minute chart. You can always go on your five minute chart and start trading based on that. But once the direction bias is clear, you'll know you can trade that. Is it clear? Hope that making sense. So we are seeing we are expecting the price to come down to this level from here. till here and then price is a expected to move up technical if you Okay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GilbertChandter-r4f: Thanks for the analysis! I have a quick question: I have a SafePal wallet with USDT, and I have the seed phrase. (behave today finger ski upon boy assault summer exhaust beauty stereo over). How should I go about transferring them to Binance?

- askSlim Market Week Brief 05/21/26 - Analysis of Financial Markets: Kind: captions Language: en This is the market week stock market brief for Thursday, May 21st, 2026. Yes, it's Thursday. I do this on Thursdays on the weeks that I'm going to be off on Friday. And that's this week. I think you'll love what I have to show you today. Before I move forward, make sure you check out Slim AI. Go to the front page of uh asks.com. Come down over here to the bottom right. You'll see Slim AI. Click on that. You can actually talk to it. It talks in my voice. Ask questions about the markets, uh, anything about trading or investing. It actually won't help you with analysis unless you're a level two, three, or four member. So, if you are, you can go down there and ask Slim about the pre-trade decision filter. That's an amazing layer of intelligence that we have on there, and Slim AI will actually help you walk through your analysis. you can uh uh pose questions to it and it'll require specific information about the uh analysis that you're looking at or you can upload a chart and you can read it and it's just absolutely amazing. So, Slim AI a good way to learn more about us if you're not an Assim member or first time uh member first-time uh visitor just uh go down and uh chat with my virtual twin. This is important information. This tells you about our analysis and about you using thirdparty analysis. Whether it be us or any other site that you get analysis from the important aspect of trade ownership. You must own the trade. That way you can manage the risk and always be sure to consult your own trading advisors and your own trading plan. That's how you stay in line and stay uh well in align with the guidelines that you talk you prepare for your own self on risk. This is a special segment because I'm going to give you a lesson on cycle analysis as I look at Bitcoin. So, I'm going to do both. I'm going to teach you how I start out the analysis and then I'm going to show you multiple time frame analysis looking at what is a positive setup pretty soon and then a more dangerous setup later. And I say that it looks very dangerous to me. So, it's in line with what I said at the beginning of the year. And I'll show you my comments from the beginning of the year and show you how that sets up. So, we're going to start out by looking at a weekly chart in Bitcoin. I often start out uh doing my cycle analysis on the weekly chart. Um it's generally the more dominant time frame that I look at when I do my analysis and I bring in monthly more when I'm doing analysis for our investor hub or investor section. Uh and uh monthlys is what Katie does a lot on uh for investor hub also. She brings in very important cycle analysis also. So if you don't understand our investor hub, you can write to team at askslim.com or you can write to katie asks.com and uh you'll be able to get more information. So let's look now how I start. First thing we're looking at on this chart are well there's two lines and you see one of them is the reversal scout. Now the reversal scout is an assim level four indicator and this is a momentum indicator and it's very valuable for cycle analysis because it gives you a good sense of when the turns are happening or when certain conditions exist uh on uh a specific symbol. So what I this is where I start out basically it's a blank canvas. This is where I start the drawing. Now cycle analysis is an observational type of analysis. very flexible. You look at uh repeating time frames and there's variance in time frames. You look at important levels, but it's it's not specific levels, it's level ranges. And the important thing is understanding the shapes of what you're looking at and the uh how it acts around specific key levels. So that's what I'm going to look for as we build into this. So, the first thing I'm going to look for is the repeated timing that I'm looking for. So, you see these blue arrows that popped into here, and these are where I see significant lows. That's the key where you start out is you're looking for the troughs because cycle analysis is looking at wavelengths or waves from low to low. That's where it's measured. And so I'm looking for levels that, you know, that for uh time frames that show me that there's some repeating distances like the distance between that low and that low are pretty similar. You see that coming out here. This one looks a little long to me, but that's where the low is and this is a little shorter. And then this one is kind of in line right there. So I see that and there's probably another low coming out over here somewhere. So that's what I'm looking at. So now what I want to do is I want to evaluate, you know, from this visual of the identification of the lows that have similar time frames between them. And now what I'm going to do is pull up a cycle bracket tool. This is a drawing tool. Uh and uh what I've done in here now is I've uh brought that in and I'm going to layer that in for you right here. And you see that. So now what I've done is I've used the cycle analysis tool and I can highlight this and it'll tell me well that's 15 bars. 15 bars is the distance on average from these troughs or lows that I'm looking at in here. And you can see there's a reasonable rhythm that is in here that makes some sense. and I'll take you through more analysis uh as we step through more layers that we put onto this canvas that we're looking at. So, it's really an art form. We're really getting a sense for uh the repeating patterns, the repeating time frames, the key levels, and use that for projections, especially using multiple time frames because there's so much information that comes. Let's go here to the next layer and I'm going to put in what are known as Hurst envelopes. Now most of you who do cycle analysis and follow our work, you don't use the envelopes and the the reason is is because I converted that when I was starting to do this analysis. I read the book that JM Hurst uh published uh right around the very late60s or 1970. I read that book in 1975. So here we are 51 years later that I've been doing this work. Actually the first workshop I ever gave on it was in San Francisco in 1978. Uh so uh that's how long uh I've been teaching this uh uh approach to analysis. Now I changed this as I said because these charts get messy when you start enveloping and the same you can get the same message by only using the top line. I call that cycle lines. So, I'm going to show you what it looks like so you get a visual here. There's a lot of lines on there. And when I switch to the way we do the cycle lines, you could see it it it makes the chart less cluttered, but the same information is really there. I also put in these timing lines that you could see right over here, which are essentially pointing to the lows, the real lows. The cycles here that we're looking at are uh giving you the average lengths of the cycle. And this is how they really came out. And there's a normal variance in cycles. You could see some of them are really hitting the cycles very well and some of them are taking the variance where the lows comes. Generally, it's about inside of three bars either direction. That's not important. What's important is that you get the visual energetic movements that you see in here. For example, when this one in here was coming down, you can see it had a very early reversal right in there. And the momentum in here never turned down. So, it showed you a ton of strength right in there. That's an example using the momentum conditions. Also, and I'll talk more about this, you can see the value in the reversal scout because it tells you really when these cycles are moving into rising phases. Uh this is the bottoming phase, the rising phase, the peaking phase, and the declining phase. That's how we look at this. And when a uh uh when something goes up for a long period of time, it only has a little time to move down. You can see that when something goes up for a shorter period of time then it has a longer time to move down. That's some of the basics and what we call uh the configurations or the translation. So this is another layer where it's showing you supports resistances and the important aspect of translations. So you see this right-hand translation that means that the peak came on the right side of the cycle that only leaves a little time to decline. In this case it was a lefthand translation because it rallied made a double top then broke the key low and that said well it's going to fall for all this period of time. You can see that really extremely valuable when the bottom formed in here from the reversal scout. See the top right in here, the bottom right in here, confirming the next rising phase. We would have thought it would hit resistance right over here and then turn down. The probabilities are high that these resistance levels would hold it. But once it gets through the repair level, it tells us the translation is improving and we can look for more bullish conditions. In this case, this cycle completed. You went into the next cycle, made much higher highs. That's the important information you see right over here where this rally or this rising phase was very diminished. There was a downside pressure that you could see was coming that occurred right in here that actually was coming from the monthly chart and I'll show you that. And then it got up here right below the resistance failed broke key support there the cycle low and then pardon me continued weak down in here. So now you could see the cycle we're in is rising and rising for a long period of time. So I'm going to use that information and what I'm going to do is I'm going to move to my regular chart in here on the weekly chart and show you that and you can see how I use this information to project. So this is the uh regular daily uh weekly chart that our members get right here. And you can see in here that well I'm projecting to the downside right over here. Well, why is that? Well, we have right over here a long rally and a corrective period right in here that is due. You can see that the support right over here is similar to where it got down there. So, right now top of that support is around 76,900. The bottom of that support is around 70,900. So somewhere in here it's likely to pull back. You can see in here that the cycle patterns are very clear. The rising phases, the peaking phases, the declining phases. Here you can see a double top occurred in the breakdown. All that valuable information. And you can also see that the uh area in here that we're looking for a pullback goes out to sometime late June or early July. Where do I get that information? Well, if I go to the daily chart, and that's right over here, I can see the same cyclical patterns. They give me information. And I'm looking here on the daily chart. And this daily chart says to me, see this 78.6% warning level and the cycle low right over here at 75130. This is a warning that this is getting downside pressure. The reversal scout over here is turning over and that's showing me downside pressure. And if it breaks under here under that 75130, that will confirm this cycle has peaked and that will mean that it's likely to decline out over here into this late June or early July period. So I have this synchronization of the weekly and daily out here in this late June early July period. That's why I have this pointing over here on the weekly chart over to this late June or early July period. So, this is the beginning of the multiple time frame analysis. How I use this, of course, we're looking at momentum conditions. We're looking at cycle formations. We're looking at support resistance and how it acts during those periods and using the information from the weekly and daily chart with each other. So now what I'm going to do is bring in something else and we're going to look at the monthly condition. So you see this decline right over here that came very was very sharp from 127,000 down over here to 59,000 and change. That was a big decline. Now that you would think if there was a lot of downside pressure like that there was a force working on it. One more thing I want to say before I go. One of the lessons about cycle analysis and what you can learn in the cycle analysis workshop in this show in a few minutes I'll show you how to get a special on that is that cycles work together. In other words, the more powerful momentum influences the the the weaker momentum. In this case, there was a powerful downside momentum. Once this low came and the rally phase come, you see that you got this upward move, but that made a flag. Why did it make a flag? Because the rising phase couldn't not move up sharply because of the downside force that existed in here. Let's look at that downside force. Here's that monthly chart right over here that you can see. And this is the same time frame with that downside force right over there. This brought you into January, February into that decline right there. And now if you look at the cycle analysis here on this chart, you can see there are harmonic families, the dominant and the minor cycle in here that make up 1/3 of the dominant cycle. And you can see how well that aligns. And that's where this trough was due, that bottom right over there. So what did I say at the end of the year? This is what was in the year- end uh uh analysis right there. Uh 2026 ideal cycle phasing the configuration is positive. So in other words, this low right over here was above this low, but it had broken the 78.6%. So that was kind of a warning to me that says the next rally is probably not going to get through support. And what I said said is that there's likely a defi de declining phase into January or maybe into the April weekly, but we know the January made the low. Rising phase follows into Q2 or Q3. That's on this monthly chart. And here it is right over here, just as we we said rising phase. So we're now here in Q2 right now. And Q3 would take it up over here. Now, this is giving you an upward force right over here. But you could see the momentum still very negative. And the likelihood that it gets into the resistance zones over here and then fails. So for now, this is a rally phase, an upward rising phase that you see right over there. But the major cycle alignments call for a big bare market into 2027. And that's why I've had a sense and I've talked about this decline right over here which is the 4-year cycle or the having cycle in here which has been very consistent. You can see in here where the having cycle came in and over here where the having cycle came in. All of those of course are uh the time period when uh miners get paid half as much. And uh this is very likely to bring a very severe decline. And I'm projecting best case down to where this low was about 49,000 into 2027. And of course it could be lower. Right now, we're looking at this rising phase being influenced by this negative momentum on the monthly chart suggesting upside rallies will fail. That's why it's important to use this information as you move into the weekly chart. So, let's extrapolate what we have here. the expectation that the market will rally in this rising phase on the monthly into Q2 or Q3 with negative momentum and not even being able to get to the resistance level. That's my first layer. Looking at that, the next layer is the multiple time frame analysis. As I look at the weekly, the weekly reality right over here and this rising phase is giving me a positive confirmation. In other words, this shape is saying to me it's very likely when this cycle ends, it's going to make the bottom in here and it's going to begin to move up again and test these highs or get above that high. So, that's my projection right there that somewhere in here into late June, let's just say, will finish this correction. And by the way, I'm looking for a stock market decline into the same time frame, late June. And it makes sense there would be alignments with that. So this period right over here into late June that you can see. And then again what I'm looking at is hit coming up to resistance not being able to get through there right now. And that's being affected by the negative momentum that we see here on the monthly and it not even being able to get to resistance there. So you have resistance from the monthly playing on the weekly. It shows you this here. It's, you know, gotten up into the resistance, but still not anywhere near that last cycle peak. Likely to come down over here and move up. And what is the timing for that? Well, I go over to the daily chart. And this daily chart tells me this timing over here somewhere around late June is likely where this weekly low is likely to form. And then we get into the next rising period. So if I extrapolate from that, this is likely to see something like the pattern that you see here. And then when that corrective period is over, these rising phases here in late June or July begin to join up with the next rising phase here in the weekly moving up, which will be fighting the negative conditions that we see here in the monthly. That just tells you that the rally in Bitcoin is very likely to have a hard time moving up. There's probably more near-term rally to come. But then when that's over and you get over here later into this year and into the next year, there's very likely to be a very significant period of decline. Excuse me. That's why I say positive now likely to make upside ground. dangerous later. That is the cycle analysis lesson on Bitcoin and my multiple time frame analysis. Positive now, danger later. Love to hear your comments on what you learned. All right, analysis on the stock market. But first, this is the cycle analysis workshop special. This is just amazing. Throughout the show, I'm going to be teaching cycle analysis and uh this workshop expands on it so much. There are many videos in here. Not only the workshop videos, but uh the videos that are from our tools for tech section. Uh just uh so many of them. Uh core modules, 19 of them, addendums, we've added more than 20 hours of instructions. Um, you would pay thousands for this kind of uh workshop or education from other sites if you could get it on cycle analysis workshop. But we're giving you this special now uh $400 off $897 for an amazing amount of information and study that you'll be able to do on cycle analysis. the way that uh all of our uh analysts on this team uh approach uh market analysis. Uh there's so much that you will learn and you'll never look at charts the same way. This took me two years to write and more than 6 months to produce and you will just be astounded at the value in that. Uh you can uh go to the ask them top of the site, see where it says save $400 on the cycle analysis workshop. You can click on that. It'll give you more information. And if you're a level two, uh, three or four member, uh, you can get an extra $100 off. All you have to do is write to matt ask them.com. Tell them who you are and that you want the cycle analysis workshop. Save $500. That's for members level two, three, and four. If you're not an ASL member, join us and then get that special extra $100 discount. All right, market week brief. Thursday, May 21st, 2026. This is at around noon Eastern time. Well, for the week, the stock index are just churning as investors digest a lot of news. Worsh takes over as the Fed chair and uh we have FOMC minutes that were quite hawkish and the market says there's a at least a 50% probability of a right rate hike coming. It was just some weeks ago we were talking about rate cuts and Worsh does walk into a buzzaw right now of rising interest rates worldwide, high inflation, strong earnings that we're seeing and of course fighting against all of that is President Trump who wants to see lower interest rates. Well, uh, Worsh's path to lower interest rates may be something that is troubling for the president and may take a lot of work before we see him able to get there. Bond market weakness does weigh on risk assets. We've seen several waves of selling in uh gold and other metals and uh that has been uh a maybe a feature this week while the stock market hasn't done all that much, but the bond market certainly has. 30-year at the highest rate since 2007. Wow. You put together all the things that are going on right now with that high interest rate, it's got to be meaningful. Iran, deal or no deal? Well, more rumors were floated and stocks liked it on Wednesday and they had a big upside move of course as they were also anticipating the earnings coming out for Nvidia. That was a big beat but the stock falls. It's typical for Nvidia that you know investors would get ahead of it and they they'd buy the news and then uh when the news came out there was nobody left to buy. So there's a reaction after that and then of course there's the question of capital expenditures on AI and will they able to get a return on their investment. Well, Nvidia is a big winner and those companies that provide chips and structures, they're the ones that are the ones that are benefiting the most. Of course, when you look at the users, uh, and you look at, you know, like Meta, Meta stock has really taken a hit and, uh, the the question is how much do they have to spend, how much more do they have to spend and all of these, uh, projections of, uh, how many hundreds of billions of dollars and trillions of dollars over the next few years, I have a feeling that's not going to come to fruition. At some point, these companies are burning through their cash flows, and they haven't had to borrow a ton of money yet for this, but for the uh amount of projection that we see for capital expenditures and AI out there, it means they're going to have to borrow a lot of money. And of course, there's problems out there with how they're going to borrow money. Rates are higher. Private uh uh companies that loan money to these companies are in a lot of trouble. So, you have to wonder about that. First four days of the week here on Thursday, major indexes narrowly mixed. They have hardly moved. They were down, they bounced up, and now they're pulling back a little bit as we speak. Let's get into the stock market analysis. We're going to look at spy cycle analysis projections. I'm going to break it down for you and uh then we'll look at the market condition monitor, our fabulous app uh that really helps you uh understand the conditions in multiple time frames just depending on what uh time frames you look at, what style of trader you are. There's something there for all styles. So, I'll show you that. So, let's take a look now as we switch over. Well, I'll show you the MCM in a couple minutes. Let's switch over to the charts right over there. And this is SPY weekly on the left. spy daily on the right. And let's uh blow this up right over here. So, the first thing we're going to look at right over here is the weekly chart. Now, there's a lot of lines on here. And some people write to me and say that, well, they can't even make out the charts because there's so much on here. But if you become well attuned to the work that we do, you will understand what I'm presenting here. Uh I want to make sure that you know a lot of people watch just this clip or they scroll forward to get to the stock market analysis do uh watch the special uh piece that I did on Bitcoin uh because that teaches cycle analysis there and I think that's very important and also the cycle analysis workshop piece that I showed. Put that all together and uh you have a great opportunity. Also, I'm going to only show you SPY right now. So, you can watch everything that we do on the futures and indexes, the full index analysis on uh the uh S&P, NASDAQ, NDX, RU, plus bonds, metals, cryptos, foods, uh currencies, all of that uh very available to you in future speak on Wednesday. Avi does an absolutely masterful job looking at all all of those four members, level two, three, and four. All right, let's get into this analysis. Enough of the sales pitch. Here's what we have here. We're looking at on the bottom cycle brackets which tell us the money flows, timing, the important structures that we're going to look for and the messaging from the way these charts form, how they act around specific support resistance. And we use uh uh we get help from our reversal scout that you see right over here on the weekly chart. This blue line, the 34We moving average, which often the cyclical patterns move down to to or up towards. You could see in here where this upturn came right over here. That was where these troughs all bottomed right thereafter. Uh not quite a 10% corrective period in here. I was projecting that the market would not make it to a new high because this cycle right in here made a lower low. That lowers the probability uh probably makes it about uh 70% probability it would not make a new high. 30% that it would. Well, you can see the 30% played out. And you can see as this reversal scalp turned up and the magnitude of the upside advance really accelerated once you got past this all-time high there, the breakout, it really moved up and now into these areas of this 100% monthly fib extension and some other fib extensions right over here. So that's 75 uh4 up here somewhere around there which is a possibility. This uh monthly right over there is at around 747 where it got just slightly through but has been pulling back. So where are we right now? Well, we are in this rising phase on three different cycles that you can see going up. That gives you that strong upward push right there. And then you have the um likelihood that uh this is a broadening pattern that is going to call for some kind of a peak made in here and then a corrective force. So, uh, in the beginning of the year when I had done my analysis, I talked about a period into March that would likely be moving down, a period into June that would likely be moving down, and then another one over here into August that would likely be moving to the downside. We see that right now as the market is stalling, but we don't see any downside here yet as uh that is the likelihood that I was looking at. So that's why I have this slight downside vector right over there pointing to some likelihood that the market would be moving to the downside. Now let's talk more about this analysis because it's really important. This decline right over here. I'm not looking for a huge pullback. It's getting late in this pattern over here. And when I show you the daily charts, you'll see how that sets up. This pattern right over here is strong and it's getting late in this minor cycle as you can see. So that only leaves a little time for pulling back and this does point out into this June time frame for a pullback. The next important thing uh to look at is uh this right over here. The we're coming up to a rare historic period in modern history. There's only two parallels and that is number one midterm elections which almost always bring some significant downside action. I think there's one time in midterm elections in the last 10 when the market actually survived that and a new Fed share. So we have those two things together at the same time. That is significant. When did that happen? Well, 1970, um, Mczznney was and he he was, uh, the Fed chair and he handed it off to to Arthur Burns. That was the time when we saw the 1970 bare market. 1978 was another time when we had that parallel. In other words, both the midterm elections and the uh, new Fed share. And that year was the crash of 78. That was actually my very first massively profitable trading year uh for when the uh crash of 78 came. So that was uh a very good year for me because the market moved and you could see these parallels in here. Now when you look at that, I'm just going to move it out of the way. When I did my year uh and review, I talked about this decline in June. And the way this really lines up is that at some point after June, it will try to rally again. It will peak somewhere in here and then you get some kind of downside action in here. That could be a pretty serious correction into that August to September period. So that's the way that aligns. And of course with what we just said about the historic movements uh in uh the these years and that parallel I think that's a very important thing to be considering. So that is the um historic setup that we see right now and the weekly analysis. This is quite strong. It probably says this correction into June is going to be on the shallow side. uh not 100% sure. It could come down to the support here at 703. I mean that's reasonable. It's not that big of a drop. It would be something like 4 and a half 5%. Not much when you look at that. So that's where the strength is. When I look at the daily chart, and this is very important, this is an extremely telling chart and very strong. So on the weekly chart, if you see that upward momentum very clear on the reversal scout and it pushing up. What you see here on the daily chart are the formations of the cyclical patterns which are very strong. This is a right-hand translation. What does that mean? Well, this cycle right over here um just gave you a a rectangle, tiny little rectangle consolidation because this downward corrective period just could not fight against this strong upward momentum. Note the slim ribbon support right over there. When the slim ribbon is in positive mode, all of these things are green. As you can see, they're open or closed for the candlesticks, but they're green. when it's in negative resistance and the slim ribbon providing that. Then they're in red and you can see that right there. Here's where the option bias indicator tells you how to bias your positions. Here it was negative. There was a bottom warning right there on the button where that turned orange. And here you saw a little one little top warning came right in here. And then this right over here. All they brought you were these tiny little corrections. So you could see the setup here. This is a bullish right-hand translation. This is a bullish right-hand translation riding the upward uh slim ribbon right over here. Our reversal scout which turned up here had no down tick in this little correction area. All of that momentum strong. I'll show you the MCM the market condition monitor and it reflects this. You have out of phase cycles in here because this is the longer cycle that's on the Russell. This is the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ. And you can see right over here where this came into play right there. And uh this uh that doesn't belong there. Let me just get that line out of there. And uh then uh this next period out over here into mid June and that's where I'm talking about that weekly correction is where you get the Russell coming down, the S&P and the NASDAQ all coming down. And that's pretty likely to get you a rally in here that fails. This right over here is the support of that cycle. I didn't put a a label in there yet, but that's at around 732. If you see the spy down below 732, it's going to be a pretty significant warning. That might mean that it aborts this upside uh uh positive phase and then we're going into this corrective period which is going to head down into some support area. That 703 level that we talked about on the weekly chart is right over there. So, this is an important uh period for short-term traders, especially because intermediate or longerterm traders, you're probably not going to adjust positions when you have this kind of a setup. And then the likelihood that after this correction, it's going to be moving up again. That's not where, you know, uh the longer position traders or investors are going to adjust under those conditions. But, uh, short-term traders, this is certainly an opportunity that you see right in here. If it gets under this area around 732, that's going to be the warning that we're in this correction here that aligns for the weekly and the daily pattern. So, very important again, you understand the cycle analysis. Go watch the Bitcoin analysis I did earlier in the show. Uh well, I'll probably post that as a standalone also on YouTube uh in the next few days. So, you'll be able to watch it there and take advantage of our cycle analysis workshop that uh we showed uh this week. Just a great opportunity to learn our style of analysis. So again as you can see looking at the side by side in here a corrective period do out over here which could be shallow reasonable to be somewhere around 5% the same alignment right over here which says very likely to see um the decline coming out into that time frame. Right now we have no indication of that whatsoever. We have only bullish readings of everything we're looking in here. So, I'm anticipating giving you the analysis of what the cyclical patterns and the normal money flows and rhythms are telling me. So, I'm telling you, get the radar on. Look for a little more upside right now. Maybe even testing 750 or a little higher uh before we get uh into this declining period. And then after that, uh, look for this 732 area to give you a signal that the market is ready to go into this corrective period. And for short-term traders, that could be an opportunity. That is a look at my analysis for today on the stock market. Let's switch over now and look at the MCM. The market condition monitor are just fabulous application that you can get a good sense for market condition based on the time frame that you trade. Right now this is now intermediate. So this is the uh uh a market condition monitor the MCM. This is uh uh included in the level three and level four memberships. The only difference is that it the level four membership includes the intraday. The level three membership does not. And of course, always look at our if you're a a a person that cares about the intraday, make sure you find out about our day trader service. It's absolutely fabulous. So, let's take a look here. And this is the four indexes right there. And you can see on the intermediate pattern, that's the uh what we're looking at, right? Uh there intermediate right there is what we're set up. Uh what we have are conditions that are very bullish except for the NASDAQ I'm sorry uh the Russell the Russell has downtick now to neutral. Now the Russell patterns which you can see in the future speak show or if you're a member of course you'll you get those charts you can see that the Russell is is overall setting up in a weaker structure and that's probably leading the way for this corrective period that we see. So um there was a little bit of a down tick here from very bullish to bullish in the Dow. It's a slight weakening that we're seeing right there. Let's look now at the short term and we'll see that the short term well we have similar reads right there as we see the uh the Dow uh is um on the bottom is just slightly bullish and we have neutral uh in the Russell and of course the spy and the QQQ are very bullish. So that's for the short term. Now, if you were, you know, kind of a 2-day, 3-day, 4 day swing trader, you'd be using the uh near-term right over there. And you can see the near-term right over here is not giving you a lot right there because the market has started to move sideways. So, indications of a near-term upside rally that the cyclical patterns are suggesting. Well, we're not seeing that right over here on the indicator. So, here's the short term. Now, let's look at the short-term conditions for the individual stocks. There's hundreds of stocks in here in ETFs. And we'll just look here for the ones that are very bullish on the short term because this is a good overlap for people that are swinging traders or longer term traders. It's kind of right in the middle time frame. And you can see in here as I move down the ones that are giving you very bullish indications of course Micron uh which has exploded ASML uh the semiconductor uh indicator all of those extremely strong as I move down and you can see the ones in here that are very bullish as I click down through here and it's extremely valuable and those are the ones that were very bullish and if I click on trade setup condition again and look at the ones that are very bearish bearish and you can see right there uh that uh Expedia very bearish, Pepsi, uh Lowe's uh a lot of retailers are not looking specifically great. Uh maybe Walmart of course has been a a different case. Carvana, Comcast, McKessan, those are all very bearish when you look at that. Now remember it says very bearish in the short term. That means the setup is that if you want to buy these, well, you're probably premature. Uh, and if you were a short side trader, well, you probably want to execute on that when they give you an entry. That would mean that, you know, somewhere in a rebound and resistance is where you'd want to enter on the short side on these. So, it's uh Arvy does a fantastic job of teaching that. And when you look at his trade ideas and the record that he has in trade ideas, it's mind-boggling how good that is. So he's very good at finding those entry zones and he teaches you that in the trade ideas for uh members. So make sure that you look at that possibility. Ask Slim AI about trade ideas. Okay. So here is uh more of the uh very bearish uh ones that we're looking at. And that's everything I'm going to show you there. So again, market condition monitor uh for our members level three and four. All right, that's it. Uh make sure that you check out our website if you're brand new. Get acquainted. Sign up for the snapshot light. That's free information on the S&P 500 every day. No credit card necessary. That's how you really start to learn what we do on YouTube. Subscribe to the channel. Click the notification bell and like this video. Give it a thumbs up. Follow uh me at asks slim. Any questions you have, write to matt aslim.com. That's it for today. I want you to be so careful cuz it's so crazy out there. And I'm always wishing you great trading. Well, I'm going to do a show and I know all my fans want to learn how to make some dough. I've been cruising up and down for tra each and

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhilipCooper-f9e [1 likes]: One thing I have learned about the stock market is that it is very very manipulated.  It will not let investors know when it go up or down. It will always do the opposite what investors think it might do... If investors can figure out what the market is going to do, companies will go bankruptcy.... So I don't waste my time and energy to bother what the market is going to do...... for me .. Long & short-term trading is generally safer, allowing investors to weather market volatility. I have managed to grow a Portfolio of around 38 bitcoins in the space of a few months in the space of a few months.Thanks again, Austin Alex for the regular updates.
  2. @beepinb412 [1 likes]: 740 next 760 and soon 800 ! BROADENING TOP WIHTOUT RESISTANCE 😂
  3. @jeffy911 [1 likes]: Thank you Slim. It's always good to hear your voice.
  4. @danielpinto2656 [1 likes]: Thx for the quick update Slim. Paid membership services are paying 10x and are playing out well.
  5. @DimitarPliyev-oo8kz [1 likes]: If you were so good at analyzing the markets, you wouldnt chargé money for your course ;)
  6. @deeperthansound9880: 800 Billion has been borrowed for the AI build out from the BIS through shadow banking.
  7. @bztokyo7270: Always curious what Slim thinks about the Bradley model..never really got into that but the model showing trend reversal end of May to June 9th.  I often heard Art Cashin say some strange things about planets and just enjoyed it as spooky astro stuff. Any thoughts and have you ever taken Bradley's model with any serious thought?
  8. @MEreinventedX: Thank you 🙂
  9. @godrulesme8619: Great stuff...thank you!

- Giá vàng duy trì biên độ , Cuba căng thẳng | Wyckoff Method | AKVSA: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome back to AK VSJ's channel. Today is Friday, February 22, 2026. Another week has passed. Today marks the end of the week, and we've had a wonderful week. Yesterday, almost all the stocks we analyzed moved to the levels we were expecting, and each showed a certain reaction. And today, in this joyful and happy atmosphere, we would also like to ask everyone to give us a like and leave a comment to congratulate us on the joy that has come our way . And today is especially a very happy day for me because it's my dad's birthday. Thank you very much everyone. We also got to see some pretty good skits on the market yesterday. We also saw that the Pakistani minister, the mediator, said that he would also be traveling to convey the contents of the brief exchange agreement between the US and Iran. And these negotiations have finally reached their final stage. Last night they announced that the terms of the agreement were basically finalized and would be made public in the next few hours. Then, a little while later this morning, we saw an announcement that he wasn't leaving anymore, and we saw that the price of gold, which had been going down yesterday, suddenly shot up to our waiting zone, then corrected and fell below 28 points, and is currently at 28 points. Then, the price of oil also dropped quite sharply from top to bottom. Everything was fluctuating at that time, and the stock market index soared. We can see that there were many things happening during this period, and we haven't seen Mr. Do Nam Trung say anything yet. Besides that, we also saw that yesterday there was some information on Mr. Trung's page about issues related to the CIA and Cuba, and generally speaking, we saw that there is a CIA in Cuba, but in reality, the CIA is present everywhere. That shouldn't surprise us at all. However, yesterday, US Secretary of State Mar Rubio also leveled very harsh criticisms against the current Cuban government. Later, there was also an interview with Trung on that channel where he mentioned some tendencies related to wanting to interfere in the regime, similar to what happened in Venezuela. So, Cuba is also quite tense. Those are some of the pieces of information and some of the news that happened yesterday. Now let's turn to the market, to the chart, and we see that the SP500 price is moving towards two lows, so we see that this one is a fake high. This chart went through two fake lows, and during this phase, we have two highs overlapping each other, and the price dips down to a very small area below this point and then goes up again. And then this front leg also shows signs of intrusion, and yesterday we saw that the price broke out of the shallow zone during this period, drawing on liquidity and pushing it up. At this stage, we can see that a range could occur at this level from below to above. This is a range we can expect in the future. And whether this range will later interact with the 7k2 region is something we will need to pay attention to. But for now, we also have a growth momentum from the bottom up. Yesterday, the price also increased by more than 100 points from the bottom point below upwards. Turning to US30, yesterday we also saw that the price was at position 2, and it took a long time to form a 2 in this phase, and then it bounced up from there. At the same time, the Rally Bay drop structure at this stage becomes a Rally Bay Drop fail structure. It's become a failed structure, and the current price is approaching the ATH above. Will it be able to knock this ATH out and create a new one? Well, we'll just have to wait for the market to answer that question. This. Then, looking at the Vietnamese stock market index, we also had a contract expiration day, and there was n't a sharp drop or a deep pullback. We noticed that the price closed in a rather sensitive area, precisely in the area where we entered earlier. So, regarding our decisions to buy when the price dips down and then goes up, we also determine that, well, the contract is about to expire . So, it's better to just get out of BE and make things easier for yourself. And now, if we just hold those positions and wait for the exchange to close them, closing at break-even price makes no difference. And one thing we want to emphasize at this stage is that the price in our key area is still holding steady; it hasn't been encroached upon at all. It's also very possible that the price will return here again and bounce up, creating a rally, a bay drop, and if that turns into a failure, we might have an opportunity in the next cycle. And another thing is that as of yesterday, at 1500, there were only nine profitable warrants, meaning they were in the ITM (In-the- Money) state on the market . Of those, Vinhome holds 4 out of 9 rights. VI has 1, VIP has 1, LPB has one, STB has one. And it's worth noting that these warrants will expire within the next four days. We only have one 62-day Vinhome project and one 34-day project, also from Vinhome . And the market might see LPB, we might see STB starting to move to an OTM (Out of the Money) state in the next 4 days, so there will likely be a range, a narrow range for STB and LTB. We see that STB is also quite close to a demand zone, so next week we might have a range that is very suitable for those of you who want to find and trade based on the range and use margin and T+. Hopefully, after next week, we will have some interesting opportunities to see in the market. Turning to Bitcoin, we see that after the price reversed for a while, we've seen some interaction appear, and the price is currently stuck in the R&B zone. This is one of the very important zones we need to pay attention to. And so the price has adjusted from this supply zone above down to below and back to the two-year cycle that created the two. And during this phase, we need to see if there is a recovery or if the price will break through these two lows to create a range; that's what we need to pay attention to in the current period. As for the trend and structure during this period, we still expect the price to climb to levels of 96 to 100, as we all know. We're also in a position at 61, and from that position, we can't do anything either. We'll just have to wait. With the moon in the chart, we'll observe at levels 71-72. When the price corrects downwards, we'll need to break through this support level and then reverse upwards, creating a range. We'll then look for opportunities within that phase. Regarding the oil price, as discussed with you, the price zone above this intermediate bar is a very vulnerable area for intervention. In fact, we saw intervention yesterday when the oil price reached 104, then corrected to 97, before rising again and remaining at 96 for a long time. As you can see, at these points we have a distribution zone within a smaller timeframe, and we have the LPSI at level 102. This is a significant difference compared to previous instances where the price broke out of this upper zone. Previously, we saw the price break out of the upper range for the first time and immediately crash to the lower end without any distribution structure with a specific Vnet size and checkout in that phase. Then the price bounced up and passed through, right? Then the second time we see it, it's a structure that's not entirely clear or specific, but this time we're seeing a fairly clear and specific structure . The only thing we need to note is that this amplitude is a bit smaller than normal. It's a bit smaller than usual, and is this an important factor? After creating this winnet size, this UAS went down below the confirmed level and then there was a PU pullback. And it's possible that today's price will climb above this level and then there will be a downward correction. Regarding the position below, we are asking whether we need to enter a buy order to wipe out all the stocks below at this position? And we're back to a rather funny state in the coming period . We've also had some news regarding a peace agreement, although there hasn't been any confirmation yet. The market is constantly changing, but with what's happening, we can see that BSI Hawaii has sold Chrono, one of the projects they were pursuing. They were nurturing one of Warren Buffett's final strategies before he passed away . That's also one of the things we need to think about, and we suddenly remembered that we don't know if Black Rock will get out of here because Black Rock also holds a fairly large amount of Chevon shares, second only to the Harvey side, and now the Harvey side has sold 35%, so Brock is number one. We'll take a moment to look at it later, okay? And now we see the LPSI, even though it's a small timeframe, it's outside the boundary, right? If it's outside the border, should we stop playing Zing there? Or maybe we should just sit and wait for it to break through? It's also a good idea to get rid of some of the RH, ladies and gentlemen. Let's buy some insurance for ourselves so we can continue this game and have fun. Because right now we're in a position where if the price breaks through this zone, we'll be exiting the oil market. But if we see an opportunity here, why not lose our virginity so we can maintain the game in some way? But if we hold the order while the price range doesn't move, we'll lose fees and a lot of other things. It wasn't very fun either, so it was better to just leave. But that's okay, we'll lose our virginity for a bit so we can anticipate what happens next. That's fun, quite interesting, ladies and gentlemen. Turning to gold, we are still in a downward trend, and yesterday we saw a price surge above the lower 2 level, creating a long lower range below. The price then rebounded downwards, returning to the intermediate zone below, before bouncing back upwards as expected. So let's move on to a slightly more specific picture. So here we have a lower 2 level creating a lower low, and the price surged upwards before returning to this upper zone . We've already made a mark here. The price picked up some liquidity at this price level and went down during this period, so we see that the upward triangle area has liquidity located below this level. Therefore, the price will need to break through the lower zone, return to the previous zone, and move upwards. So, as we can see here, we have a B rally Bay Drop that was successful. After breaking through the two lows created, our zone B is located above this area, and we also had an upward price movement in that zone before pulling back down. So now, the most important thing for us is to have Rob B's rally be a success, right? The price will then return to this position, react a little, and then either dip downwards or not—that's what we need to pay attention to. However, in the context we discussed yesterday, we see that in this upward price movement, we see that this leg is the leg of unliquidity. And with this kind of outburst, the amplitude of this B, the amplitude of this base, will only be within this range below. It's too small to interact with the areas above. Therefore, the possibility of this boundary breaking outwards is quite high. That is, the downward trend passes through and continues, creating a prolonged lower range for us. So this would become lower 2. That probability is higher than the probability of the price breaking upwards. And it's highly likely we'll continue to have a low point in the future. However, in this context, it's moving diagonally, so the downward surges might not feel intense at the bottom, but rather at the core, ladies and gentlemen. It might jerk down here, then slow down, and very likely there will be recovery bursts going back up as it tries to create long, long stretches, and these long, long stretches get shorter and shorter. Yes, it's very likely that will happen in the market, and we already have a price range, and we've also had periods of holding positions. Although, the journey home last night was a bit risky. This section of the road is quite treacherous, ladies and gentlemen. It arrived quite late. But basically, what we had hoped for has given us good things, and we have achieved the necessary positions and resolved the issues. And now, on Rally Bay R, it's very likely that it's going back up, then it's going back up and down. Going back down here, you can see that Rob B's successful rally will likely cause a reaction at these positions, and it might fluctuate up and down, up and down, up and down, up and down, and it will run for a while until it passes this point, then pulls back up, and then it starts to narrow, we see this gap getting shorter, it's very likely that it will create another gap going down below and hold here, you keep holding at those positions. These are the contents we're sending to you today, and today is also the weekend, so we wish you a happy trading day. Please note that with orders held over the week, we should be very cautious and only hold orders that are in a profitable position . That means, given this downward price trend, we'll only hold onto the lot 2 orders for next week. As for those orders that are in the middle of the wave, in the center, we should try to process and put them away today to reduce the risk of a weekly fold. And we also have a rono over contract for gold that will happen next week, sometime in the middle of the week. Therefore, please pay close attention to that. And I wish you all a pleasant time. Hello and see you in the next videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cuku9887 [1 likes]: 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
  2. @infiniterelaxtones [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  3. @ThangHoang-ux3in [1 likes]: Tuyệt vời AKVSA
  4. @xuandennguyen [1 likes]: Cám ơn anh Alon ah
  5. @Định-j8g [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉
  6. @Minhan49 [1 likes]: Have a good day, Sir.
  7. @taiodinh2357 [1 likes]: Comment đầu, tks Aka!😊

- Learning Technical Analysis from Scratch Trend Identification, Market Cycles, and Trading Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. Today we're going to demystify the world of finance a bit and have a comprehensive discussion about something every investor or trader should know: technical analysis. If you've ever seen a stock chart like the one behind me with zigzagging lines and wondered, what the heck does this mean? This video is for you, so I recommend you stay and before continuing I invite you to subscribe to the channel and activate notifications because we are going to continue developing very interesting and productive content that will help you clear any kind of dilemma and start your journey as a trader or as a market agent. Financially, without any problems. Now, in the next few minutes I will explain what technical analysis is, how it works, its key tools, the different market phases, and why it is so popular in financial markets. Very good. It's also important to understand that you do n't need to be an expert to understand it. We all start from scratch and we'll do it step by step. So let's get started. I want to talk to you and bring up an imaginative exercise. Imagine you're in a casino, but instead of dice you're betting on the stock market. Technical analysis is like reading roulette trends, right? It doesn't matter why the ball lands on a number, because that would already be a fundamental analysis, the reason why the ball lands on a specific number, but on the contrary you observe what patterns are repeating and based on the patterns that are repeating you can try to predict the next move of the roulette wheel. So, in simple terms, technical analysis is a method that helps us evaluate and predict the prices of different financial assets. And when I talk about different financial assets, I'm not just talking about stocks, but also currencies, cryptocurrencies , bonds, and various commodities. And all of this is developed through an analysis that is based on historical data of price and volume of transactions carried out in a given period. Therefore, technical analysis is based on the idea that history repeats itself. And when we delve into the study of graphs, we will realize that when we say history repeats itself, we are referring to patterns that tend to repeat themselves over time. Prices move in trends, and we can visually identify those trends . That's for sure. And I'm going to remove our Nish Shimuku, which is one of the tools, as I've mentioned in previous videos, it's one of our favorite indicators on the channel. And going back to the idea, identifying trends is something we can do visually, quickly. What do you think? What kind of trend do we have here? Bearish, bullish, consolidation. There is no positive answer and no negative answer either, because within the trend and what we will delve into a little later, there are all the movements: upward, downward, consolidation, accumulation. But I don't want to get ahead of myself; that comes a little later when we talk about the four phases of the market. We continue then with the fact that, unlike fundamental analysis, technical analysis does not focus on a company's balance sheets or the global economy. technical analysis ignores all of that and focuses on what the market and the price, the price he's talking about, is doing now. It goes up, down, stays the same, and we use charts and math to find buying and selling opportunities. Technical analysis is based on three main pillars, 1, two and three. These three fundamental pillars were proposed by the legendary Charles Down Jones at the end of the 19th century. First, the market discounts everything. All events, news, profits, wars, conflicts, are already reflected in the current price because it is immediate, the price is extremely sensitive and we will realize that, how volatility is in some way the representation of market sentiment. The second fundamental pillar is that prices move in a trend, whether it's bullish going up, bearish going down , sideways, basically in a sideways range, for example, here in this zone, a sideways zone that we could also call a distribution or a zone of stability. And then the third pillar we found is that history repeats itself, the market behaves in a way that... the market behaves like human beings, and to tell the truth, human beings have a tendency to repeat patterns, to develop habits, and those habits or patterns can also be linked to emotions, patterns of fear, of greed. And these two words are very important because fear and greed create or are identified in the market as predictable patterns and cycles. Now, let's give an example. If a price rises consistently, as we can see here, this price is rising consistently, it is likely to continue rising even though there may be some corrections, some drops, but it is very likely that it will continue to grow. And this graph of the Standard Pulse 500 Index is a clear example of this. The PS standard has been growing, I think, over the last 30 or 50 years. This, well, in this graph specifically it is represented from, if we go back in time, from the year 1929, which was the 19th fall, let's say, which was or in fact 29, which was the fall of the so-called Great Depression and from that moment, well, it has been in a constant upward trend, even though, as we mentioned before, we find elements of falls over time, but they are patterns if we notice them too. But let's continue a little with the development we had, or that we were talking about. Three pillars, three fundamental pillars. Secondly, prices move in a trend. And number three, history repeats itself. Now, if a price rises consistently, it is likely that price will continue to rise until something stops it. And that something is called inertia, this is called market inertia. Okay? Now, to understand a little more or to delve a little deeper into the four phases of the market cycle, let's go to this chart. We are going to try to use this chart to our advantage and we are going to start with the first phase of the market which is known as accumulation. And we're going to go to 1900 and we're going to go to 1930. The big players, also known as institutional investors, buy shares in a specific area. Here we are actually going to change to a stock, let's say, uh, Microsoft, Microsoft Corporation. If we go to Microsoft Corporation and look at the daily time frame we will look for the market phases here . Okay? And in the market phases we talk about the first phase being accumulation. Accumulation typically occurs when large players, including so-called institutional investors, banks, and investment funds, discreetly buy shares at low prices. Here, of course, we are analyzing the graph in the past. Therefore, they might say, well, it's very easy to identify or determine when it's an accumulation period, if it's the chart in the past, but at this moment we are educating ourselves a little and clearing up some doubts about the phases of the market. So we continue here and approach this area where we find a sideways movement and find that the price remains within the same range for a substantial period of time . And within that range, large institutional players typically buy shares discreetly at low prices while the market is flat, as we see here. It can also be bearish, but we'll continue with this example. While the market is flat bearish and the volume is low, let's look at the volume to see how much if we compare this chart here, the volume in this area is much higher than in this area, in this range. And we're going to prove it. Later on, when we study volume, or delve into volume, we'll go into a little more detail about what it's about, but to get back to the idea, volume is low and there's fear among retailers. In other words, it means that people, the individuals who go to the market to buy stocks, feel fear and tend not to enter the battle between the so-called buyers and sellers. Then what happens? And here we enter the second phase of the market. We found the way up. Once we have this area here, let's draw it. Once this area here goes from being in a period of accumulation. to break this lateralization. We then enter into part two. This, returning to our topic of the second phase of the market, also known as the ascent, we were saying that the ascent is when, once accumulated, the price begins to rise quite strongly, and here we can see how the price indeed continues, breaks this location and begins to rise quite strongly. Uh, the big players, uh, the big players are starting to attract retail buyers. The upward trend is confirmed by increasing volume. Here we see how the volume is growing, in full growth. And traders, retail traders, or individual retailers who are part of the retail market enter the market with the expectation and intention of running or taking advantage of this price increase to make a profit. Okay? What happens next? We enter the third phase of the market, also known as distribution, which is when we reach a peak. At that peak, the big players, the institutional ones, as we mentioned earlier, begin to sell their positions in the company. Here, institutions start selling Microsoft shares, and who are they selling those shares to? Ah, it usually happens that smart money, which is the money of the market makers or investors, tends to be bought by retail investors. And when that happens, the trend tends to decrease in strength and the distribution phenomenon begins to occur, which is when the big players sell their positions at high prices. For retail enthusiasts, the price stabilizes and fluctuates. It enters a type of lateralization that tends to be shorter, not in all cases, but it tends to be shorter. This is all subjective because it will also depend on the time frame in which we are viewing the graph, but this distribution is what we call the first signs of exhaustion. And at the point of exhaustion we move on to the last phase of our market, also known as the decline or the decline downswing. What happens during this period? The price drops sharply. And here we can see how volume also supports the decline or decrease in price. And the price, as I mentioned earlier, drops sharply when supply exceeds demand. This means that there is a substantial supply of shares being presented to the market and not enough demand, so the price falls abruptly, panic takes hold among retail investors, and the snowball effect occurs, which is evident in the graph as a substantial drop, a substantial price correction. Well , the cycle repeats itself, it reaches a point, in this very particular case, the price reaches the same area where the process began and the situation repeats itself. There is an accumulation, there is again a substantial rise, then there is a distribution. In fact, in this area there is still a steady rise, but in each of these patterns, the same cycles are repeated in a smaller way, if we can put it that way. Here I can show this eguida. And we have accumulation, rise, decline, uh distribution, decline, accumulation, rise, distribution decline, accumulation, rise, distribution Decline, rise and so on. The market cycle repeats itself over and over again. These phases are not linear, as we can see in this Microsoft example. Oh, and they're not 100% linear. We find moments where there are price corrections, meaning distribution and decline. uh that they are not perceived in a linear way. Nor can we say that there are not moments where patterns or cycles tend to correct themselves and exceptions to the rule occur. But normally the market always manifests itself in a cyclical manner. Therefore, technical analysis is a method of constantly identifying opportunities where we find prices in an ascending or descending zone depending on what type of trade you want to carry out. To conclude our video today, I want to give a brief summary of technical analysis. And that summary goes hand in hand with the fact that technical analysis basically works like your compass in the chaotic world of the markets. We already know that it uses historical data, visualizes trends, determines and identifies cycles, and we leverage the identification of the four phases of the market: accumulation, rise, distribution, and decline. And based on the repetition of all those processes and the practice of identifying them, that's when we learn to navigate and find patterns and to enter and be profitable in the financial markets. It's not magic, it doesn't work like magic, it 's not a magic wand, but what is true is that with practical discipline, technical analysis helps and can empower anyone who has enough discipline and passion to enhance their investment decisions and basically become a profitable investor. I believe that if you are a beginner, my best recommendation is to start with a simple chart and begin to identify the trend, learning to identify or observe the chart to know where to find the different market phases, such as accumulation , rise, distribution, and decline. And once you become familiar with the graph, you can move forward and take further steps to add to your graph. Perhaps tools like indicators that allow you to identify what would be called support and resistance levels, price resistance, price support, and so on, and we'll learn and we'll do that together on this channel. Seriously, thank you so much for joining this video, for enjoying it, and for sharing it. Please subscribe to the channel, hit the subscribe button, and turn on notifications so you don't miss any upcoming videos. It's also good, it's also important to let you know that we're going to be, in the near future, starting to do live streaming, we're going to do live streaming of the opening market session of the New York Stock Exchange. We are going to analyze different stocks and different assets during the opening of the New York market at 9:30 in the morning, New York time. The video gets you this far. I send you my greetings. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and see you around. Thank you so much.

- Captain Hook Hates His Name - Studio C: Kind: captions Language: en - Peter, I'm frightened! - Don't worry, Wendy, I'll think of something! - Well, you better think fast, boy, I doubt the crocodiles will be as patient as me! [crew laughter] - You're a coward! A coward and a scoundrel, Captain Hook! Captain: Well, I'm not the one th-- Wait, what did you just call me? - A coward! - No, no, no, no, the thing-- the thing after that. - Uh... Captain Hook. - Captain Hook? [audience laughter] Wow. Okay, um. Ouch? I feel like I have a lot of other really great recognizable qualities. - If you don't let us go, you're gonna be sorry! - I bake! I bake. Bet you didn't know that just by looking at me, did you? I love reading, I volunteer when I can. My favorite band is The Smiths, but no! You've instead decided to attribute my entire physical identity to this. - Just wait 'til Peter gets free, then you'll be sorry, Hook! - Wait, you call me this, too? Is this a universal thing? How long have people been calling me this? - Well isn't that yer name? Hook? - No! It's Johnson! Who told you that my real last name was related to the worst accident of my life? Oh my gosh, that's so mean. - Don't you think you're overreacting? - Overreacting?! I don't call you Peter I-don't-want-to-get-a-real-job McLeggings. Or your girlfriend Dumb British Dress Lad-- I can't think of a good one for you, whatever. - But aren't pirate names often based on appearances? - Do you see him, over there, that terrifying freak of nature? Do you want to know what I call him? - What? - Josh! 'Cause that's his freakin' name! - Okay, well what about One-Eyed Pete? - That's on his birth certificate! That's his actual name! - Me parents was Greek! - His parents, was Greek. Your parents were cruel based on how you're treating other people. - Cruel? You're the one who's about to feed two children to crocodiles. - Oh, give me a break! A child?! You're older than me! You only look young 'cause you keep dousing yourself with magical fairy bath salts. - It's called pixie dust! - Oh, so now we care about what things are actually called. [crash] Josh, I am so sorry. - It's all right, cap'n. - I think you're taking this a little too seriously! - Oh, plus! You did this to me! who cut my hand off, that's like if I hit Greg with a semi truck then called him Greg Roadkill. I don't get to label that, that's Greg's thing! - Okay, all right then! What would you like to be called? - I don't know, I feel like it's weird if I give it to myself. [giggles] It's like, it's a nickname, you know? It's not supposed to... Well I wouldn't mind Captain Handsome. Captain Chiseled Jawline, or something to that effect. - How 'bout, Captain Still-has-one-hand? - Oh no, that's just tempting fate. - How's about, Captain What Who-wears-a-hat-on-his-head And-walks-about-like-so? - Uh, we're closer but no, too pedestrian. Come on, fellas, think. Think. - What about, Captain Guy Liner? - It's true, you do wear a lot of guy liner. - Do I pull it off? Crew: Aye. - I'm Captain Guy Liner! Yes! Yes, I rather like it. All right, Peter, I'm Captain Gu-- And they escaped. Typical. - Don't worry, you'll get 'em next time. - Peter will rue the day he crossed the most ruthless, evil pirate on the seven seas. Captain Guy Liner! Crew: Captain Guy Liner! - Yeah, no, on second thought, maybe we just leave it Hook. [audience applause] - Or, Captain Pirate Face? - Captain Sleeps-with-a-night-light? - No, that's personal. No, stop it. - What about Captain Like, Share & Subscribe? - That's not even, that doesn't even make se-- - Or Captain Comment Below? - That's ridiculous! - Captain Download the BYUtv App For Free For Studio C Episodes And Other Great Shows? - Greg? You just got a raise, I love it! Crew: [haltingly] Three cheers for Captain Download And Other Great Shows!

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioCtv [370 likes]: Watch the full episode here:

https://www.byutv.org/d21faad8-c515-4478-8a5d-e27a95f87c50/studio-c-season-12-episode-3?player-open=true&content-id=d21faad8-c515-4478-8a5d-e27a95f87c50
  2. @traviskenzy3481 [2 likes]: How about he change his name to Captain red since he wears red
  3. @JacksonCurb [1 likes]: This may not be accurate but I heard that it is hinted that Peter Pan has lived in Neverland for 400 years so I don’t know if that’s true just pointing it out due to Hook saying that Peter Pan was older than him
  4. @kuninagako9035 [1 likes]: 2026 this is still great
  5. @ScarletBenoit18DreamEdits: The OUAT reference🤩
  6. @joebolz: Is the actor who plays Peter a boy or a girl.
  7. @cnmusgrove18: I lost it at "oh my God that's so mean" 😅😅😅
  8. @chidmania8485: Just had a horrible feeling Disney would take this opportunity to make a Hook origin movie 😢
  9. @adhvith1: "You see him? Over there  that terrifying freak of nature. D'you know what I call him?... 
JOSH!! CZ THAT'S HIS FREAKING NAME." 
😂🤣
  10. @onetruetroy: Okay, Blues Traveler
  11. @tinkeredbot6063: My names Jeff
  12. @changer_of_ways_999: Wendy looks more manly than Peter.. :/
  13. @skycake2020: What about Captain Hooke? Still Hook but still his choice with an E at the end.
  14. @ZoeOwens-uc4yd: Canonical his name is Captain James Bartholomew Hook.
  15. @Mr.wednesdayallfather: I thought his name was like James or some stupid shit like that
  16. @jareddunn3512: "That'd be like me cutting off your girlfriend's leg, giving her a replacement peg, and naming her Peggy!! How demeaning would that be?! No offense, Josh"

"No offense taken Cap'n"
  17. @rodimusriderv2368: Josh I am so sorry
  18. @N_Riv00: I would just like to say that as someone who has had a difficult time fully connecting with the newer cast members in the same way as the original cast this is one of the best sketches I’ve seen from them. The guy playing Hook especially is just perfect and has the exact kind of energy and timing I would have expected from the original cast. Great sketch and I’m glad to see there actually is potential here.
  19. @jplayzgamez9714: Gregroadkill is actually hilarious ngl
  20. @lowrider993: Captain Red Hat?

- YouTube Shorts: Hooks and Curiosity Loops That Explode Your Views: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube Shorts are the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing. I honestly think vertical is the future, and so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. The worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. Most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing." Shorts need to be their own piece of content. If your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. And so 10 Shorts down, your next Short will pop up. Give free value. Just give free value all the time. And when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. My special guest is a YouTube Shorts expert who helps marketers and entrepreneurs get attention and grow their business with Shorts. His community is called The Reel Creators. He's the founder of HookBomb.com, a tool designed to help your Shorts go viral. And you can find him on YouTube at Creator Rant. John Scott, welcome to the show. How you doing today? Hey. I'm good. Thanks for having me. I'm excited. Cool. So, before we get into YouTube Shorts, tell me a little bit about your journey. How did you get into short-form video? Okay. So I started YouTube about five years ago. Before that, I was in a touring band. I was a band guy. I was a musician. But towards the end of that, I moved to Germany and I kind of started a new life in Germany. And after about six months, I got that creative itch. I wanted to do something, but I didn't know anybody, so music was out of the question. And I started 3D animation, surprisingly. And that's really what got me into YouTube because I wanted to show off my animations and stuff like that. And that's when I started looking into how to get more views, how to get more subscribers, that sort of content. And I started watching people like Tim Schmoyer from Video Creators and vidIQ. And I ended up becoming one of the biggest fans of vidIQ because I was just constantly watching them. And they had this live stream thing that you could submit your videos, and they would review it. But the thing was, it was always like 300 people in there, so the numbers weren't in your favor. And they had a community where you could be priority if you wanted to join the community. It was called Max. They don't have it anymore. So I joined, and I did that for a couple reasons. One, I wanted to get the review, but two, I wanted to get in front of them, maybe make an impression, something like that, and it worked. One of the workers at vidIQ saw my content, and he was starting a new channel, and he asked if I wanted to be the editor for it, and I'm like, "Okay, sweet." His name's Travis. And so I edited some videos for him, and they were really good, really funny. It was a channel called Travis Tries. And we did that for a few months until he said, "Man, vidIQ needs a thumbnail designer." I'm like, "Okay. I'll apply." Long story short, I did get that job, and I was making thumbnails for about three months until they asked, because they knew my editing skills, they asked if I wanted to make my own video about how I went full time on YouTube. And so I did, and people really loved it. They loved the editing of it. And so vidIQ was like, "Well, do you want to make one about editing?" I'm like, "Sure." So it took me about a month, and I made a crazy video about editing. People loved that. And then about a month later, I was a new face for vidIQ. And so I worked there for a couple years, and I had my own side project, which was John Scott. It was a channel with my name, and I did short content on there. I did a lot of experimenting. But eventually I figured out the formula for me, and those started getting millions of views, and I had to put more time into it because it started paying all my bills. When you get millions of views, Shorts can pay your bills. A lot of people will say Shorts isn't worth it for money, but it is if you're good enough. And so that's basically what I did. I quit vidIQ. I left. My last video was, "Hey, I'm leaving, but here's how much Shorts make." And so, yeah, that's basically what happened. I went to the John Scott stuff, and about three months later, I stopped. I was not fulfilled with it because the audience I was appealing to skewed younger. There was a lot of kind of brain rot type comments, and I'm like, "I'm 35. This is not for me." But in my personal community, I was helping a lot of people. I was teaching them how to tell stories and all that stuff. And when they said, "John, your advice made me go viral," that's when I got fulfilled. I'm like, "Oh, I have to chase that dragon." And so I started a channel called Creator Rant, and I'm teaching people how to succeed in the Shorts feed. Awesome. Love that story, and definitely shout out to Tim and the vidIQ crew over there. So, all right. So YouTube Shorts is really your area of domain expertise right now. And there's a lot of people listening right now that perhaps understand TikTok, they understand Instagram, maybe even Facebook, Shorts, Reels. So what is it about YouTube Shorts that you want to explain to all the marketers and creators that are listening right now? What's the benefit? What's the upside specifically to YouTube when it comes to Shorts? Okay. YouTube. Well, YouTube Shorts are honestly the most underutilized tool when it comes to marketing because of just one simple reason. People don't know what they're doing with it. That's the problem. Most business people, most marketers. It's not TikTok, it's not Instagram Reels. Every platform prioritizes their own metrics, their own specific metrics. For Instagram, it's things like sharing because they have the whole seamless DM feature, but YouTube doesn't have that. So YouTube prioritizes watch time. How long can you keep the viewer watching before they swipe away? And the longer you keep them, the better YouTube... feels about you and the more impressions it'll give your video. So, yeah, if you do that well, if you know how to work it, then your shorts, I think this is the most important, that they can build trust, they can build brand loyalty. You have this connection with a viewer. Of course, exposure goes without saying. I just spilled water everywhere. And yeah, for YouTube Shorts, honestly, I think the ROI is exceedingly high. You put in a little bit of work for a 30-second video. That's why I gravitated towards it, because I am a bit of a perfectionist, and I only put in so much work, and then I put it out, and if it fails, then I can just move on to the next thing, and you learn very, very fast. I recommend Pat Flynn's Lean Learning for figuring out how that method whole works. But yeah. I honestly think vertical is the future because of how, I hate to say it, but how addictive it is. And so the better you get at it, the more exposure you're going to have. And honestly, I think vertical is going to get longer. And so the more you learn now, the better you will be in the future. I love it. And folks, remember that YouTube is pure video platform, right? All the other platforms are not just video. You know what I mean? Instagram has images. Well, TikTok might be pure video now that I think of it. I'm not active on that platform. But when you compare it to Instagram, Instagram is not 100% pure play video platform. They were designed from the get-go to be for images, and YouTube was designed from the get-go to be for video. So there are people specifically that go to YouTube to find content exclusively, and the other thing goes without saying is that they are the number two search engine in the world, owned by the number one search engine in the world, Google. So people kind of forget about the fact that this could show up in search, google.com right? So there's a lot of huge advantages, specifically to YouTube and specifically to Shorts. So now that we're drilling into Shorts here now, before we get into some really important things to do to create Shorts that really perform well, is there any groundwork we need to cover? Is there any foundational things that we need to talk about before we get into that? Yeah. I mentioned that they got to know how to do it. They got to know how to work the Shorts feed, and when businesses are focused on the Shorts, they make big mistakes. Okay, so the worst mistake businesses and marketers make with YouTube Shorts is they view it as a promotional tool. It's like something they can use to sell to people, and that's not the right way to go about it. They do that instead of giving value. There is a way to advertise. There's a really good way, but if you do it right, it can go viral, and when you go viral, you have lots of conversions. So it eventually achieves the same goal. But when you start out with that goal in mind and only that goal, it's bad. It's real bad. So basically what happens is businesses will upload their Short, and then it'll get about 1,000 views. This is the seed audience, and then it'll flatline, and then they're like, "Is that it? That's YouTube Shorts?" And so they upload again, and then it flatlines again. And then they do it again, and it flatlines again, and they have no idea why. They have no idea what's going on. And most of the clients that I work with, they have this issue until I point out that, "Hey, people can see right through what you're doing. You're just trying to get them to go to your landing page, or you're just trying to get them to go to your long-form content," which is another big mistake that a lot of people don't realize they're making. They think that Shorts are a trailer, a teaser for bigger things that they can show these people. But the secret is that Shorts viewers don't want to leave the Shorts feed, and YouTube doesn't want them to leave the Shorts feed. And so if you play by YouTube's game, then things will start working out for you. Basically what I'm saying is Shorts need to be their own piece of content. You can't say, "Hey, if you want to learn more, check out my long-form video." All of that, people will not watch. And if you leave something hanging, if you didn't give them entertainment or you didn't give them something to learn, then there's no viewer satisfaction in this Short. And so I'll tell you two examples where this does work, podcasts like this one and live streams. If you use clips from those, they can get people to move over to convert very easily, because say you take a clip from this podcast, you'll clip something that I said that is a piece of value. It's its own video. Without the podcast, it can still survive on its own. It can still get a lot of views, and viewers get value from it. But when people say, "Here's what's going on, here's what my brand represents. Click here to learn more," it's not going to work. That's where you get that flatline. This is where a lot of businesses suffer. I have a good example of this. There is a video I saw yesterday in the Shorts feed. It was a hair product, okay? And it starts out with, it's like a top-down shot of the top of this guy's head, and then a hand comes in with, I think it's a spray can or something like that, or no, it's a can of powder. And so the hand turns over, it pours powder all over his head, it's on his face, and then she pours water on it, and then it's a huge mess. And the hand, I guess maybe it's his wife or whatever, she rubs the top of his head and shows her hand, and it's a gigantic mess. This alone is entertaining. It's chaotic. People are like, "Wow, this is funny." There's a little bit of dopamine in that. And then shortly after, they show another one, and it's nice and smooth. And then it says link in description. And that little part that made the sale was so short. People got it. They're like, "Oh, wow. That's very, very effective." But-They were also entertained. And so there was viewer satisfaction regardless of whether they advertised or not. So there's no ulterior motive if there are two motives, and one of the motives has to be value. And so, yeah, that's really a big mistake a lot of businesses make. They just think, "Oh, I'm trying to move them to my landing page or my long-form videos." But it's like, no, try to make value in the Shorts alone. And this might feel counterintuitive. You might think, well, if I do that then I'll never get sales, and the whole point is conversions. But it's not the case. Google had this research. It was something like seven hours of interaction across 11 touch points over four platforms or something like that. And they said that's how you convert, that's how you get a sale, over that seven hours. And that's just not the case. I just don't believe that that's how it works for YouTube Shorts because of the data that I have. Basically, if your Shorts are good enough, if they provide education, entertainment, people will stay to the end. You'll have a higher watch time, and your retention will tell YouTube, "Hey, this person's worth watching." And so 10 Shorts down as they're scrolling, your next Short will pop up. Or they'll leave eventually, and then next time they come on, YouTube will show one of your Shorts to them. After three Shorts, they choose to go to the long-form, or they choose to figure out what you're talking about, and when it's the viewer's choice, then you've made the sale without even trying. All you got to do is just give free... Alex Hormozi, "Give free value. Just give free value all the time." That's it. You build this reputation, you build this trust, and when you approach YouTube Shorts like that, you will succeed. Love it. Okay. Super cool. And a lot of marketers that are listening right now instinctively probably understand what you're talking about, especially if they create any kind of content at all. The simple philosophy here is that you have to do what the platforms want and what the watchers want, right? The platforms want you to want consumers, viewers, to stay to the end of the video. Well, if you start doing direct marketing, they're not going to stay to the end of the video, therefore, your views are not going to be seen. That's the platform desire. And when you layer in what do consumers want, well, they didn't come into the Shorts feed to be sold necessarily. They know when a commercial pops up, and my guess is commercials do pop up in between the Shorts, right? And it's pretty obvious it's a commercial. But when they're watching the non-commercial Shorts, they're intentionally looking to either learn something or to be entertained. Therefore, if you can leverage that concept and you can do it in the right way, it's free advertising effectively, right? And this is what we're going to talk about today. I would rather create content that is shown to my target audience for free over and over again than have to pay. So that's really what we're here to talk about today. So thank you for setting up all this foundation. And here's what I heard you say so far. Number one, don't view it as a promo tool. Focus on value. Number two, do not try to push people to long-form content unless you've got some value you can extract from long-form content and it can stand on its own. Yeah. And the key thing is every Short should stand alone, meaning it should be good enough that it does not require them to have to go to something else. Right. It's like a little movie, for lack of better words. And focus on entertaining and focus on learning. What do those do? So now, given all this foundation that you've set, how do we actually begin? Because there is some kind of magic, if you will, or secret wisdom that you have learned, having done a lot of this. So share with us kind of where we start. Okay. All right. Let me preface this by saying the two most powerful weapons in your marketing arsenal, especially for short-form content, are observation, which is what works and why, and then perspective. If you can see like the viewer, the consumer, the target audience, you're golden. That's it. Those are the two things. So we'll get to perspective here in a bit, but let's start with observation. This is my bread and butter. This is what I love to do. So this is without a doubt the easiest way to go viral with short-form content. I see it all the time. I see it every day. I help my clients. I help my creators, and I don't make the claim lightly because reputation means everything now, especially in the age of AI. If you are focused on building trust and loyalty, the know, like, and trust factor, then you're going to win from 2026 and on. So here's step one to going viral on the Shorts feed. All right. This is going to be really, really simple, and once you get really good at it, then you don't even have to follow this. You just start doing it automatically. You guys are marketers. You know how to look at the world from the perspective of the viewer. You see a billboard, you don't see what it says, you see what other people see. And so go and find a viral video. It can be in your niche or it can not be. I'll cover where to look here in a minute. But go find the viral video and just observe it. You're going to break it down into three categories. A, audio, V, visual, and T, text. Now, a lot of people will say, "All right, audio is whatever you hear." That's not the case. I disagree. It's whatever you hear that makes you curious. V is for visual. What you see that makes you want to stay to the end. And text, what you read that makes you want to stay to the end. Subtitles are not a text hook. Subtitles are just there to provide a little bit of back-and-forth engagement. So, let's say you find a... I got an example. Okay, these are the top three... businesses with the lowest failure rate. All right, so that is the audio hook. Once you hear that, you stay to the end because you want to know the third one. Listicles work really well. But, so when you hear that audio hook, you think, "All right, how can I apply this to my niche?" Maybe you're not even in the business niche. Maybe you're like me, maybe you're a shorts guru guy. And so, you've got to break that down, like these are the top three. He said businesses, so I would say niche-related item or category. And then he said, "With the lowest failure rate," I would say, "With the extreme important detail." So- Okay. Just so for the record, you found a viral video at this point, right? I'm just- Yeah ... I'm just summarizing what was done. You found a viral video that you found that had a lot of views and you're like, "Okay, there's something here. I want to model this." And what the person said at the very beginning is, "These are the top three businesses with the lowest failure rate." But now you're saying, "This is how I could reverse engineer this." And you said these are the top three, what did you say again? For you? So, the way that you reverse engineer it is you replace all the main words with just generalized terms. I see. I break it down that way so I can give it to all different types of niches, and then they can replace it. So mine would be, "These are the top three shorts niches with the highest payout." I- He said, "Lowest failure rate," I would say, "Highest payout." Got it. Okay. I'm following. Keep going. Okay. And then with that specific example, I remember he was holding up money. He was holding up 100 bucks or something like that, and he was standing in front of a Bugatti. I don't know. I'm terrible with cars. And so when I look at that as a viewer, not just me trying to be entertained, but what keeps the viewer? Does that visual keep them to the end? Well, yeah, because money and expensive car creates credibility. Like, okay, this guy has authority in the space, so I'm hooked. Right? And so in my case, I would probably just hold up my YouTube play buttons because that gives me credibility. People don't know who I am, so what can they visually see that they can just connect those dots without me saying it out loud? Hmm. And so that's how I broke down the visual hook. We'll go through some more examples here in a bit. But the problem with this particular example is there was no text hook. There were subtitles, but there was no text hook. Mm. I'm going to throw a different example at you. By the way, when you break these down, you don't have to have all three. You can just have one. Okay? So give me a profession, any profession. Let's say they are a marketer. A marketer. You want something more precise? I mean, I could- No ... We could get more precise. We could say somebody who sells consulting services to aspiring entrepreneurs, if you want to. Okay. Okay. We'll just say marketer because- Yeah. That's easier ... it'll just speed it up. Okay. So, let's just do one short with only a text hook. And this is pretty simple. You say, all right, "What marketers say to their clients versus what they want to say." That's all the text says, and so the first thing they say is something nice. But then the viewer has to stick around because their true feelings are about to come out. And so this text hook has created this curiosity, and people stay to the end because they want to know why. There's a lot of things people want to say to their clients, but they don't because they're human and they want to be nice. And so, this marketing profession, what they say to their clients versus what they want to say is just a solid example of a text hook working on its own. So yeah. I have some examples that are all three, but we- Yeah. Let me ask some clarifying questions here. Just- Sure ... to help everybody out. So we are focusing on hooks, and that is the piece that might be confusing people because we didn't state that at the beginning. So we're on the hook section of the video, and why don't you just back up a little bit and explain why the heck the hook matters so much? Because you've already told us there's an audio, visual, and text component to this thing. But back up a little bit and explain why the hook matters so much when it comes to shorts. Absolutely. That's the curse of knowledge coming out right there. Sometimes I'll get into it, assuming people already know what I'm talking about. Okay. So hooks are super important. Hooks are basically the secret sauce of what makes short-form content work. Hooks create curiosity. So, there are three different types of hooks. There's audio, visual, and text. And their whole purpose is to get you to stay maybe to the end, depending on how long the curiosity loop is, but we'll get into that here in a bit. But yeah, the hook just keeps you, it grabs you, and it says, "Hey, there's more coming." That's it. That's all the hook does. How long is the hook typically with a YouTube Short? It can be anywhere from one second to five, seven seconds, something like that. Okay. Got it. So here's what we know so far. The hook is the most important thing to get them to watch to the end of the video. And so far, you have mentioned that there are audio hooks, which in your examples have been spoken words. Okay? There are visual hooks, which you talked about this car and money, and we can talk about some other examples of visual hooks. And then the text hooks, we really haven't gotten into yet. So, maybe give us an example of one that how all three of these things can play together. And then also let's talk about any tips that people have to, once they find a really good video and they reverse engineer what the hooks are like, any tips on how they could apply it to their business? Sure. So, the one text hook was the profession thing. That one was, it's usually an easy go-to to just say, "Hey, here's something that will work for everybody." If I say, what profession says to their clients versus what they want to say, or you could say what I say to my parents versus what I want to say or I say- So this is on the screen while you're talking, and it's exactly the same as the spoken word? Yeah. But what you actually say in that one isn't the hook, though. You're just kind of fulfilling the requirement that you set with the text hook. So, the key to a text hook is it's text that sits on screen that sets the plot, basically. And it can stay up the whole time or it can disappear after a short time. But it's not what you're saying out loud, it's like the subtext to the situation you're seeing. Oh, I see. So in this particular situation, this might be a marketer interacting with a client, right? And you're just beginning to watch the interaction, but you're seeing these words on the screen that actually signal that what is happening here is not what it seems. Is that effectively what I'm hearing you say? Correct. So, remember the guy with the hair thing, the example I said? Right. Yeah There was a text hook on that example. It said, "How it's going versus." That's all it said. And so you see all this craziness. The visual hook is already strong enough. You know something else is coming, but you definitely know something else is coming because of that little versus on the text hook. So all it says is, "How it's going versus..." Or, I can't remember. How it went versus how it's going, something like that. Or how it started versus, that's what it was. How it started versus, and then you're like, "Okay, where's the how it's going?" And then how it's going. And say you're in a pet niche, how it started, it's just a cat, nice and cuddly, a cat being cute, and then versus, and then it has the how it's going part, which the text hook changes to how it's going. And it's the cat just going crazy with the zoomies, tearing things up. It sets an expectation that something is coming. Audio, visual, text, these are all different layers that are part of the hook that can technically hook together. Pardon the pun. So, do you find one is more important than the other? No. I recently made a video specifically on text hooks because I don't think they get utilized enough, and I dropped 15 of them. I said, "Here, you can use all these," and they're already working for people. But I don't think any of them is more important than the others because they all equally get hundreds of millions of views. From my data and the tool that I made, it's all the same. Some of them are just only text hooks. Some of them are a little bit of a combination. Maybe one is only a visual hook. It all works. When we were prepping, you said you had an example of Roblox. Maybe you can share a little bit of that story. Okay, so I have a tool that kind of does this stuff for you, and one of the biggest wins for this tool was somebody found a hook in the Roblox niche. The hook starts out, I'll just paint the picture here. It starts out with a character walking. It's a Roblox character. For those that don't know, Roblox is a game that kind of looks like Legos, but it's a video game. And so you got this Lego-looking character walking, and the audio hook is, "I just found this dark secret in this Roblox game," or, "I just found a dark secret in this Roblox game." So, what this person did, they ended up getting eight times as many views as that example, which went from one million to eight million. So, they got eight million views using that hook. The hook itself is, I just found a extreme secret in niche. So, I think their hook was, I just found this hidden secret in this... or I just found a hidden secret in this optical illusion. And that's all it was. And then they went on to explain what the secret was, just like the original Roblox example went on to explain what the secret was that they found. Ah, okay. I love it. Okay, anything else on hooks before we get to the curiosity loops thing that you kind of hinted at a little bit? No. We can just go ahead and move on. All right. Let's go. Yeah. Let's hook- ... curiosity loop, so why don't you kind of explain what that means. I know maybe we could deduce what it means, but let's talk about what it is and why it matters, and then let's dig in on it. Sure. So once you understand how to break down hooks, you can observe all the shorts and know how to break them down into audio, visual, and text. You can start looking for the angles, like the most important, I don't know, the most dynamic or funny angle that will make people the most curious about what will happen towards the end. And that's basically just storytelling. So, when you have a hook, you open up a curiosity loop. And a curiosity loop is just an open question. They think, "Okay, well, what's going to happen," right? Just like somebody has a text hook that says how it started versus, and then that's it. They're going to be like, "Okay, well, versus what? How's it going? What's going to happen next?" And so until that question gets answered, the curiosity loop is opened. Real quick- ... do you feel like this is a psychological thing that kind of... Because if you watch some really good TV shows where they kind of end on a tease of what's going to happen next, you kind of feel like you have to keep watching, right? Isn't it kind of the same concept? Absolutely. That is the longest curiosity loop you can create. It's awful. Like, okay, great, now I have an open curiosity loop until next week- Right ... when the new one airs. And so yeah. Essentially, that's just the same thing. Got it. Okay. So, how in the world do we create a curiosity loop? Well, hooks, basically. That's the way I do it. There are two ways you can do this, in my opinion. You can go and you can find examples and break them down and figure out, "Okay, what can I do this for my niche?" Which is basically what my tool does. Or you can look at what you already want to talk about. Maybe a situation happened and you think, "All right, how can I make people curious about this? What happened at the end of this story, and how can I preface it to lead people to that part?" So how do I make them curious about it? And that's where you find the angle. So let me just give you an example. Yeah, let's hear it. And I'm going to go on a little bit of a rant here because one of the worst things that people do in this situation is they don't know how to appeal to a layman. And I'm just saying that most people in the shorts feed aren't specialists, and you don't have to talk to them like one. You guys are all marketers. You know that you have to simplify your language to create good copy. So, just going back, before I understood this, I never got more than 1,000 views, ever. But then I learned how to break down storytelling, and this is what took off for me. This is how I got over 350 million views on the John Scott channel. So, to be clear, let me just give you the example. I have this real estate client, and they understand how to tell stories. They understand that a story is basically just a conflict and a resolution. That's it. You bring up the stakes. These are the conflicts. Here's my bad situation. Here's how I'm going to solve it. And so they start talking about the marketing and the numbers, and how them and their client overcame this and sold a house or whatever. And I'm just like, "This is too confusing for the shorts feed." Nobody cares about this. The layman is lost because they don't understand your marketing jargon, your real estate jargon. But what they can understand is something as simple as your yard sign. And they had this story about a yard sign that kept getting ripped up, and she overcame that. And the way that she overcame it is she bought a stronger tool to dig them deeper, so it was very difficult to rip them out. And that sounds like a boring story. My signs were getting ripped out, so I bought a tool, and now I can bury them deeper. The end. Right? It's a story, sure. It's a crappy story. So what I told them is, "Somebody keeps ripping my for sale signs out of the yards." All right, there's the conflict. It's a hook, almost. But then I bought a baseball bat. All right, now it's a hook. And it's like, okay, the viewer is like, "Whoa, what does that have to do with this?" And so the baseball bat, in essence, in the end, she can use the baseball bat to hit it down, and that's a funny punchline that's a good twist at the end. But you opening it up by saying, "Okay, here's my conflict. Here's this crazy thing that I did that adds on to this crazy story that is unexpected," I really just think it works. And so the layman understands yard sign, they understand baseball bat, they understand that the two don't really have anything to do together, and so they have to stick around to the end. And the way that I got this was from my most viral video. I'll explain the story, and then I'll explain the angle of the story. So the story is there's this salesman in China, I think. He was a food vendor, and nobody was buying his food. And so he takes an iPhone, and he glues it to the ground, and people, they start trying to pick it up. I saw that video, yeah. Yeah. It was a very popular video. I might have missed it on your channel, actually. Yeah, maybe. So people, they bend down to try to pick this up, and then they can't because it's glued to the ground, and so they're stuck in front of the vendor. And maybe there's some awkward situation where they're like, "Oh, I don't know. I just dropped something," and they leave. Or maybe they stick around, and because it's so awkward, they buy something. So the way that I frame that story is I saw the angle. The angle of it, the weirdest part about the whole story, the thing that creates the most curiosity is the cell phone. It has nothing to do with a food vendor not being able to sell anything. So I said, "This guy couldn't sell." I turned it into a hotdog stand for the story. But nobody was buying this guy's food, so he glued an iPhone to the ground. And that's it. Now, those two things have nothing to do with each other, but it creates a lot of curiosity. People have to stick around to the end to find out why. And so that was the angle. That was the one thing I knew that would create the most curiosity, and so I front-loaded that and it led them to the end. That's kind of how I frame these stories. I believe you created an animation out of this one, if I'm not mistaken, because that's how you got started doing these animations. Is that correct? Yes. Kind of a 3D animation. So in this particular case, did you model another video that you had heard somewhere, or did you actually just decide to take the story and create a new version of it through animation? I'm just curious what you did there. I saw the original story. There was a viral video. All it was was somebody's recording of a iPhone glued to the ground in front of a stand, and people kept trying to pick it up. And that was it. They would drop something to try to pick it up. But you added a story layer to it, which is something happening in front of the phone. Yeah. And also the twist where people now have to pay for their food and stuff like that, that was all me. So yeah, I just added, or them dropping the dollar, and then going to pick it up to pretend. This was all tension-building. It had nothing to do with the original story. And so, yeah. Interesting. Okay, so we're on curiosity loops right now, and we're getting into storytelling a little bit, but curiosity loops are the combination-At least the way we've been talking a bit about things that don't seem to naturally go together. So for example, the yard sign being ripped out and her buying a baseball bat. Immediately, your brain goes to, she's going to sit in her car with the baseball bat and attack the person who takes the sign out, right? Which creates that tension. At least that's where my brain went. And in the particular case of the glued down cell phone, like what goes into your brain is, why would anybody buy a cell phone and glue it down? It makes absolutely no sense at all, right? But there is a creative marketing twist to it, right? So whenever you see two things that seem to not go together, that can create curiosity. That's not the only way to create curiosity, I'm guessing. Do you have any other ways that curiosity is created, beyond just two things that don't seem to go together? Yeah. So that's definitely not the only way to tell a story. It's just one really great way to create curiosity is to combine two things. Subverting expectations, for sure. But let's say we have an example. I wish I knew this before I built my- Ah, ah, yeah ... gardening thing, right? And so that's a great way to start, but then you follow up a story. I wish I knew this before I did niche activity. And so why do you wish you knew that? Like we can connect the dots, something bad happened. Like there was a conflict or there was an obstacle, and this is going to warn me not to meet that obstacle. And so yeah, you build it up. You say, "Okay, so the other day I was doing this, and I was trying to achieve blah, blah, blah." But, now you have a but. And there is the problem, the stakes, the obstacle. And so, but this got in my way, so, or therefore, it's a but therefore storytelling technique that's the most popular way. Love it. Yeah. So, I tried this thing and then it kind of went along, but, and there's another one. So you have this like, I don't know, roller coaster of- Yeah. Yeah ... obstacles. Every but opens up a new conflict potentially, right? Yep. So this is intriguing. So we're talking about curiosity loops, and we've mostly been talking about how to open the curiosity loop. Give us some tips on how to close it. I always like to end on a punchline or a twist. I like to subvert expectations just a tiny bit, but that's more like you're telling stories for entertainment, right? Whereas if you're doing education, you might want to end on the epiphany, the great piece of value, the information that you can give. So that's the way I usually approach it. But when you end it, there's a mistake that a lot of marketers make is that they will try to push people, or they'll try to deliberately get people to comment, subscribe, like, or whatever. And I don't think that that's a good idea. I think that that ruins the story, honestly. I think if people do it on their own, then you end up with a lot more engagement. And so, that's just a trap that I wouldn't recommend falling into. Love it. On to the storytelling thing, which we're interconnecting all these things together, but we've started this interview talking about hooks. Then we got into curiosity loops, and we've started to talk about storytelling. Do we always have to tell a story in every one of our Shorts? Do they not work if there is no story? Tell me a little bit about storytelling. I think the word is almost intimidating. People get caught in a trap of they have to do it a certain way. Storytelling is basically just obstacle solution. So anything can be a story, right? Like the very original example, guy has mess all over his head. Here's the solution, it's my product, right? Here's an example. There's this 3D printer guy, and he has all these comments popping up trying to improve his 3D printed product. And then he starts showing version one, here's the problem, there's the conflict. Version two, problem. Version three, problem. And you're just hooked. You wonder what the next problem is. That's it. And so, does that fit in the normal storytelling, the problem, conflict, resolution, whatever, like falling action? No, it doesn't. It doesn't fit this word that a lot of people expect to fulfill. They have to do this. So I think storytelling is essentially, you need to simplify the idea of storytelling, and I think that'll help you out a lot more. And eventually the guy, his product, did it pass eventually? Was it a great version of a product or was it worse? I don't know. But there has to be some sort of solution at the end, right? There has to be some sort of resolution. If it was worse, you end on a joke. If it was solved and it was better, then people feel that satisfaction anyway. So yeah, that's one example that doesn't go with the man in hole type story, where here's how it starts, here's problem, here's how I solved it. It's like a lot more and it's back to back. And so there's not a whole lot of tension built up. It's just problem, resolution, problem, resolution. You mentioned at the beginning that there are two things, observation and perspective. And observation, if I'm not mistaken, is really observing what others have done that are successful and reverse engineering what exactly you could do. Is perspective something we've addressed? Do we need to talk about that at all? Yeah, so this whole thing, storytelling is perspective. for instance, when theWhen the real estate agent wanted to say all these things, you have to approach this story from a mindset of a very young person that isn't necessarily interested in your profession, right? You want to entertain them, and when you do that, you make a connection. I'll give you an example. Jefferson Fisher, he is this guy on Instagram, and he tells people how to handle conflict. He gives tips. All he does is he just sits in his car and he says, "Okay, if somebody treats you this way, here's how to address it." It's just very personable. It's just him with his phone, authentic, right? And he makes a ton of these, and Jefferson Fisher is actually one of the top attorneys now in Texas because of this stuff. But he never said anything about being an attorney. His target audience wasn't people that needed attorneys, but in turn, for all this know, like, and trust factor that he built from that, he became the biggest attorney. And so he focused on making content that related to anybody and everybody. And so when you approach it with observation, your perspective of any type of viewer, and you can make that connection, you end up like Jefferson Fisher. Love it. All right, John. We have just scratched the surface of that brain of yours. So if people want to check you out or connect with you on the socials, where do you want them to go? And if they're interested in possibly working with you or joining your community or whatever, where do you want to send them? Okay, so the reverse engineering of all these viral videos, it's hookbomb.com. Basically, I have a ton of videos on there. I'm aiming to get up to a thousand here in the next month or so. But yeah, hit hookbomb.com. All that work can be done for you. If you're looking for me, there's a channel called Creator Rant where I break down these hooks, and I do live streams every Monday and Friday where people submit their shorts, and I tell them why they suck or why they're good. And so yeah, if you're looking for other stuff I've done, all of my backlog of YouTube information, because I was not only a shorts expert, you can go to shorts.expert. I got it because the domain. Awesome. Thank you, John Scott, so much for coming on and sharing your wisdom with us today. Hey, thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @COIFISHGAMING [3 likes]: Nice one John
  2. @StoriesByWill [2 likes]: The knowledge I’ve learnt from John and his community is crazy! The best part about the community is the fact that everyone has knowledge on all aspects of content creation and business so you can get advice on anything!
  3. @BigMayoNation [2 likes]: This gives me a whole new perspective on shorts.
  4. @SouthboundDownTown [2 likes]: Love John ❤❤❤
  5. @neilbaboolal9990 [2 likes]: Great insights
  6. @TrevorNoirCars [2 likes]: the perfect solution
  7. @SocialMediaExaminer [1 likes]: 🎬🤳 Discover specific strategic tips from two seasoned experts to help you grow your audience and drive business results with short-form video on YouTube and Instagram. https://youtu.be/YlwmegegJBs?si=4NsiVyEed3qEcG7D
  8. @Valley_q [1 likes]: W interview
  9. @JohnnyBeane: Thank you guys!
  10. @SilverFoxForestsDesigns: John sent me here im so glad he did
  11. @Superficial2: I always love hearing john, the fresh perspectives he gives are immensely valuable ❤ (rip play button lol)

- How Much YouTube Paid Me For 54 Million USA Shorts Views 🇺🇸💰: Kind: captions Language: en If you guys are a short video creator or are running a USA short channel or your USA short channel is going to be monetized or you are thinking of creating one, then please watch this video completely because in today's video we are going to talk about our USA short channel where there was a USA type of content, in that we got 54 million views and the income we got from that, we thought it was fake but then when it came to the bank, we felt that it means so much, that is, so much income can be earned on USA short channel or USA shorts video. We had not thought about it. If you guys want to know how much income we earned on that 54 million views on this video, then please watch this video completely because you will definitely get some motivation. And if you like this video then please like this video and must also subscribe to the channel because we keep bringing such informative videos for you. First of all, you see here, let us understand here and open the T studio. And let's go to the content guy here. Then you will see here that it is uploaded here. Ok ? What did we do? Understand that he used to upload videos related to this and did not do anything else. If you look here, the short ones will go to the most viewed ones, so you can finally see here that we have got 54 million views on this. It has received 54 million views. You can see here that it has got 54 million views. Ok? You can see 54 million views, leave the reach. How much did we get from this subscriber here? Consider that I got approximately 1 lakh 1.5 lakh subscribers from just one video. So you can understand that this is the power of Shas. Ok? And here you will see why we are saying that it is USA channel type. Understand that we also got income from India. But most of the videos that have been shown have been seen outside the country. Why? Because if you go to the revenue section, you can see how much we earn on 54 million views. Understand this, it is not in rupees. This translates to $3.8K of income. Why did it decrease ? Because a copyright claim was filed on this. So in copyright claim, you should know that your revenue gets shared. Otherwise, you can understand that we could have earned even more income from this. If you understand this, understand it as $3800, if you do it in Indian currency, then you can see here that if you are running USA channel then it is very good because you earn a good income in USA channel, that is, you can see units, tens, hundreds, thousands, lakhs, units, tens, hundreds, thousands, lakhs, that is, you can understand friend, just understand here that we earned ₹3 lakh from one video, this is also USA channel, okay, USA means USA video, why are we saying this here, you see here, as if we go here, if we go to the audience section, then you can see here that most of the audience is from India, okay, it is famous in India also and 12% is United States, if you understand that 17 and 12 would have been more by adding both, then understand that if I had stayed in United then I would have earned even more, so you can understand shorts, that is, how much power USA short channel has, that is, what is the power of USA short channel, you can understand in India, if you do If you are there then there is no income on short channels in India but if you think that there is a short channel in USA then you can earn a good amount of income, so you will see here that I have 14 million views. So if you guys see me in this, we will first go to the audience here, then you can see it, look here, if we show you the audience then you can see mail, look here Indonesia Philippines and so see in this we must have generated a good amount of revenue, you see here, understand it is $800, if you guys understand $800 in Indian currency then you can see it means $6000, then you can understand how good income you can earn from USA Short Channel, so if you guys think you are working hard or are not running USA Short Channel then please please create it because you can generate a good amount of income from USA Short Channel. Indians do not have that much income in India but you can earn income from USA short channel. Ok? That was it. I hope you like this video. So please like this video and must subscribe to the channel because we keep bringing such informative videos for you. Bye-by take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tradephile_Experts [2 likes]: Thank you 🤩 for this 😊
  2. @PriyankaMondal-u2q [1 likes]: Mind blowing explanation 😮😮🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
  3. @PriyankaMondal-u2q [1 likes]: Usa ka income jada hota hai sir ji 😮😮🎉🎉🎉
  4. @SarukSingh-u8y: Wow super beautiful
  5. @SomaHaldar-o8x: Fantastic trickss
  6. @SomaHaldar-o8x: youtube shorts earnings
  7. @NupurBera-e7m: Nice video tricks ❤❤❤🎉🎉
  8. @shuvendukumarsahu6095: So sweet and beautiful video bro 😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
  9. @AbhsyKumar-j7m: Excellent 😊😊
  10. @AbhsyKumar-j7m: Outstanding 😊
  11. @AbhishekKumar-x5y4y: Outstanding Outstanding 😊
  12. @Mnormamishra-r8u: Mind blowing wonderful nice  video 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  13. @LikaLoka-fe7sw: Ek dam mast video gai yaat
  14. @LikaLoka-fe7sw: Bohot hi mast video hai bhai
  15. @UjjwalaShitu76: youtube shorts earnings🎉❤❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤
  16. @Lokesh-m6k3k: Maja aa gya bro I am
  17. @TORENTO7: Thank you so much for sharing information about 🎉🎉😊😊😊
  18. @Lokesh-m6k3k: Bohot hi mast video hai
  19. @bimalshit2848: youtube shorts earnings🎉🎉🎉
  20. @Srmallick2580: Very good information 😊😊😊

- How to go viral on Twitter (X) Without a Big Audience: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, if you are someone who is planning to launch their internet business, who is planning to launch their phone app and who is la planning to launch their old tech product, then Twitter is the best platform to launch. And why I'm saying that because it has the higher intent of people converting or people buying your subscription or your plan or your products license. Now, there is one thing in Twitter. If you don't have any audience, then you're toast. But if you have an audience then it's a perfect match. But today I'm going to talk about if you don't have an audience and still if you go viral then also you can convert a high converting custom. So let's understand how to plan your Twitter launch. So I have bookmarked some of the Twitter launches which includes video. The simple answer is you need to create video. Whether it's a good or whether it's a bad video, you need to create video to really go viral. Now I will just prove it with my hypothesis and my observations. So let's get into it. So this is my bookmark which you can see here. This particular tweet got 80K views. Now if I open this founders profile, it should be lower than 80. You can see 256 followers. Still he got 80,000 because his product launch was really nice and it is very clean. It is very professional and it looks very prof like amazing. It is some it is somewhat if you see the launch video you will understand it will go viral. And the second one is this one again you can see this got viral 281k. Now if you just see the follower 525 followers still he got 280k right? So the secret to a viral launch if you have a low followers then it is your subscription not subscription the secret to your viral content is that you need to create video again I bookmarked this because it was similar to my niche so you can see he has around 10k followers but still got 1.7K I don't know why still I bookmark it and 10k followers then 20k views Again this particular guy 43 283 12k views and Christopher has a good following 4346 525 this one like I book club this because I liked his style so that's why I bookmarked this particular launch this is 84k and if you see her followers 2701 so it really proves now I did similar thing like I launched my subclipip app using a video you can see it got 5.9K views. I have only 151 followers but at the time of launch I had around 132 or 134. So this was not my f first launch but I have actually noticed a pattern that if I use video it kind of goes viral. So I have actually iterated like this one looks cool according to my past videos because I have experimented with my past videos. So if I just go to highlights maybe you will see my past post which I have pinned. So this was one of my MCP Twitter scheduleuler post which I've done. So I can say this is the video which is not great like it is not improved. I took it with a webcam Android webcam and using focusy so it was not at all good. If I had used a better camera it would have looked more professional but this was it. Now actually I have not bookmarked that to it particularly like you can see the video in my YouTube video like in this particular channel only I have uploaded that video you can watch it and you will understand. So the hypothesis is that you need to have a good launch video. If you have one and if you have low followers then probably the probability is that you will get a viral content for your niche. Let me just go to my bookmarks again. So this was it. Now there are other things as well when it comes to perfect launch and I will talk about that. So you can see it is only three lines. Introducing sell make your product a die. It will take less than less time than you think. Sign up plus infograph. So you don't need to go very caption heavy. You you can keep very low caption and your video does the work. So this is a similar pattern which you will notice in every tweet. So I also did that. But if you have a low follower count and you know that your past launch readers have flogged then I would suggest make someone comment on your tweet or maybe someone repost your tweet. So what happened that what happened in my post particularly why it got viral according to my profile according to my my profile count. So I will just share you that particular thing. So you can see I have now 15 151 I had an 131 136. So when I posted this particular video Pauline has commented and she has around 34 30k followers 32.5k followers and because of that this post got eyeballs and also she made a dedicated tweet for me by tagging why I made this particular application. So it was really a great help from our side and because of that it got some eyeballs in the first hour only like in the first hour only I got 800 or 1k views and that because of that reason it actually I like snowballed. So because of that it snowballed. So if you get initial views initial reach then it will snowball and it will compound and it may go viral and and it really got viral according to my profile count. So I'm happy with it. But yeah, there are a lot of scope of improvement because if you see my general Twitter post it is around 50 35 you can just see like I don't make much of a engagement. So that this is the reason. So you can see 310 and then 53 and 43 and 79. So I don't get much of a reach when I post in Twitter. So according to me this was really wild content for me and this is how you should plan. So if I just summarize the how to launch in Twitter, first thing is create video. Launch video. It can be raw. It can be creative. Be creative with it. Use good camera. It should look professional somehow. And second thing is you can use very simple items. So you can see hi I'm Seikk. Thanks. You can read the text in the video. You don't need to go very captionary because the video will do the work. So put your all effort in video and hope it goes viral. And if you have some friends, if you have some followers or if you have some network who can support you, please ask them to support you and they will be happy to do it. And if they do, your post may go viral my friend Alex. So I recently got to know him. So this is Alex and he launched his application Paris pitch and you can see I think when he lost I I don't believe he had that many followers but it somehow got 324k views because he was using no subscription and his caption was really amazing and it had very low price when he launched and this got viral. So because people actually need this type of product and you can see that and it actually got a lot of eyeballs. It got a lot of conversion. You can see a lot of retweet, lot of comments, lot of likes. So yeah. So you can do similar to this and it may go viral. So this is what I want to talk about. This is how you should plan your total launch plan. Hope you get success in there. So I will see you tomorrow with another video. Till then take care and bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Navoki: Also Do I need X subscription ?, becoz without that no view on tweet
  2. @mehrabhasantanim338: y not linkedin
  3. @Navoki: For subtitle on video are using FFmpeg ?

- Don’t Chase Virality (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en Uh about a week ago, I was asked to speak on a topic and I've put together a brand new presentation for some of you. So bear with me if there are some typos and some weird things. And the reason why I did this is because they asked me to talk about the topic of virality. And nobody does a better job than that than Brendan Kaine. He's our friend. Uh we he's been on multiple podcasts with us. So Brendan, with all apologies, I'm going to take a little different approach and talk to you about something because when I think of Mind Valley, I think of a more spiritual personal uh pursuit versus this thing. There's this promise of social media that anyone can go viral. And I wonder why or where we got this idea from that anyone can go viral, right? And I think it's the social media networks have told us this and they make this promise like they dangle that little carrot for us to pursue and it keeps us chasing. So I want to ask you this question. If anyone can go viral. The question is should you? So I want you to think about this. Okay. Some of you may know this person. His name is Mark Manson. Do you know Mark Manson? Anybody? Okay, great. Well read group here. I love that. He wrote this book called The Subtle Art of Not Giving an F. And I heard him say this thing about if you want to be a 1enter, and I don't think he's talking about the top 1% of the richest people in the world, but the people who make the greatest impact in the world, the top 1enter, they have something in common. They all do this one thing. They are contrarians. When everyone's going one direction, they go the opposite direction. But any fool can go a different direction. So you have to be a correct contrarian. You have to find something that goes against what the mainstream is saying, whatever it is that you strongly believe in your heart. Not to do it because it's it's a gimmick, but because you believe in your heart, this isn't correct. Because if you say what everyone else is saying, you're going to disappear in all the noise. So, you have to become a correct contrarian. And I take this very personally because I am not trying to be contrarian, but I have very strong points of view on lots of things. So, I'm going to use this opportunity to probably undo everything that Brendan just said. Okay. So, we're gonna have a little bit of fun together. Okay. So, from the people who are laughing, I presume you were here for that. And for the people who are not laughing, maybe you're going to be mad at me or you're just new here. So, it's okay. This presentation exists with or without Brendan. He's a very important person. So, I want to ask you this question, okay, to reflect on this idea a little bit, which is in an era of fast fashion, what is the consequence of fast fashion? You know, certain brands that make things really quickly, they not only destroy legitimate fashion brands by knocking off their designs, but they're producing things that are such a rapid pace that they are the most harmful companies to the environment, even more than big oil. It's a shocking idea. So if we like fast fashion, we have to come to the consequence and understand what happens to all the clothes that we don't buy because it's become cheaper to replace the clothes than it is to wash the clothes. That's scary to me. And then in the era of fast food, what's the consequence of fast food? We have a lot of engineered things that last a really long time. Good for shelf life, not good for your body. And I don't know about you, I prefer things that are less processed over things that are processed in an era of easy money. What could be the problem with easy money? What could be the problem? Well, you know, get rich quick, you also lose it really quick. Easy come, easy go. Very high percentage of people who win the lottery wind up right back where they started. I wonder why. Because maybe, just maybe, there is something to the pursuit of learning something, working hard that is more desirable than the result itself. So, I hope you start to hear a theme here, and I'm going to build my argument. And then we think about things like a crash diet. Anybody here been on a crash diet? New Year's resolution to lose a lot of weight. The problem with crash diets there, the the hint is in the title itself, crash. Maybe the word die. So, you're on this yo-yo diet, right? When you may start off large and get to medium small, but because this is not a lifelong pursuit because you see it as a very short-term goal to hit, maybe once you hit the goal, you regress because those habits haven't been formed inside of you. Kind of an important thing to think about. Okay? And then, I'm this is not a real term. Does anybody here want fast fans? Okay. Okay. I didn't think so. You don't have to agree with me. We can have an argument. This can be very interactive. So, people of convenience maybe. So, what's the problem with fast fans? Well, I don't know about you. This is a generated image, but it's a symbol for the things that are going on with engagement farms. You pay, you get the views. As soon as you stop paying, you don't get the views. You don't get the fake engagement. And I would rather have a hundred people who are dedicated who truly want to consume my content than a million people who are there because somebody's clicking it in some country. So that's that's it with that. So what I would like for you to maybe kind of rethink this idea of v virality. We came out of a pandemic. I don't know about you, but I'm not so keen on viruses myself. So the antidote probably to this idea of going viral is to be antiviral. So my talk is called the dark side of virality. Why success or easy success might become a prison sentence for many of you. Okay. So I'm going to ask this question and I do a style of talks where I'd like to interact with you as much as you're comfortable doing and I understand different cultures people like to talk some people don't. I will work with whatever you give me. Okay. So what is the goal of content creation? I just want you to reflect on this. So, if you're watching this on Zoom, just type it in. What is the goal of you creating content? I'm going to give you a second because maybe there's a delay. Then I'm going to ask the audience here, what's the goal of you create? How many people here are creating content? You make a post, a podcast, a carousel, uh a YouTube video, Instagram reel. So, almost everybody here, I'm glad to hear that at least the programming is right because this is the social media summit of the 1 billion followers summit. So, if you're here, maybe you're curious or you're actually doing something. So just randomly yell out just like a little bit at a time, not all at once cuz then I can't process that. What's the goal of you creating content >> right here? What's that >> connection? >> Oh yeah, hold on. Hold on everybody. Oh my god, I know where we are now. This is like uh bizarre. We're trading things. Yes. I just need to understand the word. I can manage >> uh sales. >> Sales to sell things. You make content to sell things. Okay, great. >> Educate. >> Educating. Are you an educator? >> Yeah. >> Okay, that's why. [laughter] Okay. Over here. >> Awareness. >> Awareness. To build awareness so you can get sales or to educate? >> Okay. So, education. Okay. Yes. >> Entertain. >> Entertain. Do you tell jokes? Are you a funny guy? >> Uh, yeah. I I do funny vlogs and stuff. >> Okay. Maybe not right now, but Okay. Over here. >> Making money. >> Oh, we got to make some money, huh? Okay. Last one. >> What? >> Fashion. >> No. Fashion. Fashion. Passion. >> Passion. I love that. What's your passion, friend? >> Uh, history. >> Oh, so education. >> No. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. You know. Okay. One more. You're She's like, "Pick me or I'm going to be mad at you. You're going to get an angry view for me." Yes. >> You want to create clones of yourself? >> Online. And then share your knowledge. >> Okay. It might be a language translation thing. I'm ESL too, so maybe there's another word. I think what you're saying is you can make a positive impact in the world and inspire people to do the things that you want to inspire them to do. That's what So you're talking about thought leadership through education. Yes. Beautiful. Okay. Thank you for participating. Okay. So I I took the guess that maybe some of you want to do awareness, build awareness either to promote and to create sales or awareness around an idea, eat less of this, eat more of that, uh be kinder, you know, those kinds of things or or meditate more, whatever the idea is. Some of you want conversion to create content to get more sales, right? And some of you, nobody said this, but does anybody create content to build trust? Yeah. Okay. There's an asterisk on that because we're going to come back to that in a little bit. Okay. I just realized I'm going too slow. I need to speed up. Okay. 10 minutes have been lost. Okay. When we do awareness, it's not just called content creation. It's called marketing. You understand that? Yes. So what I don't like is when we use one term to describe too many things then the words lose meaning and we have to be specific about the words that we use because the words shape our worlds. Yes. Okay. When we do conversion what is that called then? >> It's called sales. Very smart audience. So what I don't want to do is mix all this stuff up. But when we build trust what do we call that? >> Branding. Yes. Good job guys. Great job. Look at this. We agree. So far so good. Okay. So your goals. So, if we're going to create content, what's the goal of creating content? Well, let's let's play along. Let's say we really want to go viral. Does anybody here want to go viral? Raise your hands. >> Yes. Some of you are like less excited about raising your hand now because you're like, "It's a trap. It's a trap. Don't do it." But let's be honest with each other. We can do that. So, let's say your goal is to be viral. Okay. So, what are the two options of going viral? Uh, as far as I can tell, yes or no. Okay. So, what happens if we actually get our wish of going viral? Here's what happens. Awesome. We get great reach. We get more engagement. We get more follows. Hallelujah. Maybe we make some money through monetization. We're really excited about making more content cuz shoot, we're rewarded for it, right? That's how the algorithms sink their hooks into you, by the way. And I went viral. You can just wackle with a little bit more confidence. Yes. Not like that, but you know what I mean. Okay. So, what happens now? Well, we we get into this loop. We went viral. We need to go viral again. There's a little problem here. Then we enter into this trap. It's called the validation loop where we're looking outside to be validated versus looking inwards to be validated, right? Exttrinsic versus intrinsic. That's the problem. So, even at your best possible outcome, you get what you want, but now you're stuck. You want it again and again. I'm going to go deeper into this in a second. So the question for you is, is it sustainable? Now, we need to have a common definition. What does it mean to go viral? It means that you have an outlier. Something that is 10x what you normally produce. You get 100 views, you get a,000 views. That's viral. If you do a,000 views, you get um what is it? 10,000 views. That's viral. So maybe my math is just bad, right? So 10x. How many people here have made a piece of content that's gone viral for them? Raise your hands. Okay, those of you keep your hands up. Keep your hands up. Air out the armpits. Some of you are sweating. Okay, you've gone viral. How many were able to repeat it? Lower your hand if you can't repeat it. And how many have been able to sustain it over and over and over again? Lower your hands now. Only a handful of people. The person in the front, of course, she's must be really smart and very good at making content. Beautiful. Okay. So, let's take the other path now. Okay. What happens when you don't go viral? This is the dark side that nobody is really paying attention to, which is now I'm not really motivated to make content anymore. And my ego, my self-esteem, my self-worth, my self- value takes a hit. And sometimes it leads to depression. And if you do this for long enough, it leads to burnout. Has anybody ever felt burnout on creating content? I mean, everybody's hand should be up right now. Let's tell the truth, people, please. Okay? And then what happens is eventually burnout leads to you quitting. So I presented to you a very structured argument why neither option is good. Yes, maybe we can argue later. So the problem with virality is it's based on an outcome. Do I get to go viral or not? And we have to ask this question. Is there something beneath the surface that's a bigger problem? So I'm going to present to you four really quick problems and we'll go through this. Okay. Number one is the seduction. Okay. Virality feels a lot of times very opaque. None of the platforms tell you how to go viral. So there's all these professional gurus, coaches, and programs that you can enter telling you what they guess what it is even though the platforms do not tell you. It's a very opaque process. And I think what they give they can take away. And I personally do not like to export my emotional well-being to a machine to the corporate overlords. Okay? Maybe you you like it, I don't like it. So I talked about this before. So what we used to look inside for whether or not we're doing the right thing, now we're trusting a machine that we do not understand from our corporate overlords who never talk to us to regulate our emotional well-being. I don't like this at all. And I'm going to share a little story with you. There's my friend, her name is Jodie Cook, and I've talked about her in a couple different ways. Jodie Cook on Instagram has 155 posts and 10.7,000 followers. Her typical content is 2,000 2,000. And wait a minute, there's a viral post right there. It has 2.9 million uh views and then it goes back to 4,229. Okay, now my friend Jodie Cook, who I featured on my channel, so it's a collab reel, has all this attention. She goes, "Chris, I've never gone viral before. Is this what it feels like for you and your life?" I'm like, "No, I don't go viral either. I don't know what's going on." Okay, so let's take a look here. That's the clip. All right, look at the engagement. So they're like, "Finally, I made it. I made it. So, Jod is um she writes for Forbes as a senior contributor. The impact of this one post going viral inspired her or maybe demanded of her to write an article and she wrote, "What really happens when you go viral on Instagram?" So, number one is your notifications are blowing up and she's trying to not pay attention to the phone, but it's going off all the time. She can't focus on anything else. She's constantly checking her phone to the point in which she has to turn it off and turn off everything. And now because she wants to keep checking the new numbers and the messages that are coming because it's so addictive, she came and do basic tasks and her inbox is crazy. It's flooded with messages. But there's this other part which maybe some of you have experienced. Threats, harassment, [snorts] name calling, and bullying are coming in. Yeah. Anybody have experienced that before? The trolls. Yes. not nice and if you're not built for it, if you haven't earned it over time, it can be overwhelming. So, I'm just going to read some of the more sanitized comments that were left on this post. Okay, number one, uh I can't read this. All right, it says, "When all you are is money, how poor your life must be." This is a complete stranger. And there's a reason why they say this when you go viral, because they don't know you. They just see this thing and they judge you for everything based on one thing you said or the way that you look or how long your skirt is or if you wear a baseball cap when you talk or not. Okay, here's another one. Uggh. These guru prices are out of control. The coaching space needs serious regulation in place. This person, I guarantee you, has done zero research on looking into her programs and how she coaches. You feeling it? Have you had comments like this before? >> No. I love the fact that you're putting them out there. Is that wrong? [laughter] >> You know what? You know what bullies don't like is being bullied themselves. >> How you like them apples. You know, I could tell you stories, but I'm not going to today >> unless there's time. What's that? >> Tell them. >> I love my bullies. I love the trolls. I'll tell you later. Love the enemy. It's the best approach. I make more content from the bullies than I do of the lovers and the fans. I'll tell you why. Because there's a friction point. The internet loves friction. So, I have an opportunity to clarify what I meant to say or how you might have misinterpreted this. It even usually it outperforms original posts. Okay, here's the last one. One word, escort. Yeah, I told you I'm giving you the more sanitized version. You guys know what escort means, right? Yes. Okay. I don't know. We're in Dubai. I don't know what we can talk about here. I'll probably have canceled. I will never be here again. Okay. Number two, the addiction. the addiction happens. You chase the dragon. Do you know the term chase the dragon? Okay, probably not here, but anyways, there's this flood of uh happiness, dopamine, and then dopamine leads to depression. Okay, and I think this whole thing is very close to a different kind of relationship, a perilous dealer addict relationship. You're the addict, you're not the dealer. I promise you. Okay. So, what do dealers do? They hook you with a sample, a viral moment. You feel the high and when you don't have anymore, you experience withdrawals. You don't know what to do with yourself and then you're constantly checking the stats. It's like you scratching like, "Oh, I need another fix." And now you have to chase your next fix. This is what's happening, right? So, the weird thing is the day before your post went viral, you were really happy with yourself, weren't you? You're making progress. I'm communicating. I'm becoming a better communicator. I feel better about myself. So what used to make you happy doesn't make you happy anymore. Weird because once you experience this feeling, everything else sucks in comparison. So you're chasing this thing one more time. So now you start to go in this negative spiral, this vicious cycle where you have more bad moments than good moments. Who still wants to go viral? Let's just keep checking the room. Okay, cool. I like that. You are resilient. >> No, I have a point. It's not a >> Well, wait. Can I finish the presentation before you make your point? There will be a point when you can make that point, but not right now cuz I'm worried about my time. Okay, cool. We're about halfway through. Okay, number three, the prison. Okay, what happens is when you go viral, well, what do you do? You try to repeat that. You might have been an experiment. You might have done something really goofy. You might have like put ice on your face or something. Now, every video you got to throw ice on your face. So, you become a caricature of yourself and you no longer feel like it's you who's showing up. So, you become a slave to the algorithm. This is why it's a prison. Brendan, hate me later, but I'm I'm gonna keep moving on. There's this idea. It's called the authenticity gap. Okay? It's the space that exists between the real you, who you are in private to your very best, most trusted friends, and how you show up in the world. Like, I don't sit in the hotel room with my skirt on. It's too uncomfortable. This is how I show up here. So, I am in some way operating as a persona or a character of myself. I'm wearing a hat. I have a mic. These aren't normal things I would do if I was sitting there in the living room watching TV. There's no need for that. So the bigger the gap between the real you and the persona who you show up to be in this world determines the lack of authenticity. So what's happening when you go viral? You show up even less of yourself. You become a prisoner of your own stupid success because this is all that people want from you now. So you have to maintain this image that you've created because you are so in love with this idea of attention and sooner than later you start wearing this mask and you can't even see yourself anymore. Your interests, your values and your personal growth take a backseat to keeping the relationship between you and the dealer happy and stable. It doesn't sound so good anymore, I don't think. And every time you try something different, you want to return back to the real you. You get punished for it, don't you? Oh my gosh, I'm shadowbanned now. What happened? Oh, you have fake followers cuz how did you get all that growth and now no one cares? Because you did something that they don't want to see from you. They'll leave comments like this. This isn't what we followed you for. Okay. So this avatar, this thing that you created to go viral becomes your prison. Okay. Number four, the awakening. What you start to realize is being viral doesn't mean you've done anything valuable. I'm sure you've scrolled through the feeds on Instagram, on Tik Tok. I think they call it brain rot for a reason. It's not necessarily valuable. It's just what the algorithm wants. And the algorithm, depending on the platform, rewards you every 10th post to give you an artificial boost. They give you a little love bomb. We love that you're on your 10th post. So, we're going to juice the numbers for you because they are like drug dealers. They want to keep encouraging you enough so you don't quit because the the platforms win when more people create. And you you start to understand that bigger reach doesn't mean that your message resonates anymore and that followers doesn't equal community. And I will go into that. Okay. Now, if you are here like many of us, you're trying to develop your personal brand, right? You guys are trying to develop your personal brand. What you need to understand what branding is. It's the stickiness of the relationship. It's how loyal people are to you. And there's simple tests. All you have to do is ask them to do something simple. Comment this. Go vote for me. Like, I'm I'm up for an award. Please vote for me. Please nominate me as a speaker for this event. or who knows an organizer who can put me in touch with somebody who will do the introductions. So, you can test the strength of those relationships in the community just to see how sticky it is. Okay, now here's the story. I'm sure some of you know this. VidCon is a big conference for YouTubers to create content. Post pandemic, they open it back up in 2022. Tik Tok is blowing up like crazy. It's sweeping all over social media. There's a good chance that if you're on Tik Tok, it's because it was in 2022 that everybody was telling you you must be on Tik Tok. Yes. Okay. So, what did VidCon do? They invited some of the biggest Tik Tockers with millions of followers to come and speak. I was at that conference. And this is an illustration of what those rooms looked like. Massive rooms for 500 to 800 people. Even for some of the biggest creators that you know and love, about 20 to 30 seats. Not percentage, 20 to 30 seats. fewer people than the people in this room for a room six times as big as this room. So, there was a Business Insider article in July of 2022. Why Tik Tockers may face problems forming deep connections with fans despite the platform's hold on Gen Z. And there's a woman, her name is Grace Africa. She has 1.3 million followers on Tik Tok. She she said, "When you set up a meet and greet and no one comes, how heartbreaking is that? this relationship that you thought you were building wasn't a relationship at all because you're chasing a number. So, here's what I conclude. Short-term fame doesn't build lasting bonds. Again, I'd rather have an army of 100 like Leonitis have my back than 10,000 people who never show up to help me fight. Okay. So, we're going to move into the light a little bit because you're like, "This is super depressing, bro." You're like, I want my money back. [laughter] If you if I charge you, I'll give it back to you. But I haven't. So there we go. Deliberation. Okay. So what we need to do is to move away from the metrics to what really matters to us. And how you answer this question is super individual to what your real goals are. Okay. Now if we if you need clients and all of us do need clients to the degree. If you need sales, you need revenue because you are able to sustain a business, that's fantastic. Invest in marketing. Invest in a sales program. Invest in sales training. But this is not why we make content in my opinion. In my humble opinion. Okay. So what matters to you? Let's use this same decision flowchart again and say, well, what's the goal of creating content? Now does somebody have a new answer for me besides going viral? >> Create raving fans. Okay. >> And having fun. >> Having fun. Okay. Here's the cool thing. Creating raving fans is not the goal. It's a byproduct of a goal. Having fun may or may not be the goal, but it could also be a byproduct of the goal. Okay. Now, I heard my friend Blair N share this on stage. I'm going to screw up the story. They had like a hundred entrepreneurs very successful in a room. They asked every single one, write down on a post-it note, what's important to you? And out of a hundred different entrepreneurs from all over different spectrums of success in different industries, they almost all wrote the same answer. Do you know what that answer is? Okay, check this out. They want to grow personally while helping other people. Amazing. You're like surprised. Look at his eyes just got three times bigger on me. It's like, close your eyes, bro. You're blinding me right now. I'm just kidding. Okay, so maybe the goal in creating content should be personal development to better ourselves while helping other people. That to me is worth more than going by row. Okay, so let's look at the same decision. What happens if you work on personal development and it works out well? What are the rewards? Well, you feel like you grew. You develop new skills. You become a communicator. You build the the ability to like rhetoric, like the ability to persuade people with the spoken word. You find a lot more about yourself. Your identity gets more defined. I found my voice in this world. And because I know who I am, I'm more confident and I care less about what people say about me. That's a pretty good one. Pretty good. So, if you repeat that, that's awesome. It's excellent. What happens if you don't achieve that? You learn because in life, you either win or you learn. So, it didn't work. Cool. It's an opportunity to learn. And if you keep paying attention to the lessons, you will eventually get there. I think that's more worthwhile. The flip. Okay. Uh this goes directly against what Brenda just said, so let's do it. Right. Uh, quality versus quantity. He goes quality matters, right? Didn't he say something like that? Chris gonna say something whatever. All right. I know that's not how he sounded. He's more monotone than that. Okay, we're friends, guys. We're friends. At least up until today. Okay. Are you familiar with this book, Art and Fear? Observations on the perils of art making. Okay. It's written by David Bales and Ted Orland. Okay. And there's an art experiment and it's been changed a little bit, but they they gave a an assignment to pottery students. And group one, they divided class in half. Group one, they said, "Hey, here's your only criteria. You're graded on how many pots you produce." And group two, the other half of the room, they said, "Hey, you're graded on one single piece. Go make a masterpiece." Okay? If you don't know the story, some of this might surprise you. Okay? So, let me just reiterate. Group A purely measured on how many pounds of pottery you make. Group B, just one. We're going to grade it to see how great it is. Here's the surprising result to all of this stuff. Okay. Now, you would think the ones had all this time to craft the most beautiful pot. And if you're a creative PE person, you always say, "If the client gave me more time, it would be better." That's a lie you tell yourself every single day. Okay? Because creativity expands or contracts to meet a deadline. That's how creativity works. Everything else is a lie or an excuse. Okay? So it turns out many of the students who were asked just to do one piece did not even complete one piece. Why? They were trapped by making the perfect thing because no such thing as a perfect thing. The better work consistently came from the other group who didn't even have the criteria of making perfect because there's a reason why because quality leads to quality. So we've been getting this wrong. I'm a designer classically trained. This is what they emphasize every single day into our brain. But luckily, I don't listen so good. Quality, quality, quality. No, I'm going to put in my reps. And I'll tell you why. Uh, this is a Tony Robbins quote. Repetition is the mother of skill. You got to do it over and over and over again. Because you are what you repeatedly do. Yes, that's why how you do one thing is how you do everything. Okay, just think about that. And then I added to this skill is the foundation of confidence. And would you like to be more confident? I would. Okay. It's the wish I would have for all of you is to be more confident in yourselves, in your decision-making, and who you show up to be online. Uh, one of my favorite people in the world, Jim Ran, said, "What you become in the pursuit of your goals is more important than the accomplishment itself." Do you understand that? What you become in the pursuit of virality or content creation is how who you become. So, goals are great. What's more important is the development that happens within you because no matter what happens at the end, no one can take this away from you. I think that's why we're at conferences like this. So we can learn something so we can take away having been transformed to live richer lives. Okay? It's the pursuit and not the goal itself. So I want to talk to you a little bit about alignment. Okay? Many years ago I'm in Las Vegas at a conference, a technology conference, and I'm meeting up with a former student of mine. He's an entrepreneur. He's doing really well. We're meeting up at some Las Vegas hotel bar. We're sitting down and having a meal. And he says to me before the waiter comes out and takes our order. He goes, "Chris, I noticed something about you. You seem really happy. Like you're almost glowing right now." I'm like, "I am?" He said, "What's going on? We haven't seen each other in a couple of years." Former student of mine. I said, "You know what, Greg? I think I've figured out the secret to my life." And I take out a little napkin. I said, "You have a pen? Give me something here." It's the cliche napkin drawing, right? And I drew something like this. Not this. This is AI. Okay. I drew three circles. I think I finally figured out my life in my 40s. Something that I love to do, something I'm really good at, and what the world needs. Cuz right around here in about 20145, a former classmate of mine invited me to make content on YouTube. You're thinking, YouTube was that moment, that inflection point in your life? That sounds super shallow. Well, I'll tell you why. Because for 15 years, I taught at Art Center. It filled my soul with joy. It recharged me all the way. But the problem was when I was teaching at school, they paid me $58 an hour. That was less money than I paid freelancers to work for me. So, what they were doing is they were tapping into my passion for teaching and they were saying, "Well, we'll pay you with passion." as the entrepreneur. I'm like, hm, that sounds like exploitation. And I did it for 15 years. So, if you want to criticize me for pursuing the money, you do something for 15 years where you don't get paid and tell me how you like it. On the other side, I was running my production company, making commercials and music videos for uh what Caitlyn was sharing with you all. I won't repeat that now. I made a lot of money. I made millions of dollars. Actually, I made a couple million dollars before I turned 25. But the corporate overlords always told me what to do. Oh, make it bigger. Oh, uh, that pixel, can you move it one pixel to the left? We don't like that shade of green. Can you make it more emerald? Oh, okay. Right. So, when my friend invited me to make YouTube content with him, I finally found something where I could merge all of the things that I love. Entrepreneurship. I love reading. I love teaching. I love drawing. I like comic books. I I consume pop culture, art, history, design, literature, everything. I get to combine everything about me and I get to put it out into the world and I'll figure out a way to make money. So, the first part, there's a reason why no circle exists on here that says make money. Because I believe when you find that sweet spot in the middle of all these things, the money comes. I suggest to you right now, if the money hasn't come, it's because one of these circles is missing or it's not complete. And I encourage you to investigate that. Okay, I have a story to share with you. Her name is Simona and she was my driver from Black Lane and she took me from my house to the airport in Los Angeles and Simona was this incredible Middle Eastern woman and I happened to be sitting in the front seat. I was just talking to her and she's super interesting. I'm like, "Hey, uh, what are your passions in life? What do you do?" She goes, "Well, I drive for work." I I'll put it here. I drive for work. My passion is I'm a hair stylist. I I love to do coloring and I speak 12 languages. My mind was blown. She goes, "Six fluently where I can read and write." I'm like, "This is amazing." And she owns five cars, so she owns her own chauffeur business. She owns two salons, sold one of them recently. And I said to her, Simona, are you familiar with this thing called the attention economy? Because what she was telling me sounded like the old me. The old me who did different things to satisfy different needs versus one thing that put them all together. She goes, "No." I was like, "Well, let me tell you about it." Okay. The attention economy, as some people would argue, is the economy. Whoever can control attention controls opportunities. Mr. Beast is here. He's arguably the most successful person doing this. And underneath a subset, this is my theory here. Underneath the attention economy is the gift or giving economy. Okay? Bear with me. It's a concept. I'm working on it. If you don't like it, again, no refunds, okay? The gift or giving economy is built on on like five principles, okay? or five ideas, not some principles that you give freely with no short-term expectations where all you're doing is to do it to build relationships, community, and strengthen social bonds. No money, we're doing it because it feels good to give. Yes. Okay. So what you're doing is in lie of getting money, you trade money, for time, their time, their attention, perhaps some status because you're the educator, you're the thought leader. You trade it maybe for support because people who do good things get support from other people. They give money, they support you, introduce you to people and for connection. So what you're doing is instead of getting money, you're getting social currency. Now, I want to share with you four creators that highlight this concept of the giving or the gift economy. Okay, really quickly. The first one is a person named the trip man. Does anybody know the trip man? Trip man's awesome. You know the trip man and you're already smiling. Why? Because the trip man, he he's a former lab technician. He just quit his job and he wants to drive Ubers. It's crazy. Remember, he's a lab technician. Okay? So he rigs his Ubers with lights, microphones, funny party lights, and a whole bit. And when you get in the car, before he drives you anywhere, he says, "Pick a song." And they pick a song, and they do karaoke. So on his account, he says he turns rides into singalong parties that pickups with personality, good vibes, and better playlists. That's on his bio. Okay. So his breakout moment was this song going to make you sweat. If you know that song, everybody dance now. 17 million views. Yeah. Wait a minute, Chris. Are you arguing against yourself now? Isn't that viral? It is viral as a byproduct of him being fully aligned with who he is. You all understand this? It's not like I think he woke up one day or maybe he did. Brandon's going to Brandon's going to break the door. I helped him. I coached it. What are you talking about? It could be. It's dangerous. I know. I'm going to roll the dice and hope it's not. Okay. But I love this thing because he's giving so freely. The amount of money he makes from an Uber fair is nothing compared to the amount of money that we support him with our views and then therefore the platforms give him money. Thousands of dollars versus hundreds of dollars or tens of dollars. Yes. Pretty cool. Yes. Okay. Next. Next one is a guy named Spencer B. SB mowing. Do you guys know Spencer? Yeah. You know everybody. You guys are really good. You're in the social media track. I understand. You got it. Okay. Um I'm I'm not sure about all these facts, but he has millions of followers. uh he was a Kansas state computer science grad and after working his miserable job for two to three years he quit and what he does he goes in and helps old people who can't afford lawn service with really nasty lawns to do the work for free and first they're a little skeptical like what free what do you mean no strings attached no strings attached remember the giftgiving economy no expectations so he does this and you know one of the videos get 100 million views that's a lot of money by doing good in the world. I think I'm in the right place to share this message with you. And the reaction, it's like sometimes it's like even a man like me might tear up a little bit or maybe got dusty in the room because it's like, "Oh my god, I can see my lawn again. This is pretty cool." Number three is a guy named Devin Rodriguez. Do you guys know Devon? He is the most followed uh visual artist on TikTok. Uh I saw Deon speak at Adobe Max. Pretty incredible story. He was arrested for graffiti at 13. He was rejected from art school and now he's the most followed visual artist. And some of his achievements is he's gotten to meet Oprah and uh Mel Robbins and and and Joe Biden drawing. That's pretty cool. And his breakout moment, as he explained, was he was sitting on the subway and he met this person who had the craziest tattoos and piercings like tongue split and the whole bit. Somebody who's usually misunderstood and he draws this person and he decides to have a conversation. Takes a little bit of time to draw. So he he infuses art with wanting to get to know people. That's pretty cool. Okay, one last one. Do you guys know this person, Chu Tuan? You must know this person. When I ran into this kind of like, what is this guy doing? He must be or something. I don't know. He's explosive. He's banging things, right? Same story over and over again. He's just helping people. And the success that he gets from doing this, I believe this is what he would be doing if he wasn't doing this. Okay. So, I'm going to ask you this really quick question. Uh I'm a little bit overtime. I I'll get off stage. I promise y'all. Vision, is it okay? Okay. Yes. I love the double thumbs up. I love that. Okay. So, I want to ask you this quick question. How might Simona participate in the giving economy? Some ideas online. Please type it in. We'll check later. >> Make haircuts in the car. >> Make haircuts in the car. Yes. Here's what I told her. Have you ever thought about driving uh like in a van to do coloring? She goes, "Yeah, but you know, it's a long drive." I'm like, "No, no, no. Here's what I think you need to do. you need to go into ethnic communities and talk to them and all of a sudden you speak Arabic or Farsy or whatever it is and they're like, "Wow." And you film that whole thing. Yeah, it's a $300 color job, but it's a $3,000 giving act. And it's really cool to see that. So eventually you can do this where you charge nothing and you just go to find really interesting people who are transforming the process when they see themselves differently. Isn't that wonderful? I don't know if she's going to do this, but it's my wish for her. And it's also my wish for all of you. Okay, remember how I said before like branding is about building trust at scale. Building trust at scale. I want to just introduce really quickly to this idea. Uh it it's a Francis Frey and Anne Morris wrote about this. It's called beginning with trust. If you want to have high trust factor, number one, you have to show up authentically as yourself. Are you who you pretend to be online? So we have to close the authenticity gap. Stop stop performing. Stop becoming a character or an avatar of yourself. Be the real you. Share real opinions and ideas. Okay. Number two, it's empathy. It's not empathy the way you think. We need to feel like you care about your audience more than your need to make money. This is really important. So, car salespeople not great. Time share salespeople not great at that. We know what they want. They want to meet their numbers more than they want to take care of us. Yes. Last one is you have to be logical. You have to be able to explain ideas in ways that are easy to follow. So I think the pursuit for you is to become a better educator to teach people. And my saying is this. If you want to reach more people, teach more people. Okay. Uh this is a quote from Alex Ramosi. You cannot wish for both strong character and an easy life. The price of each is the other. You want an easy life or you want to be have to have strong character. Okay, this is my full circle moment. Okay, it looks like I'm I'm like antiviral and like I don't want to be successful at all. I started a company, a YouTube channel called The Future in 2014. So, some quick stats for you. We've made over 2,000 videos, a gazillion hours, over a million dollars in revenue, and we've had 24 videos that have had million plus views. So, there's nothing wrong with going viral. Okay, that should not be the goal, though. Here's our number one highest performing video. Has 4 and a half million views. And the shorts, two short versions, one has 50 million and the recut of the same video has 44 million. Pretty cool. But the part I want to show to you is this part. Look at the gap between when we released it and when we went viral. We are the classic example of an overnight success story 10 years in the making. So you remember my friend Jody Cook. It's a series that I do and the format's called Man on the Street where I go up to people and ask them how much do you charge an hour? And do you know who told me to say that? Mr. Brendan Kane told me to say that. Okay. So, I'm going to end it with this quote before I get out of here. The person who loves walking will walk further than the person who loves the destination. I want to encourage all of you to just learn to love walking, to take that step, and keep taking that step because one day when you look up, you'll be surprised how far you've come. I'm out of time, everybody. Thank you very much. [applause and cheering] >> Thank you. >> Thank you, Craig. I got to give you this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @svenhance [2 likes]: Such a refreshing point of view. I like how you point out the negative side effects of going viral, feel like this is often left out by the experts. It is crazy how fast one starts following the masses when first producing content, just because it is "the way to do it and it works". But do you really want to feed the brain rot machine for short term success, or actually build something that lasts and helps people instead of harming them? This antiviral concept is much healthier and appropriate, but it probably will not hurt if your content is a little infective too :) Thank you Chris, good stuff as always!
  2. @deborah7270 [2 likes]: @22:00 to expect people who are primarily a web based audience to show up and be disappointed that only a few showed up is beyond me.
  3. @stacy_isa [2 likes]: for real, when I did videos that get 1k views they were not the smartest or best videos. They were just funny memes. All smart videos that I did got me like 50 views... But people who I cared about watched them and provided me with career opportunities that I needed. Virality can be a good exposure tool, but not the key point, I think. 
About quality/quantity, must disagree. I used to be impatient and satisfied with the canvas as soon as it gets covered with the paint. But the best results from me and students around came when we were consistently improving what we thought could be better. Same with product design. Go an extra step and see what happens. I better take a day to wait and look at my video in the morning before posting, because I might discover something that will make it already good. 
A video that took me a week to make still makes me proud after 2 years. While those I made in 2 hours I just want to delete. As always, balance matters, you must have your inner compas to tell you when to stop. But please, do not believe that quantity is the only thing that gives you quality.
  4. @nicte_lab [1 likes]: Thank you ❤ I always learn a lot from you 🩷
  5. @BiancaNeilsen [1 likes]: Excellent talk 👏 Grateful for you normalising and articulating this so well.
  6. @life_lived_well_8 [1 likes]: I am soooo glad to hear Chris talking about this. Such an important topic coming from an important thought leader.
  7. @Ms260394 [1 likes]: Love your content my friend
  8. @TheQuietReal1 [1 likes]: Just the notion of this resonates with me, just starting a channel with inmersive Ai music videos and want them to mean something and be a real journey. Meeting music how we used to in the 90s where the music videos was as important as the track itself. And feel myself being drawn into making Ai slop that just works with the algorithm. 

I feel trying to get viral is a sure fire way for my neurodivergent brain to reach burnout
  9. @theofficialgwiz [1 likes]: The crazy thing is the one time I went viral was just me authentically being me and telling a story of something cool I did. 😂
  10. @siliconBeachMirror [1 likes]: love it!
  11. @SimracingArnout: This is a good one, loved it dont like the skirt though, must be because I'm Dutch
  12. @ADPROFITS-e9i: why he is wearing a skirt ??
  13. @jeffhammerforteimpact: Truly appreciate the way you interact with your community. It shows.
  14. @gururavidasmaharaj8390: really makes me rethink my approach
  15. @kamrankhan-vx5mq: appreciate the fresh perspective on content
  16. @anku__sh__: i never thought about it this way
  17. @vikramkumar-c7y8o: wow this hits different
  18. @RohitDhara-ds6we: being a correct contrarian is hard because half the time people hear contrarian and assume you’re just being edgy. i liked the empathy + logic combo. Teract AI sounds like it’d help spot threads worth replying to.
  19. @antonioantonio8300: I love this guy , he says a lot but nothing at the same time.
Pretty much 40 + mins of bervorrea
  20. @Afterjamesproject: 2:28 as you subtly don’t give a F word I think you’d be proud of you, bro

- how to build a qualified audience of buyers (don't go viral): Kind: captions Language: en All right, this is going to be a content presentation. So, I mean, Alicia has been asking about it all day. A lot of you guys have been asking about, you know, how to actually like what's the personal branding strategy we're using in 2025 going into 2026. So, my goal with this is just to break down everything that I'm doing and really just how to build a qualified audience of buyers. That's what we've been able to do. You know, me and Josh have attended probably like the best we've learned from the best content coaches you can possibly learn from. Uh, we've went to the most expensive masterminds you can think of. We've learned from the best the industry leaders and so we're going to kind of go through everything. And this has resulted in us being able to obviously do the $224,000 month work with dream clients, you know, guys that are just absolutely crushing it, have amazing impact. Every time I post a piece of content, tens of thousands of people are consuming and actually listening to what I'm saying. And I think that alone is just such a it's such a fulfilling thing knowing that everything that I'm saying is also being listened to by thousands of other people. And obviously, um, this happened quite a few times already. I I thought it'd be cool to add in. Getting recognized in public is also pretty cool. I think I got stopped like six, seven times in in London, which is which is cool. And so it's it's been pretty cool. I got stopped at the Apple store. Like, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got stopped buying a laptop, which is really nice. And then, yeah, just comments that make your day, all this type of stuff. And the one thing that I will say before I even dive into everything is that this is the hardest problem to break in all of business. It really is. But once you do client acquisition becomes easy, these are the type of sales we've been able to generate off of content alone. Uh we've made 30K in a day obviously. Now before we get into the exact steps on how to actually build your brand and how to actually build a strong personal brand, we need to understand what the foundation actually is, right? So a lot of you are just posting once a day and maybe you haven't achieved, you know, the results that you wanted yet. And the most important thing that you have to realize is you have to focus on your influence and reach before you do anything. Because if you have a strong message, but five people are looking at your content and consuming your content, it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter, right? Because no one's actually watching it. And so you can have the best content, but if nobody sees it, it's all a waste of effort. It does not matter at all. And so the common problem that I see you guys make is that you target strictly your ICP. And I want to just break this limiting belief once and for all because a lot of you are always asking me, how can I target more of my ICP? How can I generate more qualified leads? You shouldn't make content for your ICP. You should make content for your actual dream follower. Okay? And so what a dream follower is, a dream follower is someone be beyond your ICP. This is someone that you actually want to connect with on a deeper, more personal level. So this is not actually your ICP. All right? And the reason why is because your ICP, the total addressable market of your ICP is always going to be lower. It's always going to be less. But the dream follower, the people that resonate with you is always going to be more. And so the question now becomes, how can we target the dream follower, right? And what you guys will find is that the ICP is always a part of the dream followers that you're targeting. So when you get good at really resonating and actually talking and speaking to your actual, you know, dream follower, then what happens is you target more of your ICP. And so you'll find more ICP within your dream follower because your content will have more TAM. So naturally, you have to play that game. You have to play the game that social media wants you to play. And if you're only targeting coaches that are making 3 to 20k a month or you're only targeting people that are 40 pounds overweight that have $3,000 to invest, that total addressable market is not good enough in order to actually scale, right? And so you can identify your dream follower by answering these following questions. Who are they? You know, like who is this person? What are their story? What do they look like? You need to figure that out. What are they passionate about? A lot of you guys have, you know, some similarities we have. We play basketball. A lot of you guys have mentioned that. That's not a coincidence. I I talk about basketball pretty often in my content because I know that that's a sport that a lot of people can relate to, right? Where are their goals, dreams, and desires? What are the deepest fears? Where are their struggles? All of these things are questions that you can actually answer yourself to get a better understanding of who your dream follower is. Because when you talk about your dream follower, you can target a much wider ICP. Okay? And then the second thing is asking current or new clients in the onboarding form. What about the content pushed you into buying? If you haven't implemented the onboarding form, I'm going to go through you a much more detail in a bit, but if you haven't implemented the onboarding yet, this is the number one insight and the number one information that you need to prioritize in order to get good at content. Okay, so this is top of funnel content. When you target a dream follower, you're naturally targeting a wider segment of the market, which is going to be a bit more broad. But if you guys want to scale organically, you have to understand that organic is not all about only targeting a qualified ICP. You have to play the volume game. Okay? Targeting a broader market in order to get more eyeballs and views, which will lead to more ICP followers. Now, here's the best way to do market research and create a brand. Create an onboarding form. So, as soon as someone pays, you need to understand what made them buy. What piece of content did they consume that allowed them to actually build that trust and get them to want to pay you thousands of dollars? So, the goal of this is to get an understanding of what makes you actually different. That's the whole goal. Why did your client choose you instead of the hundred of other competitors in your market? That's the whole goal of figuring this out. Okay? And that is your unique edge. That is the foundation and that's the basis of your personal brand. The foundation is not the value you provide. The foundation is what makes you different and why that client chose you. So, here are the most important questions you need to ask when a client actually signs up with you. The first one is what made you want to work with me? This is pretty straightforward. I recommend writing all these questions down and actually putting them in your onboarding form. Okay. What made you want to work with me? What finally pushed you to book a call? You need to understand what is the critical moment that got them from point A to point B? Because booking in a call is the hardest commitment that a prospect has to make. And the moment they make that commitment, chances are if you have a good sales process, it's a sale. What were your biggest hesitations before joining? Remember, this is clients that have already joined you. If you understand the biggest hesitations before they joined, you can do a better job of actually solving them. Okay? And so, here are a few examples. Was it the price? Was it the trust? Was it the timing? What was it? You need specific data and insights to figure out what were people actually hesitant about. All right, there are hundreds of other online coaches. Why did you choose me? I promise you, every single time someone answers this question, it's never that you're the most valuable. You post the most value content. Never. It's always about what makes you different, what makes you separate. And so a lot of you guys, I mean, if we look across the table, everyone's similar in age. We're all 20 to 30, right? Except for Hoku. He's 18. But, you know, everyone is very, very similar in age. We all have different, we all have very, very similar interests. A lot of us do sports. A lot of us go to the gym. A lot of us want to do it for our family. A lot of us are not crazy about materialistic stuff, you know, like when I look across the board, a lot of us are just wearing Zara, Zara, H&M, you know, like typical clothes, but that's because of the content. And so, if I wore flashy designer items, you guys would be filled with LV or this room would be filled with LV. it wouldn't you guys maybe wouldn't resonate with me that much. And so you have to understand why people choose you. In your opinion, what are the most valuable aspects of the program that you didn't realize were included until our call? The reason why we get this question is because we can show this more. We can show people that, hey, this is what the program actually includes without a sales call. So when they're watching the stories, when they're watching the Instagram, Instagram res, and they're watching the YouTube videos, you're talking about this. This is everything that you need. Okay? And so it could be done for you systems, it could be the Lucer Studio, it could be tracking, whatever it is, okay? And then what you want to ask is what are the goals, dreams, and desires? This is how you get good at topunnel content. And so if you've been struggling with essentially growing your audience, the reason why is because you're not good at understanding their goals, dreams, and desires. So this is what I put down for mine. They want to all all my clients basically want to feel successful in life and that they've made it. They want to be the most successful person in their bloodline. They want to make their parents and siblings proud. They want to work less hours and be more present in their lives. They want to be faster than the competition. They love cars and watches. All this stuff, right? So you got to figure out what is the goals and what is the desires that people that you can talk about in your content to not just attract your ICP but your dream follower. So when I talk about content like this, I'm obviously going to attract a much more a much wider demographic. But that's the point because the algorithm will push that content out. Okay? What are they passionate about? Right? Personal development. I can basically bet money that every single one of us goes to the gym. And it's not like we're all trying to make money online, but everyone every single one of us goes to the gym. And there's a reason, right? There's a reason for that. And so I talk about that in my content. Personal development is constantly trying to get better. Um, some people have started their business because of a rough breakup with their girlfriend or whatever. Um, and then this is like their kind of like way to get back on their feet and all that, right? A few clients that I've had have said this. Uh, they wake up early to train and all this type of stuff. He loves a community. they can be a part of all of this. And so what I've been able to do is I've been able to take segments of what people actually like me for and what they actually want and show that. So this is a aspect that I noted down, make their parents and siblings proud of them, right? And so a real that I created from that specific piece of insight was me calling my mom and getting her live reaction. And now you guys see every single person whenever they hit a record month, suddenly they call on them all, you know? And I think this was just so intentional. It was just designed to build that level of trust and gets these people to really just want to work with me. When I talk about watches, I mean, every single one of us loves watches. I'm for the most part. I don't want to speak for everybody, right? But when I show watches that I'm planning on getting or when I show that I bought this Sky Dweller or things like that, it appeals to a much larger demographic. And that's how you build that specific audience. Obsessed with fitness, right? If I show that I'm training myself, I'm trying to get a better physique, I'm trying to eat a clean diet, that will resonate with you more. And so all of these things add up over time. And you know, if you're if you have three, four things similar to me, you're going to choose me over every other competitor in the space. That's how it works, right? It's not about the value. Loves good company and people that have a similar mindset to him. The reason why I host these masterminds and what I love about this is that we get to connect like everyone get gets to connect together. Everyone gets to be together. Everyone gets to sit down and get to know each other. And I think that aspect is so underrated. I mean, think about it like this. You're probably the only person in your hometown that is trying to make money online. And if I can provide a community outside of your current friend group and outside of your current social circle and give you that opportunity to network and reach out to people that are like-minded, of course you're going to buy from me, right? And so these are all insights and datas, which is why every time that we host a mastermind, every time that we host an Inerson event, we always hit a record month. It's not accident, right? And so once you have the attention and enough ICP followers, now you want to focus on nurturing them. This is where middlefunnel content gets in. So to give you guys a rough summary, the top offunnel content is simply attracting dream followers. There's five stages of awareness. I think I covered this in the first presentation, right? There's unaware, there's problem aware, there's solution aware, product aware, and most aware. I'm not going to go through this because we've already gone through it, but essentially your goal with middleunnal content is to bring these guys from solution aware all the way to the most aware. That is simply the goal. Top of funnel is to get more brand awareness, get more resonance, get more liability. And so if you struggle with lead flow, that is what you focus on. Middle of funnel is building that brand credibility, that problem awareness, and building that trust. And so Allesia, you Allesio and Brian, you guys have 400,000 followers. No top of funnel basically. You know, you guys should be focusing on the middle funnel. How to build more credibility, how to actually get these guys to realize that this is the problem that they have. How can you build more trust? That's what you focus on. Someone else like let's say, right? Your problem right now is that you just need more awareness. You need more viral videos. You need more people looking at your content because you're selling a B2C offer. Same with you, Leo. Right? So, you need to understand what type of content you want to double down on. And based on that, you can actually reverse engineer your content strategy to maybe target 75% top ofunnel, 25% middle of funnel, or vice versa. It depends on what your situation is. And so the key to middlefunnel content, again, it's insights and data. Like that's all it is. Here's what my setter said. We always get our appointment setters to give us data on what is being said in the DMs. And so George, who was my setter at the time, that scaled me to $224,000 a month. The most asked questions were bad setters, stress about delegating, low lead quality, low closing rate, how to target ICP, and mindset issues and limiting beliefs, right? And then we also have a few YouTube videos that were brought up very often in the in the DMs. People were asking about, you know, the mastermind in the pool. Um the Eman YouTube video, the mindset value video. Everyone's talking about the mindset valley video, you know, and what phase of people, what phase of the business are most people in? 5 to 20k a month. They're 6 to 12 months into coaching. They're always a oneman team. So, do you see how those insights, if I know that half of my demographic is a oneman team, I can always talk about outsourcing and hiring and working smarter and having more leverage. That is insight that I drew from the appointment setting, right? And so, when it comes to stress about delegating, cool. How I run 150k a month business while working four hours a day. What is my workflow look like? What is outsource? What do I actually work on as a founder? When I when the mindset issues and the limiting beliefs come up my the body video, right? How I remove my limiting beliefs and now I make 151 at 20. What limiting beliefs did I remove? And so you must have an amazing understanding of your ICP to download the middle of funnel. And content at a certain level is all about market research and data and insights. It's all about that. And that's why I strongly strongly recommend if you guys have enough clients and you're already in a nice city, host a mastermind. Host a one day mastermind. Do it for free, you know, and get your clients together and get them just get people together. Create that FOMO because that's what people want. The marketing team and the sales team are working with each other. >> That's what you guys have to that's what you guys have to connect. So often I see you guys when you run your business, the marketing department and the sales department are two separate entities. They're not talking to each other. They're only focused on their job. But for my team, my business, the marketing department and the sales department are always conversing back and forth and always generating winning middlefunnel content ideas. And so even though I'm presenting on a mindset video, we've been able to get 100,000 views. Even though I'm talking about a salesunnel, we've been able to get 30,000 views because a large market of the a large portion of the market is struggling with that problem. Okay? And so there's no need to play a guessing game and no need to try and guess what content you need to post if you're constantly collecting data from the people that you're trying to sell to. And who better can you collect that data from from the appointment setters and the closers? That's your best creative director, your appointment setter. And if you're in the DMs yourself, then even better, right? Not really. But I'd recommend just talking to your appointment setter so much to the point where he fully understands that this is the problem. Okay? And then once you have the insights, you can double down on finding a format that can tackle those limiting beliefs. It's it's that simple. It's that simple. And so people always ask in the DMs, "What salesunnel do I implement? Do I run ads? Do I run organic? do I run whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they're thinking about video right here. I copied hormones salesunnel and made me 151k a month. And I also want to break down why this video performed well. The fundamental idea on what the the reason why this performed well is because it seems low effort and it's an astonishing result. So I recommend if you guys are on YouTube, every single one of you should rip this format. I copied XYZ and it got me desired outcome. That is a format that every single one of you should rip after this mastermind. Right? And the reason why is because it's low effort. I copied. Copied feels like there's low effort. Oh, I just looked at what he did and I did the same thing and then it made me this amount. And so, as you can see, the thumbnails here very creative as well. Hormosi over here. 151k here. It's very, very low low effort, which is why people actually click on the video. How do I make more while working less? People are always asking this in the DMs. They want to get out of the 10-hour workday. They want to work less. They want to have more leverage. This video solves exactly that problem. Okay. How do I get more inbound leads? Story strategy. This is a story strategy that I use and I think one of you guys, I think it was you, Brian, right? Brian brought this up. This is one of the first videos he watched, right? What type of lifestyle can I attain? Again, no one actually cares about the outcome. Nobody cares about more inbound leads. People care about more inbound leads so they can actually have a lifestyle. So don't forget to portray what lifestyle people can attain when they have your product and when they have the result that you guys are promising them. And so even though you know we post tons of value, the vlogs have also done an amazing job because the vlogs showing behind thes scenes access to, you know, what I'm doing in my business, how I'm running it, and how life looks like. You know, what kind of results can I expect? Again, I don't promise a guarantee. I don't promise a result. I don't say that I can make you 50k a month. No, I I'm going to show you the results that I've gotten for my clients. You decide the result that you want. That takes the pressure off of me in the fulfillment. So, this ties back into fulfillment. When you have dozens, if not hundreds of case studies and interviews that people can look at, they're going to be like, "Oh, I think I can make 50k a month with this guy's help." Okay, then join. You know, so that's how you actually solve all these problems. Every single one of your YouTube videos and your reals should slowly solve objections and chip away so that they're closer to buying. What client results have you generated? Again, more client results. What does your one-on-one coaching look like? These videos are amazing for middleunnel because the one of the problems that people face before they work with you is they don't know how you coach them. If you show a one-on-one client breakdown session on what your one-on-one coaching looks like, they're going to see whether or not it's a good fit. So, a lot of you know that I'm very direct. I'm very blunt. I don't like to sugarcoat things. I just tell you how it is. And usually nine times out of 10, it'll make you more money, right? 6.5,000 people watched a 101 breakdown that I had with Jaden. And from my perspective, this is probably one of the highest levels I can pull on my content simply because if people like how direct I am, they will choose me over everybody else. If people like how much, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I give Jaden because of the fact that he's not doing what he needs to do, people are going to want to work with me. And so, these are all things that you have to think about. Your clients don't know what it's like to work with you. They don't know what a one-on-one call would look like. So, how can you expect them to fork out tens of thousands of dollars? They can't, right? But if you show and you reverse engineer what your clients are thinking when they watch your content and what actually goes into the buying process, then you can get good at content. What's the blueprint to 100K a month? Again, another client breakdown. And what you'll realize is that in these client breakdowns, you can look at the comments. Everyone is talking about how much I actually care about my clients. And that's part of the reason why you guys chose me as well. You guys chose me because, you know, I actually I'm willing to go out the way to to make this happen, you know. And so, there's one thing that nobody talks about that is also an absolute gold mine. Now, one thing I would say before I even dive into that, these are all videos you guys should all film. If you struggle with building trust, these are the videos that have gotten us the most [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sales. So, don't just look at this and like, you know, think it's valuable and stuff. Like, actually film it when you get back, okay? Because these are the videos that lead to the inbounds, that lead to the 10, 12k pips, the 20k deals, all of that. All right? So, basically, there's one thing that nobody talks about that is an absolute gold mine. And when you crack it, you'll get messages like this. This is one of the DMs we got. I've been wanting to work with you for a while. I have a Tik Tok shop offer that did 28K rev. Is there any way you could give me more details on what you guys do? I know the price is near 20K, which I'm in the position to pay. Just curious on how you guys are actually giving me the info on how I need to scale. This guy, this first DM that he sent to us, he called, he did all the qualifications for us basically. I mean, he said he has 20K to invest. He's making 20K a month. He just needs more details. When you solve, when you do, when you understand this concept, you're going to get DMs like this. Okay, there you go. Right, this is the gold mine. Objections you hear on sales calls are absolute gold mines for content. This is where the best content ideas are. Okay? If someone gives you an objection on a sales call, what you need to understand is that hundreds of your prospects feel the exact same thing. They feel the exact same way that that person is feeling. And so, there's a gap in your marketing that actually failed to solve that objection. There's a gap in your marketing. What's an objection you guys commonly get? Just shout it out if you guys can. >> Lack of capital. >> Lack of capital. It's tough cuz it's like >> yeah, >> you know, >> if it's a lack of capital, then I'd argue that you don't have enough free course or like enough valuable information to get them that capital. >> You know what I mean? >> Um, so one one way to solve that is how can you provide so much free value where they're already making 5 to 10k a month with your free value. So when they're at 10k a month and they want to scale to 30, you're the person they're going to. Boom. So it's a matter of just giving them enough blueprint. >> Any other objections you guys get? time >> the time they need to create all the content that they're running your business. So don't worry that we won't have enough time. >> Okay. So imagine you broke down the done for you systems that you provide and how this like imagine you posted a client interview of a eight figureure CEO that only had two hours in this week and still matching scales personal brand. That limiting belief is removed like this off that client interview. And then you had another video breaking down the mirror presentation on exactly how your content systems work for busy business owners, right? Boom. That objection solved right there and you'll never get it again. You'll never get it again. So that's another one. Any other objections and you guys got a good sales process, huh? same knowledge on pathway. knowledge on pathway. >> All right. Specifically, what what they'd be doing in high ticket sales? >> What they'd be doing? >> Okay. I mean, that's a pretty easy one. Like, what is high ticket sales? Boom. Easy. But that's also a very unaware market that I don't think is worth targeting cuz there's too many stages for them to go through, right? And so, I'd argue that you you already want to target someone that's already knows what high ticket sales is, but Leo is the go-to guy for that. You know what I mean? >> I'm sure you guys Honey objection that he will operate make more money. It's just a target. >> That mean Yeah. It's just talking problem. Yeah. Exactly. Uh how many of you guys get I need to think about it? >> Yes. >> You guys get that? >> Okay. So, the truth is the reason why they're not we don't get I need to think about it anymore. Like that objection has completely been removed in our sales calls. So, what I do is I have all the Fathom recordings from my closer and we've just basically compiled all the objections. we don't have I need to think about it anymore. The only reason why someone would not work with us is if our prices are just way too high for that, which is understandable. That's a that's an objection I'm will to have, you know, and it's like over time they will eventually start working with us. But the time but the I need to think about it objection is purely a lack of proof. It's purely a lack of proof. And so when you get that when you get that I need to think about it objection, ask yourself how many client interviews do you have up? It's probably not enough. is probably not enough because if someone saw like the perfect example is like when I posted that Tik Tok shop uh coaching offer scale like when I posted Alex interview five different Tik Tok shop coaches reached out and joined that same month that same month five other people did it and so you got to ask yourself okay like if I can basically find a client interview for every single person every type of ICP that I can get what is there to think about and so for you it's like the busy the busy guy right and And you could find another one that's an online coach that has a lot of time. You can find another one that has another situation. And you find all of these different ICPS, all these different types of people to where it's inevitable for them to not work with you. That's all it is. Okay? And you can put them in the chat JP and ask this prompt. All your Fathom recordings, these are all my sales calls for my consulting business that helps this type of client achieve this type of result without pain point. I want you to pinpoint every single objection that a prospect gives me that stops them from buying from in order of how often that objection shows up. And so some of them are asking, I don't know if you can help me. Value videos and long form showing my expertise, right? And so these are videos where I actually show my expertise and show that I'm good at what I do. I've been burned before. I'm scared this will happen again. I can remove their limiting belief and talk about my own story right here. I'm not sure if this can work for my niche. dozens of clients interviews in every single niche and vertical you can think of. So, like I said, like a lot of people will be like, they think they're special. They think that's a special snowflake, right? Oh, but my situation is different. If you have so many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] client interviews, they can't say that anymore. Like this one right here. Read this title. He makes 55K a month from teaching people how to kick higher. We scaled them from 10K to 55K in 30 days because we like in such a specific niche. And so if you have a niche that's not as weird and you look at that, you're like, "This guy can probably help me." You know what I mean? And so every single niche, every single vertical, think about every type of ICP that you want to attract and you want to sell to, how can you get a client interview out? Which ties back to the fulfillment. So do you see how everything revolves around the fulfillment? If you don't have a good product, your marketing is just not going to be as good. more, right? And so your sales call should have zero objections. They should simply be asking you more details on what it looks like to work with you. How much is it? How many one-on- ones do I get? How many group calls? Are there inerson masterminds? That's what the sales call should look like. And so objections mean a lack of quality in your marketing. And yes, high ticket closing is important. I'm always going to stress the importance of getting good at closing. But as an offer owner, the highest lever you can pull is to get better at marketing, not get better at closing. And the reason why is because closing is a temporary solution to a long-term problem. If you're not the guy closing and you have a closer that's not you, that's not the face of the marketing, that is less qualified than you, that is not as good as you in on this on the phone, then your sales call will drop. But if you focus on increasing your marketing and actually understanding what are the data and insights that are stopping them from working with me, now your content becomes better and now you don't even need a a player closer. You know what I mean? It makes the scaling process so much easier. It's a 7-Eleven 4 rule. To make a purchase, a consumer needs to engage with a brand for 7 hours, have 11 touch points, and encounter encounter the brand across four different platforms. Obviously, it's extremely important to get you guys, you know, get get these guys nurtured and actually get content consumed, but this is how much it takes. And so, if you're not willing to play the long-term game and you're not willing to do content for the long term, don't even try. You can run paid ads. You can run cold email. But if you want to build a long-term niche brand full of qualified buyers, this is the main stat you have to look at. So, it's a volume. Once you crack the data and the insights, once you understand that, then it's a volume game. Okay? And so the people on my IG are going to my YouTube. The people on my YouTube are going to my IG. And it's this constant flywheel. And you imagine off of IG alone, there's reals, there's stories, there's DMs, three different touch points, right? And then the YouTube, there's 20-minute video, 30 minute video. And so if you're watching 20 30 minute videos of me, you're watching 60-second reels of me, you're watch you're reading all my story sequences, you're engaging with my appointment set in the DMs, in a matter of weeks or a matter of days, you are going to buy from me. And a lot of you already have one aspect, right? A lot of you already have, let's say, the IG reels dialed in like you guys, right? 400K followers, IG reels dialed in, but your appointment process is completely non-existent right now, you know? And then the YouTube is also not as not where it needs to be. And the story is also not not where it needs to be. So you have one out of the four. If you dial in just two out of the four, that's a double in the business right there. It it's that simple, you know. It's that simple. So the fourth one is a conf content infrastructure in the team. How do you actually build the infrastructure to be able to sustain all of this revenue? Right? Here's what my internal team looks like on my Crave direction side. I have Crave Director, obviously Josh. Um, I have my YouTube editor and I have a short form editor, one person for each department. And basically every single Wednesday, my team leads the call. My creative director leads the call, right? And he basically gives me a summary on the weekly performance and he brainstorms ideas that he got from the sales team that I can actually recreate and I can post. I am not the guy that's deciding what I need to film. I am deciding what I need to film off of what the appointment setters are telling me, what the closer is telling me, and the creative director's input. Your lack of understanding in the sales process is part of the reason why you guys are stuck. And so, as a result, we've gained a lot of followers, we gain a lot of views, and you know, we even go as far as to basically track every single metric on the rules that we post. So, I'm going to break this down for you guys. We had a real get over 46,000 views. We gained over 800 followers. We calculated the follower per,000 views. 17.7 followers per,000 views. What that means is that this reel is different. It's memorable. It gets people to want to click on my profile and click the follow button. That is super super important. Too many of you are just so concerned with the views you get. I'm concerned with my follower per view ratio. And that determines this is a four-star rating. This is way better than the video that only got me 0.95 followers per thousand views because this one I look like everyone else. So no one even bothers to click on my profile and actually drop me a follow. That is insight you need to understand right and then we also understand okay this is a top of funnel this is a middleunnel and then what type of business is what type of video is it? Is it about business? Is it documentation? Is it a sales call? And you know, we've we've even added a new column where we track the qualified followers, not just the new followers, but the qualified followers. And we do this with a VA. Um, so that's how we do it. We also have systems like this, right? And so, like I said, your business is only as good as the systems that you have. And so if your business can't run without you and you're just sending links back and forth with your editor, how are you going to 2x 3x the output? How are you going to be better? You can't, right? So this is everything, right? This is like another NA automation that I got one of my VAS to build. I paid for a bit of AI consultation. They told us this is one of the best content research bots and we've been using it ever since. All of these things add up. And as you can see, because I put so much emphasis on all the little details in a year time span, I'm going to gap my competition, double down on what works through data and insights. That's the key factor. Okay? And what you can do is you can track meaningful comments, saves, and the entire onboarding process. And for me personally, I love to get $50 per editor for every sale that comes from a qualified inbound content lead. If I get a qualified inbound lead from content, I reward the editor that clipped it up. Okay. And one thing I will say as well for the people that are trying Black Borders, if there is no SOP and there's no framework and there's no guideline to follow and you're just giving a bunch of clips to the editor, what you're doing is you're literally shooting darts in the dark cuz you don't even know if the editor understands why people choose you. He's not even talking to the appointment setter. He's not even talking to the closer. He doesn't even understand what content really is. He's just there to clip videos. And so how can you expect that to work when you don't even give him sense of direction, right? You have to incentivize him. Give him a reason to actually listen to you because his interest is served when he makes you more money. And then also he has to understand what to actually click. There has to be an initiative in your team to suggest more content formats, suggest more topics and more everything. You should not be the one that's deciding everything in the business because you don't have the most data and insights. The people that are actually in the day-to-day sales process, those are the people that should be deciding what middle phone content you should be posting. Okay, this is also another bonus thing. We have $50 for every 100 qualified followers gained and $500 bonus for hitting the month's reach goal. So, if I set a goal this month, I want to hit 90,000 followers. um if we hit it, I'll give every editor a nice $500 bonus. I don't mind, you know, and if we don't hit it, then we just don't hit it, right? And so someone out there spends a 100k to make a million, you need to be so ahead that you dictate where the industry goes. And so the free course example was perfect. I mean, I released a free course and I think a lot of my competitors also released their own free course. I mean, valid. This this free course alone made me I think this this free course made me over 300k um off of everything. Me deciding to actually put emphasis towards understanding what the insights and what are the problems that my ICP is facing allowed me to come up with a video which is 7 hours long. Put out my free course for free. Boom. How many of you guys have watched it? Just out of curiosity. >> Watch a part of it. >> Part of it. Okay. So even if you just watch a part of it, the idea that I drop seven hours worth of value for free, that automatically positions me as completely different from everybody else, you know, because I give before I take. You guys are always wanting to take take. I need more sales. I need more book calls. But what have you given in order to achieve that? What have you given in order to get that? If it's things like this, then of course you're going to make a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money, right? So, if you're on YouTube and the problem that you're facing is trust, a free course video is probably the highest lever you can pull because it'll disrupt your industry. It'll position you as the industry leader and it'll force your competition to put out their free courses as well. And if your fulfillment is as good as is better than everybody else's, your free course will be better than everyone else's. And people will make a calculated decision based on the free value they get. This was a strategic move by me. I knew my competitors were going to do the same thing. I knew my competitors were going to release another free course video. And I looked at their free course videos and it's so fluff. It's so so much so mediocre, you know? And anyone with a brain, if they compared my free course video and the competitor's free course video, they knew that I'm a better person to work with because I because of the way that I was speaking, because of the concepts I covered and all this. And so if you're really as good as you think you are and really as good as you say you are, put your money where your mouth is, put a free course video. Force your competitors to do the same thing and everyone will be able to see who's the best mentor in your industry. That's the chess game you have to play. And if you want to become an industry leader, this is the stuff you have to do. Don't be afraid of providing enough free value. There's never enough free value because eventually if you don't give that free value, someone else is going to say what you were going to say and get all the credit for it and they're going to make all the money from it. This free course video is the perfect foot in the door, especially for sophisticated clients. You guys need to post a free course video. Leo, you need to post a free course video. Every single one of you needs to post a free course video. It is the number one YouTube video you can This as well, right? I mean, we basically kind of brainstormed how how can we make it entertaining for me to show that I can make that I make a lot of money and that I'm I'm very competent at what I do. sales calls videos, dealing with live objections, collecting cash on call, having that entertainment aspect, and then the viewer is like, "Oh, did he click a sale?" Like, it's entertaining, right? The other one is obviously, you know, parents reaction on how much I'm making. It's a very like it's a very out of the ordinary video that you barely see. And for a lot of people, I mean, every single one of us wants to do this in part to make our parents proud, to take care of our family. And if I show you that I've already achieved that, you're going to be like, "Fuck, I want to achieve that as well. What is he doing that I'm not doing?" Okay, he has this funnel. He has this system. He has this whatever. And boom, now you're in the funnel. So this these two videos, top of funnel videos, million views, 195,000 views. They're not targeting full coaches, but what it is targeting is everyone that wants this outcome. And beneath the million views, there's probably thousands of coaches that have watched this video. And I know that for a fact. I know that for a fact. Okay? And as you can see, when you post real good quality content, this is what happens. We've had extremely extremely extremely qualified leads follow us because we're dictating where the industry goes. We're forcing our hand. We know that we have the best fulfillment. So, let me put out the best free course. Let me put out the best free course that no one else can compete with, right? We know that, you know, we're in a position where we can just dictate where the industry goes. So, let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do it. Don't be in the game to just want to participate and just play and make 10 20k a month. You can literally dominate the industry with just a few strategic moves. Cuz a lot of you guys, your performance is amazing, but you haven't positioned yourself to where you are the industry leader. Okay? And when you do, people that you respect, people that you look up to will follow you. At 20 to 30K a month, getting to 100K a month isn't about what you do. It's about your team's competence and your capability. Okay? And so 0 to 30k a month is your founders's competence. 30 to 100K a month is your team's competence. And I promise you off of content alone, I don't doubt that you guys will be able to scale to a whole another level when it comes to just understanding more data, more insights, and more information on what your ICP actually struggles with. All right.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PatrickD2410 [12 likes]: getting stopped 6-7 times is crazy😳
  2. @HealthmaxxingGermany [3 likes]: Wake up babe, new Soowei video
  3. @chardy2k [1 likes]: I'll be the first Fillipino who will attend your live master mind soon!!!
  4. @sunnyysahh [1 likes]: repost?
  5. @andrewraducan [1 likes]: insane value as always
  6. @Samuel.Irving [1 likes]: First
  7. @ZachCrawford: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:05 ⏰ Ed Lawrence worked intensely, dedicating long hours to video creation, illustrating the commitment required for success.
00:27 💰 He achieved $500k/month revenue on YouTube without needing high view counts, focusing instead on monetization strategies.
00:41 ⚡ Ed advocates against obsessing over views, believing it leads to burnout for creators.
01:24 🚀 Building a quality product rather than a marketing funnel is touted as the key growth driver moving forward.
02:36 🎤 Ed began by creating videos for small audiences but shifted focus towards producing content for businesses.
06:30 🔄 He made a significant pivot from high production value videos to a simplified approach centered on audience engagement.
09:20 🔍 Realizing the power of urgency and lead generation, Ed focused on attracting the right audience rather than just chasing views.
10:59 📈 He discovered sustainability by prioritizing business growth over view counts, leading to more profitable engagement.
12:53 🎯 Tailoring content messaging to target specific demographics resulted in higher-quality leads and improved revenue potential.
14:35 🎤 Ed chose not to revive his old channel to maintain the option of return and demonstrate growth from scratch.
15:18 📈 His revenue doubled annually, reaching $4.5 million, despite reduced view counts.
16:11 ⏳ The new approach required significantly less work compared to his previous methods, improving both efficiency and enjoyment.
17:21 🛠️ Initially, he offered one-on-one calls, quickly transitioning to workshops after successfully reaching out to his email list.
19:00 💸 Selling courses on demand yielded impressive results, with one course generating $25,000 shortly after launch.
20:10 🚀 Ed shut down his business after realizing it no longer brought him happiness, despite its financial success.
21:20 🔄 He explored various monetization strategies, including low, mid, and high-ticket offerings, to diversify income streams.
22:32 😓 High-ticket offerings can attract unprepared clients, creating stress and inefficiencies for the provider.
23:28 🚧 Ed preferred maintaining personal satisfaction over scaling his business, opting for creativity and fulfillment instead.
25:08 🤖 He developed AI tools to provide instant support, facilitating faster client action and maintaining accountability.
27:02 🧠 His software aims to simplify the content creation process, providing structured support and feedback at each stage.
30:04 📝 Ed emphasizes the importance of personal input in scriptwriting rather than relying solely on AI-generated content.
30:32 🎤 Natural speaking improves script quality effortlessly.
31:00 🧠 AI aids in generating unique research ideas for content.
31:53 ⚙️ Developing a course focused on AI that imitates the creator's thinking.
32:36 🛠️ AI simplifies creation, but lacks scalability for beginners.
33:04 🧪 Testing the AI tool with client feedback for continuous improvement.
36:06 🔄 Shutting down a successful venture to invest time in future-oriented projects.
37:36 📚 Writing a book to elevate business presence and share knowledge.
39:30 🚀 Creating impactful products leads to better client attraction.
40:53 ⏳ Implementing gamification to combat content creation procrastination.
43:12 🤖 Optimizing AI bots to reflect simplified teaching methods.
44:10 😩 Avoiding mass-market content creation due to burnout and stress.
45:33 ❤️ Enjoying high-ticket group coaching for its rewarding interactions.
46:27 🚀 Ed pursued a business model that offered freedom in terms of time and location but realized it required immense dedication and effort.
46:54 ⚠️ After 33 consecutive workdays, Ed recognized the toll on his health, comparing his work habits to an addiction.
52:18 🌐 The fast-paced nature of the internet creates pressure to constantly work, as success can feel binary—either you're ahead or falling behind.
53:13 🌴 Ed enjoys taking Friday afternoons off, leading to a feel-good effect similar to taking a mini-vacation.
54:00 💼 Outsourcing sales increased Ed's business significantly, allowing him to focus on other aspects of his work without losing personal touch.
57:12 🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Ed prefers a small team, hiring individuals with common sense and drive, minimizing the training they require.
59:29 🌟 Ed shared how he found talented team members who were genuinely enthusiastic about contributing to his business, leading to significant success.
01:01:37 🔍 A young man's rapid learning and insights show potential for success in YouTube.
01:02:06 🚀 Starting an agency by offering free help can build testimonials and lead to paid opportunities.
01:04:00 🎯 Strong team management relies on hiring proactive, common-sense driven individuals who can resolve issues independently.
01:05:09 📹 Focus on providing valuable content rather than trying to quickly grow a YouTube channel for leads.
01:05:39 🏆 Staying in one's niche and providing a unique perspective is crucial for success on platforms like YouTube.
01:06:51 🌟 Storytelling can make otherwise dull information engaging and memorable for viewers.
01:09:25 🤖 As AI improves, personal storytelling and unique perspectives may become key differentiators in content creation.
01:12:30 🎬 Future content creators may focus on directing quality content rather than the technical aspects of creation.
01:15:32 📚 Unique personal stories and testimonials will continue to hold value over AI-generated content in educating audiences.
01:17:25 🎓 Expertise is crucial, as experienced creators often produce better content that resonates with audiences.
01:18:52 🚀 Communication skills matter; mastery comes from teaching and sharing knowledge effectively.
01:19:19 📊 Long-term involvement in a niche provides necessary backstories for successful content creation.
01:20:16 🛠️ Authenticity and expertise in subject matter surpass camera presence; viewers value solid knowledge.
01:21:11 📚 Many successful YouTubers are also authors, indicating the importance of structured and well-thought-out content.
01:22:36 📈 Positioning is vital; understanding target audience interests enhances video relevance and boosts viewership.
01:23:16 🤔 Thumbnail and title must capture curiosity by making content relatable and engaging according to audience preferences.
01:24:27 ⚡ A clear and focused intro is essential; it should align with viewers' expectations set by the thumbnail and title.
01:26:05 🔄 Structuring content effectively keeps viewers engaged; consistently remind them of what was promised in the intro.
01:28:01 🧩 Following a template can improve video retention, particularly for educational content or when targeting a specific outcome.
01:30:07 🎨 Mastering a structure helps creators develop their unique style while simplifying complex subjects for viewers.
01:32:43 💰 Focusing on conversions and business metrics often outweighs the obsession with accumulating views in a niche market.
01:33:12 💰 Successful monetization requires optimizing sales pages and offers rather than relying on a magic formula.
01:34:08 📝 Planning content can enhance clarity and efficiency; scripted delivery emphasizes substance without wasted words.
01:35:04 🎤 Mastering teleprompting allows presenters to focus on delivery, reducing cognitive load during recordings.
01:38:23 ⏱️ Using a script streamlines the editing process, saving time and ensuring cohesive content creation.
01:39:34 🚀 There are lucrative opportunities in underserved niches, like LinkedIn marketing, that can provide a competitive edge.
01:40:02 🤝 Merging agency work with information products and software can optimize service delivery and enhance value for clients.
01:43:08 🔄 Continuous content creation is essential for personal brands, as a break can lead to diminishing returns on engagement and income.
01:45:11 💸 Cash can be an immediate exit strategy for personal brands, but transitioning to a sellable asset requires careful planning.
01:46:22 ⚖️ Balancing click-worthy thumbnails with trustworthiness is crucial, especially for industries like law where credibility matters.
01:48:14 🎨 Successful content often appears boring and serious, but it can attract viewers effectively.
01:48:27 🔄 Finding a consistent and effective style is key; repeating successful strategies yields better results.
01:48:42 ⚖️ There is a spectrum between clickbait and genuine content; curiosity plays a crucial role in attracting viewers.
01:49:11 ❓ Curiosity is the primary driver for clicks, and understanding different levels can enhance content appeal.
01:49:24 🧠 Crafting compelling thumbnails and titles is essential, alongside creating engaging content that fulfills expectations.
01:49:40 📈 Balancing intriguing hooks with valuable content is crucial to maintain credibility while attracting clicks.

Made with HARPA AI
  8. @benjam70: W
  9. @masonlewis47: 🔥
  10. @Behnam_Dalil: Cooking
  11. @djihadmahamdi1201: Amazing video man.. so proud ! Also I love seeing Muheez there !
  12. @Divy1422: Hey Soowei , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with More high Quality Editing and thumbnails for your videos than the current ones and also help you with strategies that can really help you get great results and grow your channel faster man, Lmk if you are open to explore it man?

- How to Market a Viral App (500K Downloads Playbook): Kind: captions Language: en Lovable Cruy Geni. Do you know what these three startup have in common? Three letters. UGC. They mastered user generated content. Because people trust word of mouth more than anything else, UGC replicates that at scale. It looks like friends recommending products and not brands pushing ads. So, how do you actually do this? To show you exactly how to scale your product from zero to thousands of users, I invited Julia, co-founder of PlayKit. They help startup like Substack or Flow generate over 70 million views and tens of thousands of downloads, posting more than 8,000 pieces of content every single month. >> We scaled to about half a million downloads really, really quickly. I was the only person doing distribution at all. We didn't have influencers. We didn't have paid ads. >> In this video, you will discover the exact playbook from zero followers to your first video at 100k view that convert. why your comment section matters more than your video and how to hire and scale to 100 plus content creator without droning in management. Let's dive in. Julia, before we start, why should I care about UGC or organic content on Tik Tok? >> I love it. Yeah, I think UGC and organic marketing is really going to be the next biggest distribution channel. We've never had a marketing channel like this before where you can really ingrain yourself into your own target audienc's community and kind of do marketing from the inside out rather than you know influencer marketing, paid ads is really from the outside in where you're able to just put out so many pieces of content. learn what resonates with your users and then also understand and learn how you can change and shift your product to actually replicate some of the learnings that you're finding on all of these different content pieces. So, it's really great across the board when it comes to you know messaging but then also for your product as well >> and what kind of result I can have with like UGC or if I start myself to just publish content on Tik Tok. Yeah, I mean I think it's pretty incredible. In the beginning and like how I started doing UGC, it was just me working at a startup leading growth there. Um, so I was the only creator, but we scaled to about half a million downloads really, really quickly. I was the only person doing distribution at all. We didn't have influencers. We didn't have paid ads. Um, it was just my job to, you know, post a couple times a day on TikTok, learn what was doing well, reply to some comments, and the the flywheel can really spin from there. Okay, I'm hooked. So, I'm an India India or a SAS founder. I have a Tik Tok account, but I have absolutely no follower and I don't know where to start or to get my first download. What do I do? >> Yeah, I think um the first thing you got to do is you got to do a really really big deep dive into okay, you know, I want to get users for my app. Who are these users? Give them a name. I think a lot of people who I talk to online on Twitter come to me and I'm like, okay, who's your target audience? And a lot of times people can't answer that question for me. And my first question back to them is, how are you ever going to expect to find and reach these people if you don't even know who they are? Um, so do a lot of research and understanding, you know, who am I trying to reach here? Who would really benefit from my product? And then that's the first step you need in order to start marketing for them. Once you do that, you can, you know, create the Tik Tok account. Um, I also get a lot of founders coming to me who are like, I don't really want to create content in my with my face on it. And I'm like, well, you got to get some cash flow then because that's the easiest and the cheapest way to just market your product and to, you know, get your first users. Um, there's a lot of resources out there now and we share a lot of resources through Playit too on, you know, how to create those initial videos, but a lot of it is just testing and learning, too. look at and see what other people are doing in your space and with similar products and replicate and and kind of go from there. Um, when I started, I like wasn't even a Tik Tok user really. I was just totally self-taught. And as long as you pay attention and you watch what people are enjoying on the algorithm, then you can totally succeed at it too. >> So interesting what you just said. You said that you were not a user of Tik Tok yourself. And I think a lot of thing that stop funer or anyone actually to start is that I don't know Tik Tok. I'm too old or you know like I'm not a user of it. So how do I even create my account or is there like something I should do before posting maybe? >> Yeah, great question. Yeah, I think too it's Tik Tok is not like um like for me I I'm super non-technical and I'd be like I don't really want to learn how to code and I I don't think I would be necessarily good at that. But Tik Tok is one of those things where you can really learn a lot by just observing um and and testing because it you get the feedback loop so quickly that you could understand, you know, what works and what doesn't. But yeah, I think when you're going from those zero to one stages, it's really important that you do all the right things that people say on Twitter, right? So like warm up your account when you have that understanding of your target audience before you even post any of your videos. You want to make sure that when you do post, those videos are going to go to the right people. Um, so how to warm up your account, you just created a brand new Tik Tok account. What you do, you go to your for you page and you search up terms and you search up questions that you think your target user or your target audience would likely also be searching up. Um, I just talked to somebody who has an app that throws events in New York City for maybe people who just moved to a new city. So, for that example, they would be searching things like how to make friends in a new city or events in NYC around me, things like that. Um so then when you post your videos re targeting those people who are looking up and curious about those things and those pain points your videos reach them and then in that process as well you'll see what other types of content kind of float in that niche and you're able to do a lot of research and understanding of okay how do I replicate some of these already viral pieces but plug my product in there too. There was something like really interesting that you shared is that for example, if I have a B2C mobile app myself, if I create a Tik Tok account, I should not like put the logo and the name on it, but more create like a different kind of account with a description that is like almost the one that my uh ICP like my ideal customer will have as well. And you gave an example about let's say I am a woman who want to learn Spanish in 70 days and that would be my description and >> why should I do that and not do my account with like my brand straight away? >> Yeah, it's that's a great question. Really the goal with UGC and all this content is you don't want consumers to be able to detect that this is an advertisement. Instead it's very incognito. It feels organic. it feels like you know a friend, somebody like you is just posting this content because they really enjoy the product. So everything should feel very very organic um to the sense that sometimes you don't have even the product name in the video at all and a lot of the conversion comes in the comment sections. But yeah, to your point, I think when you're creating your accounts, one of the most important things is make sure your profile picture is like a face of the user who's going to be posting on that account. Make it just feel like, you know, something real. you're almost looking at UGC as like actors, right, that are creating these Tik Tok accounts and and really spreading this message. Um, and that tends to have the highest conversion rates because it gives consumers that sense of discovery that they really discover something themselves. >> Okay, nice. And to continue on that, like I Okay, I have my profile set up, everything is ready, I'm ready to record my first video. What do I even talk about? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, it goes back to that, you know, really good target user, target audience, um, research and understanding of them. And when you do that warming up process, you'll find videos and whatnot that already go viral in your niche. I think the best first step is to replicate what already does well. So, if you have competitors, if you have products that already are creating videos, absolutely just recreate that, but plug your own product. And additionally, in your niche, there's going to be like lifestyle influencers or just other content going viral organically that might not even be plugging a product. Continue to replicate those things, but somehow plug your product or plug your app in that as well in a again very organic way. >> So just to give me an example like a concrete example of that, there is Jack Freaks who is I don't know if you saw you have like lovely app. How would you do for him? like how will you go on Tik Tok and find um competitor or find the kind of content to replicate? >> Yeah, I love that. Um it's super similar to Lockit. So, I think what I would first do is Locket is an app where friends, couples, whatever can take a picture um and then it shows up on that other person's screen very similar to to Jackfrick's app. Um so, I would look at the content that Lock is doing and my first step would be to replicate their most viral videos. Um, and then I think from there you have a good subset of content that you can create. From there, then you start to narrow down and and make changes based off of, okay, here is um, you know, content that did really well. How can I iterate this based off of the comments that I got on it? What are people really interested in? What types of people are really interested in this content? Um, and that helps you continue to level up and make changes to the strategy. >> Is there a structure to follow? because you you say that okay you have to find the content that work and then replicate it but is there like a structure that always work something that I should like always follow UK main content and CTA or a secret like that? Yeah, I think um it used to work really well like that, but I think as people are starting to catch on to UGC and flooding the Tik Tok algorithm with more and more of this content, formats die out really, really quickly because consumers are constantly getting smarter. So, you kind of always have to be on the next step to outsmart the consumer because you don't want them to know it's an advertisement and when they do, they just scroll past. So there used to be like okay do hook and demo do like target audience plus painoint equals solution and that used to really work but I think um so many people replicated that that it doesn't really anymore. So now you have to get really tricky and um make sure that one your product is something worth people's attention and and something people actually want to download that will help your marketing and then your marketing can do really really good storytelling. We do a lot of talking videos now. Um, a lot of like multi-part series, slideshows, things like that. And that works a lot. >> And something weird that you say but apparently works is that you should not mention the app or not mention the product. Why? >> Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes we do this. Um, it depends on the product for sure. Um, again, you want it to feel just organic and authentic and not like an advertisement. I think we now have figured out how to weave in the product name in a way that feels natural. Um, but a lot of people who aren't skilled at copywriting and organic marketing and maybe they're just getting into it tend to do it where it feels a little bit too much like an ad. So, if you're on the fence of, okay, do I have the skill set to do this or not, I would I would lean not to do it and instead really leverage the comment section, show the app in the video, um, things like that. you should be replying to every single comment. Um, we used to also like send DMs to everybody that commented being like, "Hey, thanks. I saw your like this video. By the way, I'm building this app that does XYZ." And like it is a lot of work, but it also moves mountains when it comes to getting new users because that feels like a personalized experience for them. And likely you're not just going to gain them as a new user, but then also their friends and family as well. You say that precedently that um comments are almost more important than the video. Is that true? >> Yeah. I mean, you you watch people like scroll on TikTok just like in real life and you see them obviously look at the video itself, but they're they're pulled up on the video and they're actually now scrolling through the comment sections. It kind of creates this herd mentality of they want to know, okay, what do other people think about this video? What are they saying? What are they doing with this information that we're all being presented with? The video serves as a landing page for communities to form. And if you're able to then control the comment section and control the community, you can you can mobilize all of those viewers of that video to do what you want them to do. In this case, download an app, convert to a product, become a user, whatever. Um, in how to do things like that, you're replying to everything. You are planting comments. you do um you know reply videos to top comments, things like that. So then as people are scrolling through those comment sections, they see it's all about the app. They get a lot of FOMO and they're like, "Oh, everybody is talking about this thing that I've never heard of. I might as well go check it out." Um and then it's really important for, you know, your app store screenshots and your app store screens to have words that in copy that relates to a lot of the messaging from your viral video so it feels like a very flawless experience for that user. How do you find um vocabulary to use like the words to use? I know it's like more on the first step in the like the search of the ICP and like the perfect customer, but how do you find that if I sell a product that is not at all a product I would use for example? >> Yeah. Um I think do a lot of research on Tik Tok. You know what types of content people are making? What emojis are they using? What do they say in their captions? What how do they do comments? And honestly, like take screenshots, take a ton of screenshots, put into chat GBT and ask Chat GBT to pull like what are common like sling words or phrases that this group, this community is using a lot and then utilize that in your copy as well. Same thing with like hashtags and sounds. Just try and mimic what your target audience is doing and then that's the best way that you'll be able to reach them and gain their trust. And to come back to the comments, is there a way to fake it to actually like have engagement in the comment or maybe like make a group of people who comment >> under my videos? >> At PlayTit, we have about 150 to 200 creators and whenever we have a viral video, we send all of them to go flood these comment sections with comments about the app. Um, but I I mean, you could do that a million different ways, too. Whether it's like you have some Discord group and you have all these kids replying to comments or whatever it is, as long as they have profile pictures, it that stuff can work. I would make sure you don't like abuse it cuz Tik Tok will definitely flag it. And I would only do it on videos that already have a lot of comments. Um, so it's not just like out of the ordinary, but it looks like it belongs in the algorithm. Uh, if that makes sense. >> Yeah. So, I followed all your step. I created my profile. I warm up my account. I replicate what works and I publish 30 video in 30 days and none of them goes viral. What should I do? Like if they have less than thousand views like what do I do? >> Yeah. Um keep going. It takes a while. I I mean for us we tell our clients usually in the first two weeks. So we we post 15 times a week per creator. So three times a day, five times a week. Um usually it takes the first two weeks to do a lot of testing. So from there, that's already 300 videos um of testing and understanding what what is working, what's not. The second two weeks, weeks three and four of that first month is when you really start to see virality because it just takes a long time to learn. Um you know, you put a lot of things out into the algorithm and it takes a lot of tweaking, whether it's a hook or an audio or maybe I show the product a little bit differently until something finally catches. Uh but yeah, I would I would keep going. I think 30 days is a really good amount of time to test. It depends how much you're posting. But um if nothing continues to work. I mean, sometimes it's a product issue, sometimes it's like a okay, is my strategy really correct here? But if you follow all the steps that you know I give resources on and everything, then you should be able to get something if you're really being intentional about it. But it does just take time. Is there something that you do and you replicate on all your customer and always work? Because you know people will watch with this video they just start they will probably fail for a while before getting results but for you with like all your experience you probably have a little trick that make it possible every time. What is it? >> I wish it was that easy. Um, no. I think I mean we're really selective with which clients we bring on now because we know what works on socials and we know what doesn't. Um, and we only have so much bandwidth to take on clients, you know, so we really only work with clients that were like, "Okay, this will go viral on social media." And usually that's things like apps about or products about relationships or money or, you know, how can I be better in my career or my school life, things like that. really like value ad products tend to have a really great um viral potential. So those are the people we we gravitate towards working towards and that's the type of product that I think works best for UGC. I mean I have so many like crypto people or like B2B SAS companies wanting to work with us and it's like this just isn't the channel for you when it comes to marketing. Like UGC is great but it's not for everybody. It's really best for those like utility facing consumer apps. So mainly B2C. If I have a B2B SAS for example, I should not waste my time on UGC. >> Don't waste your time. >> Do you have exception? [snorts] >> Um, no. I think I think like Tik Tok content can work for more B2B stuff. Founderled content works. You know, I'm building this brand. Here's what I'm doing. Come with me for a day in my life. Uh, kind of stuff works well. But UGC not as much. I mean, I would be really interested to see how like a similar UGC play could work um like on LinkedIn or Twitter, for example, if you can mobilize a lot of people on those platforms, but for the most part, people in their work life, like normal employees, aren't scrolling on TikTok for work, you know, they want to like have an escape and that's what they use social media for. Um, so yeah, I would I would say steer away. >> And is there a specific audience? For example, we often hear about Gen Zed works really well, but is there like it's only for Gen Zed or if I have like an app that target older people like let's say 50 years old, 55 years old, does it work as well? >> Yeah, I think whatever target audience you're trying to reach, you just want to make sure your creators represent them. Um, I think this UGC kind of craze started in the college community, college student community, because they're easy to find, they're fast, they're cheap. Um, it's very easy to work with them and they're wanting gigs, you know. Uh, so that's why it works. I think, you know, the older demos, we work with a lot of stay-at-home moms as well and and they're really great and it works really well for a lot of products reaching kind of the family niche. um much older than that or anything a little bit more like male focused. I think it's a little bit trickier and would again recommend more of like an influencer or paid ad approach just because it's so hard to find, you know, like a multiple 50-year-old men who are Tik Tok fluent and can make a ton of really great quality content. It's just more difficult to find those people. It's amazing that you share that because honestly I spend my days on X and I see a lot of people trying um content trying distribution on Tik Tok and it's important that you say what doesn't work as well because people are wasting their time on that. So I think it's uh it's nice that you share that. >> Totally. >> Um okay I followed everything. I kept going after the 30 days and now I have one video that goes I would say viral at my scale more than 100k views. How do I replicate that? >> Yay. Um, that's awesome. First, you're happy because it's uh it's hard. But yeah, I mean, the first thing when you're iterating is like don't A lot of people come to me, they're like, "Oh, I don't want to post this like I already did it." You can just post the same messaging over and over and over again until it stops working. Eventually, it will, but you'll make little tweaks here and there. If something's working, like really double down on it. whether you're just like tweaking the wording slightly or you were filming outside, now you're inside, you're showing a different part of the product. Um, so the first thing you need to do when you have a viral video is you go into the comment section, you're replying to everything, you do video replies to all the top videos, and you make those video replies really, really focused around your product. The nice thing about the Tik Tok algorithm when you do have a viral video is that when you do those comment replies, it gives a lot more views to those video replies from the same people who saw that original video. So you can do a very product focused video almost like a traditional ad. Um, but it'll get a lot of views and it'll convert really well because Tik Tok is pushing that more than it typically would. Um, so after you've done that and then after that's kind of phased out, that's when you start to iterate again and again. You'll take a lot of learnings from what people are saying in the comment sections, if they have thoughts on the product, what pain points they share, and you can kind of start to riff off of that for future messaging. >> That's interesting. So, if I have um winner, I should duplicate that at least duplicate the structure and the message and like do do the same again and again. But also um I would say bet on this one to actually take all the comment make video on the comment and see what people are talking about let's say their pinpoint or the question they have and make a new video about that. >> Yes. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. >> Interesting. A video a question I didn't ask and I didn't think about it before but how do I get download? Because on Instagram for example, you can use uh many chat and you can send people like automation in your DM. How does it work on Tik Tok to actually bring people on your app? Is it just that they see the comment, they see the name and then they go look for it or do you send them somewhere? Yeah, that's why the messaging used to be so powerful because what you basically are aiming to do is you're greeting people in their like doom scroll stuck phase and you're asking them to engage on your piece of content to look through at the comments to leave this app they're addicted to go download something go through onboarding and then ideally you know it worked really really well when after they've gone through onboarding they actually come back to that initial video and say they loved the app and they say they love the experience. experience. That's like the ideal cycle that you'll get on a really viral piece of content that converts really well. Um, and the best thing you can do is just have those like very organic facing content or sorry, organic facing comments that just are friendly suggestions because people trust word of mouth more than anything else and that's essentially what this like UGC style of marketing replicates. >> And do the same video works on Tik Tok and Instagram? >> [clears throat] >> Yeah, in or Tik Tok is much more targeted. So, you'll have a better chance at reaching your right people on Tik Tok. You'll probably get more views on Instagram, but it'll be a little bit more bloated where the conversion rate will be much lower. Um, again, it's all like dependent on the product. Sometimes Instagram is better for like more male-facing um products. I think men typically use like Instagram reels more than women. Uh, so there's like edge cases like that, but for the most part, I would say Tik Tok tends to convert better. We just crossost all the content the same. Um, and it can it can be pretty much the same. I think if you like really wanted to get into it from a brand perspective, Instagram tends to be a little bit more high quality, but I would say that's pretty top offunnel and less about, you know, driving conversion. >> Interesting. And um, should I do both at the same time? for example, use a postuler and post on both at the same time. Or should I go on Tik Tok for first and then go on Instagram? >> Yeah, I think if you use something like a postuler to just automate post to Instagram, that's like a great easy thing to do. But I would spend your like time and energy on Tik Tok because it's a really great tool for doing that research, for understanding your audience, for doing the iteration and the strategy. Um, and then Instagram can kind of just live as another like landing page for all those videos to also go. >> Interesting. And last question on this part is like what is the biggest mistake that you see found or indiaakers do with organic Tik Tok and that they should just avoid? >> Yeah, I see a lot of people come to me, they're like, "Oh, I got this video that was super viral, but I got no downloads." and then I look at the video and it's like, well, how would this have gotten any downloads? This has nothing to do with your product or your niche or anything. So, it's like, yes, you have to make content that will go viral, but it has to be around your your sorry, your product if you actually want it to make a change for you. Um, so I think that's the biggest thing. And then after that, it's just like people give up too early. Like it kind of is a long game and you kind of have to be committed to testing and making changes and iterating. It just takes time. Um, but a lot of people kind of get tired of it before it really starts to work. >> Classic. So now, okay, I figured out how to do that. I got few viral video. I get some downloads. It's working for me with my Tik Tok account, but I'm kind of tired to publish like three times a day and do that because I also have to work on my product. How do I scale or how do I delegate the content strategy? >> Yeah. So, I think the best thing to do is um obviously like hire creators, right? So, again, you want those creators to look like your target audience. Um so, go for those people. I think the best way to hire people is honestly to make a Tik Tok post about it or to do direct outreach. I do a lot of like content trying to find creators all the time. And I find that works really well because if you're specific about what the product is and exactly what you're looking for, then you'll get a great steady stream of inbound and you're able to just like pick and choose from there. Um, we also do a lot of outbound uh because we can be more selective on who exactly you work with and and that's really helpful. I think after you scale to um you know more than like three to five creators, it's really helpful to bring somebody on to your team more of like a strategist and a manager. It gets a lot to manage these creators and to review their videos and to um give them the strategy and analyze all their content. So, it's really helpful to have somebody there that can do that for you. So, first I hire creators and then when I have like more than three or five creators, I hire someone to manage them. Uh, first step, how do I know if someone is good or not? Like, how do I hire? Because I never did that. So, it's probably pretty hard to do it. How do I know? >> Yeah, I think the best thing you want people who are, you know, have gone viral before, who've made content before, um, whether it's for other apps in the tech space or not. uh maybe it's for Tik Tok shops things or even on their own account, but you want somebody who is very Tik Tok native and understands social media and is excited about your product. Um also like is responsive and can the goal is to find somebody who can, you know, iterate and and make changes to content. But most likely what will happen is you'll just hire executors who you tell them exactly what to post. You you're the one content. you're updating the strategy and they continue to just execute on what you're telling them to. And then that manager strategist person can eventually take over that role and um you know make sure the creators are posting, analyzing their videos, iterating on the strategy and and continuing to give them like updated instructions. >> So it's important that I do it myself first to learn and then to actually hire people and ask them to replicate what I did. >> Exactly. Yes. I think that's always the best way. >> And how much should I pay a creator? >> Yeah, I would say industry standard is usually around like $125 to $175 um a week for 15 posts per week. Um and then that's like flat rate plus bonuses. Typically bonuses look like $100 for 100k views, $500 for 500k views, a million dollars, sorry, $1,000 for a million plus views. Um, a million dollars would be cool, but we're not there yet. Um, yeah. So, that's typically what it looks like. I would recommend flat rate plus bonuses. And should I get my money back pretty fast, like the ROI is pretty fast, or should I think more long term with content creator? >> I would think more long term. I mean, not too long term, though. It also depends on your product, right? Uh I mean marketing is one thing and you could kill marketing, but if you have a product where your funnel to paid conversion isn't very good, then that's also an issue you want to solve. So before you scale up with creators, you want to make sure that you have a very sustainable conversion rate as well. I don't work as much on the product side, so I don't have a ton of experience on like exactly what that number should be. Um, but you want to feel comfortable going in. It's like, okay, I'm going to pay these creators this much. If we can get this many views, it'll bring in this this many dollars. Um, instead of just kind of throwing everything at the wall just to see what happens. >> That's kind of a a lot of thing to manage on top of my product. So, how do I manage that actually? How do I track if they get result or not? Uh, how do I not get lazy and like let them do their work and find out three months later that I actually lost a lot of money? How would I do that? >> Yeah, we you we actually had to build our entire software uh for this and this is what we build our agency on now. Um, it's called like ugracker.com. Tracker T R A C Kr. Um, and we have like a a little bit of a different software that's internal facing versus what we offer externally. But this is what we built to manage our creators. So you can see, okay, who posted today? We get notified if somebody misses a post. Um, it tells us exactly how much everybody needs to get paid. Uh, that's where creators upload their videos. So we can easily, you know, check approve or X deny. Here's a comments that you need to change something. Um, and creators have a portal, too. So it allows them to, you know, log in, see their tasks and everything like that. So as much as you can be automated by tech, that's really helpful. Otherwise, it's really hard to like be in Google Sheets and like have a VA count how many videos your creator did and that just gets very convoluted very quickly. Um, so yeah, honestly, obviously I would recommend Tracker because that's exactly what we use and we have like 150 creators. We post like 8,000 pieces of content um if not more every single month. Um so yeah as much as you can use tech to to leverage the management I would say. >> Can you tell me more about play kit and what you do actually with your agency? >> Yeah so we run um these large scale highvolume campaigns for consumer apps like Substack and Flow Health. Uh we clients typically get 1,200 pieces of content with us per month. 600 unique on Tik Tok 600 crossosted on Instagram. and we started about a year ago um and have really pioneered this like UGC space when it comes to the tech world. It's been really fun because we've been able to work with really cool brands and really great founders as we kind of navigate this new world of organic marketing. Um but yeah, our our goal is really to one drive downloads, but then also UGC is amazing because you're able to shape kind of how consumers talk about your product. So, as we grow and as we talk to more enterprise companies who have definitely nailed down distribution, but they're trying to shape how everyday people talk about their products and their companies, they come to us and they look to us because we're really able to integrate into the community and change the way that people think and talk about things through this organic style of content. >> Do you have any case study to share with us like some really good result that you got? >> Oh, yeah. That's a great idea. Um, can I share my screen? Is that possible? >> Yeah. >> Okay, let me pull something up. So, my favorite campaign, one of my favorite campaigns is this one called Cantina. They're an AI video generator. Um, actually Sean Parker, his company. Uh, this one was super fun. Again, like I said, you want your content to feel very, very organic. Um, so what happened was Instagram meme pages actually found this content and they reposted it on their meme pages because they thought it was, you know, memes. So this one was really fun. We posted a ton of content, brought in almost 70 million views, 30k downloads for them, um, at a really low CPM. So like record low CPM that is super rare to achieve, but I think this was a really really great example of, you know, you can make great great organic content if you build these viral loops into your products. And I think um that might be a step that a lot of these like indie hackers are missing out on now where there's so many resources now on how to do great marketing that sometimes we forget the step of but it's really helpful to have a great product feature as well that that helps um kind of leverage that marketing. So that's that's a fun one I always like to share. Um another one I like to share this is Hunch. They're a dating app. Um, also really fun. This one we never or most of the time we never really mentioned the app name in um the videos. For some of them you did like you could see here, but we really leveraged the comment sections where we were able to do so much storytelling in these videos. It's a lot of like, oh, I had this horrible experience doing this um or has anybody else experienced this? It opens up the conversation in the comment sections for other people to share their pain points, other people to share their stories and then our creators were able to go in and say, "Hey, you would never have this experience on this app or have you tried this app yet?" Um, and we found that helped conversion a lot. >> It's amazing because I mean UGC has been here for a while, but I feel like this is really a new way to do that. Like before as you say it was like ooh presentation of the product CTA and now it's really you don't talk about the product but it's almost like you talk about the painoint or it will almost be um Reddit post >> that you actually post on uh on Tik Tok and then after that you just go in the comment and people ask what's the app or something like that and it works. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. >> Really interesting. Um, if you could give one piece of advice to a funer who wants to start creator marketing today watching this video, what would it be? >> Yeah. Um, I think a lot of people look at it as like um a small test, but UGC is something that it it's different from influencer or paid ads where you can kind of just send a brief to people and, you know, get good results. It's so new. You really have to handhold your creators and handhold your team in order to get the best results. Um, so if you start your creator program or if you start creating content, it's something that you do have to invest a lot of time and energy into in order to get the best results cuz it just takes so much time to learn and analyze and make changes. So, um I think the best piece of advice is like set yourself up with that expectation. And also don't be discouraged when you post a 100 videos and only one of them gets, you know, 10K plus views. All of those failures or videos that don't go viral serve as learnings for you to get that viral video for the next time. Um it's it's just a lot of learning and I think a lot of times it can feel very discouraging when things aren't working right away. >> Amazing. Well, Julia, thank you very much for everything. I will put the link of Play Kit uh just under there in this description. And yeah, if you want to learn more, just go on their YouTube channel, Play Kit. There's a lot of content. So, thank you again and have a great day. >> Thank you. Super fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @faizaniqbal6273 [2 likes]: Is there any way to get rid of local views if your target audience is global on tiktok?
  2. @CuriosityJuice [2 likes]: Its very interesting to ask question as in the beginning it is mentioned you do not have to run paid ads giving impression it is free but on the other hand you do have to end up hiring someone and pay them. Curious about comparative roi of paid vs ugc strategy.
  3. @romulo_gomes [1 likes]: Great episode! We just started running TikTok for our app and this episode gave me a ton of ideas already. Much appreciated
  4. @JossBinja [1 likes]: Your accent tell me you’re from France , right ?
  5. @mmagarity [1 likes]: instant subscribe
  6. @AbhishekPatel-si7uq [1 likes]: 🎉 so helpful. Getting started with my first app. Going to do this!
  7. @richardsonjean-pierre7878 [1 likes]: amazin!!! this work only BtoC ? no BtoB?
  8. @MichaelDesmond-z2t [1 likes]: Awesome
  9. @MaxBladeTv [1 likes]: Another absolute banger 😮
  10. @69detel [1 likes]: ty Flo!!
  11. @nguyenoanngocphuc1242: great content
  12. @nashocenar869: Very insightful video
  13. @bramburn: I need a personal trainer in tintok
  14. @xokarlazepeda: LOVED THIS THANK YOU!
  15. @yanickdelafoge9124: So basically marketing today is all about faking? Fake UGC, fake accounts, fake comments?   Not a single word about the ethics of it.
  16. @tawanacalamari5712: very good questions
  17. @tommy_wall: What is the estimated capital needed for starting at $10/vid to begin seeing returns?
  18. @dancrrza: Amazing content! I was having issues trying to market my app, but this really help me to understand exactly how to do it, in a very simple way
  19. @ElhassanElhamri: You have to prepare for the interview
  20. @thomasshakelton: Who makes 15 videos for 150€?

- The Secret to Successfully Pitching an Idea | The Way We Work, a TED series: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know the secret to successfully pitching an idea? Well, it's something kind of unexpected. It’s FOMO: the fear of missing out. [The Way We Work] As someone who invests in companies early in their journeys, I listen to nearly 2,000 pitches a year, and I work countless hours with company founders to help them make their pitch even more compelling. You may equate pitching with a slick deck based on some standard format, but whether you're pitching a company or trying to get buy-in for a passion project at work, so much of pitching is a storytelling exercise. You need to bring people along with you. You need to tell your audience a story that not only will draw them in, but it will make them feel that if they don't say yes, they will be missing out on something really big. [Step 1: Know your audience] When people think about pitching, they're thinking inwards, they think about their nerves, how smoothly they're talking or what it takes to get to a yes. But the secret of successful pitching is to flip it outward. Who are you pitching to? What do they care about? How can you speak to what motivates them? For example, if you're pitching your start-up idea to a venture capitalist who has lots of money to invest and needs big returns, they probably care about backing the next Uber or DoorDash. So you should focus your story on the size of the market opportunity. If you're pitching to a philanthropist or a nonprofit, their motivation is likely about large social impact. So focus on showing how your product or idea will improve things in a lasting way. If you're pitching a project at work, focus on the people you're pitching the project to. More customer loyalty, more revenue, or perhaps a promotion? Tell them how your project will help them attain the goal that they want in a way that makes it almost inevitable. Give them that feeling of: “If I don’t support this, I'm going to miss out on something I care about deeply." [Step 2: Think about the hero's journey] Pitching is much like telling a story. Just like a movie tells a story. You're charting the hero's journey in three acts. First, you start by telling about the hero's world, the status quo. In this case, the current situation that your product, idea or service will be addressing. Then introduce tension and conflict, showing all the problems that existing products aren't yet addressing. This will lead you to the big confrontation. You, the hero, swooping in to save the day. And from there, give the resolution. How are things changed as a result of your actions? How does your product, idea or service solve the problems you highlighted earlier? One of the best pitches I've heard followed this arc perfectly. The story started with a disturbing status quo. Depending on where and how it's produced, one gallon of milk can take roughly 1,000 gallons of water to produce and can create about six kilograms of CO2 equivalent or more in the process. In this case, the hero was the CEO and their team of scientists and food industry experts who have come up with a way to engineer plants to produce the animal proteins. They showed how a small crop of soybeans could create lots of delicious cheese and how this could feed the global population in a sustainable and yummy way. To anyone who cares about both the environment and good food, it was an irresistible story. It made me feel like I needed to be part of it or I would be missing out on a big opportunity. [Step 3: Shore up your weakest point] When people are done charting their hero's journey, I make them identify their biggest weakness. Is it that they're missing somebody on their team or that it's very competitive or that they're trying to do something that has never been done before? Most people's instinct is to gloss over it or even skip it altogether. But that's exactly the wrong thing to do because the audience will notice it and will ask you about it. Instead, face it directly. Tell your audience, "Hey, you may think this is a problem, but here's exactly what I'm going to do about it." And by showing the strengths and weaknesses of your story and not hiding anything, you inspire confidence not only in you but also in your story. The best storytellers, they live in the future, and they come here not to just tell us about it, but to show us the steps to get there. And this makes the audience lean forward. And all they need to do to be part of this amazing story is say yes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThorParker [2 likes]: Im starting to feel like I need a hero
  2. @nittygrittymedia [2 likes]: Not helpful to give an example of a CEO giving a pitch. Doesn't apply to people starting from nothing, with no prior experience. Honestly that example was discouraging for me, being one of those people.
  3. @HomeRoboticsAustralia [1 likes]: i wouldn't invest in her
  4. @AchrafNAJI-f8m [1 likes]: شكرا🎉
  5. @WenLingHsiau: You pronounced " slide deck" slide wrong , you make this i short sound and it becomes another word ( slid - like slip or fall ) , it pronounced long i sound like " like" 's i. (Sorry, it confused me at first for me as ESL speaker )
  6. @mbarukjuma01: Thank you I truly appreciate
  7. @maneeshahooja: Thank you.
  8. @tarotaddicts4695: Great video. Thanks❤❤❤
  9. @ChelleInTheCity: Awesome! Here bc I’m working on a Team Pitch Deck. 🎉❤ thanks
  10. @Adrian-Kal-El: OMG I NEEDED THIS GUIDANCE!!! THANK YOU
  11. @Showrilly: This is true! Even for pitching unscripted tv show concepts to networks, these comments crossover.
  12. @richardwells8954: YOU DREW ME IN ABOUT CREATING A STORY AND THEN CHANGED THE SCRIPT TO JOINING TED TALKS. SHAME ON YOU.
  13. @stefyandthetiger: This is incredibly useful! Thank you!!
  14. @Joe-dime-a: Gay
  15. @lucutes2936: Hello Ted
  16. @Alabanza.Musicversity: Oh geez the best pitch was one that pushes an agenda against real food under the guise of protecting the planet. Nice!
  17. @BiT012: Weave a story please it's good practice ❤
  18. @brudo5056: But what if your audience is very diverse and you don't know how it's distributed?
You can't delve too deeply into various aspects, as that puts too much pressure on your time and audience's attention.
  19. @BradleyMartin-l2e: Who else is re-watching this for the 10th time?
  20. @weirdog9645: CO2?  Soy?  Plant based protein?  Gallons of water per gallon of mill?   Enough already with the centrally planned and approved messages.  Too bad that TED has long since been ideologically captured and mandate cult dogma be inserted and strictly observed.

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story — in Less Than 60 Seconds | Jenny Hoyos | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-through? Probably not. But somehow, answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star. It's about making your conversations better, whether you’re with friends, family or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question, because it will make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you want to get your audience's attention immediately, so you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. (Video) Can I have a burger? Can you put cheese, lettuce and tomatoes? This thing's not hot enough. (Laughter) (Stage) That thing really wasn't hot enough. But as you can see, I took this question very seriously. And after you've hooked your audience, you want to take them on a journey, building up to your answer, where you want them to feel constant progression, so we're moving closer and closer to our answer so we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I’ll be adding tomatoes, lettuce and cheese to the burger, so now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer. So here's how I did that. (Video) Yes, please. And cheese. Mother: There's smoke in here. Jenny Hoyos: This thing is still raw. Good thing there's a line. Oh my goodness. Mother: What are you doing? You're going to burn that car. JH: I'll cut the tomatoes while this cooks. Mother: I hope I don't have to eat that. JH: Tell them to slow down. Mother: You're doing all this for one subscriber? You're going to make a mess. JH: Put the ketchup on the buns. (Stage) As you saw, without conflict, the audience just isn’t as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you’re now not only invested in the competition but also curious to see what's going to happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom’s car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. Here's how I did just that. (Video) We’re one person away. We just need the burger to cook faster. Mother: We're moving, we're moving. JH: No, my burger is not done yet. You're driving too crazy. It needs to cook faster. Mother: We're next. (Music) JH: We're pulling up to the window. And, oh my goodness! We cooked faster and better. (Applause) And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-through. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw? Absolutely not. Because the viewers wanted an answer, so I gave it to them quickly and concisely, in an engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four, so you now have an extra minute to practice your 60-second story. Because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [1500 likes]: thanks for having me!! promised i’d make my ted talk short and sweet 😁
  2. @ericdavidwallace [31 likes]: I just got schooled by a 20 year old and I went to film school.
  3. @Richard_Vidzz [2 likes]: The idea that a great story should be told in less than 60 seconds is such a powerful insight for modern communication loved the practical breakdown
  4. @mimixlalaa: the confidence jenny has omg
  5. @hejar_art: I love her energy 🎉
  6. @NichirenCarbajal: NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO IT'S THE MIRACLE MANTRA NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO
  7. @neetiiiiiiiiii: I liked your hook strategy. Will definitely try .
  8. @UGCTuto: She forgot one Thing : her talent
  9. @AngelaAllan-v8q: best side hustles in 2026
  10. @novaframestudio-d6b: Sh is so pure ,I like it
  11. @MORENAMOJALEFA-i9h: Don't write on your forehead
  12. @intensity5020: You are from titkok
  13. @JapaGist: Lol
  14. @karanb_ytt: It's impressive how much value can be packed into such a short timeframe, The progression and conflict strategy is a game-changer for storytelling💡✨
  15. @GOATED_D3VIL: btw what exactly is this conflict, i need a better explication pls
  16. @JacksonDuke-JK: ngl , i feel used/misused after watching this by content creators
  17. @Bibliothèque-C: ❤😊
  18. @ajsingh1296: Wow this may be the worst ted talk I’ve seen
  19. @ferickinhojoga: genius!
  20. @YōkuroX12: ...   THAT. WAS. AWE.SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only cuz of the fact that JENNY FREAKING HOYOS WAS ON THERE but also cuz its a great lesson!

- The Secret Behind Weirdly Addictive Apps: Kind: captions Language: en There's a reason Dolingo, Revolute, and Phantom all blew up, and it's the same hidden edge I found designing for startups and tech giants alike for the last decade. It's called emotional design. The art of making products feel engaging, personal, and alive. And in this video, I'll show you how to use it to build apps people love and keep coming back to. Let's be honest, these days, anyone can build something fast. We have APIs, no code tools, AI models. All the ingredients are out there. It's easier than ever to build things and ship features, which means just being useful isn't enough anymore. The real edge is in how your product makes people feel when they open it. Does it feel smooth, delightful, playful, or even premium? Or does it just feel like every other app? Now, of course, winning products still come from a mix of smart things, like having a solid business model, good timing, maybe even a strong community. The list goes on. But more and more, the thing that truly separates good from great is design that connects, design that feels intentional, design that turns users into fans. There's this quote from Reed Hastings, Netflix co-founder, and it really nails the point. The product has to be so good people want to talk about it. And in a world where every product has the same access to tech, that's your long-term edge. Not the code, not the features. It's how your product leaves people feeling when they close the tab or swipe away. Now, before we dig into one of the best examples of emotional design translating into serious business growth, if you're wondering how this might apply to your product or your business, we open up a couple of free design strategy consultations each month at SIPAP. So, feel free to sign up in the link down below if that sounds interesting. Now, with that, let's look at Dualingo and how they used delight, feedback, and character motion to pull users in and keep them coming back. Because Duolingo didn't just create another language learning app, they built a product that responds to you in real time and in a way that actually feels human. In 2022, they introduced a full character animation system. This included things like facial reactions, lip syncing with audio, and idle animations that made their characters feel alive even when you weren't doing anything. And this wasn't just for show. Duolingo's data shows that after these animations were rolled out, their daily active users more than doubled from 14.2 million to over 34 million within 2 years. On top of that, their paid subscribers also more than doubled in that same time frame. Of course, again, growth like that comes from a mix of smart moves like adding new languages, improving the curriculum, running solid marketing campaigns, etc. But what's interesting is that Dualingo's own team has highlighted character animation as one of the major reasons people stay engaged. On several occasions, CEO Luis Vonan has pointed out that the app's delightful experience, which includes these animations, sets it apart in a space full of dry, functional apps. And that connection isn't random. These animations aren't just eye candy. They're emotional feedback. They create loops that keep people engaged. When you answer a question correctly or make a mistake, you don't just get a green check mark. You feel encouraged, corrected, and even cheered on. Those quick reactions help boost engagement by triggering emotional feedback loops, something that the UX legend Don Norman talks a lot about in his book, Emotional Design. But how can you use this in your own product? Well, if your product relies on repeated user behavior, like check-ins, journaling, or habit logging, add micro interactions that give instant emotional feedback. A subtle bounce, a glow, a sparkle. These little things can make confirmation moments feel a little more rewarding. Also, celebrate the small wins. This will reinforce engagement. Once again, you know, success states don't need to be huge, but they should feel intentional. Also, if you're like Dualingo and you have a mascot of some sort, use the mascot to show expressions, to encourage users because emotions are contagious. This can be small nods, smiles, or animated reactions that make the experience feel more human. And lastly, if you want to give the user a feeling of momentum, include nice progress animations. This can be anything like using motion to show streaks just like Dualingo or showing different levels, showing journals completed, whatever gives a sense of building something over time. The goal here is to make the feedback feel human, not just functional, because that kind of emotional layer can quietly build a strong connection between the user and your product. Even something super simple, when done well, can make the experience feel more alive and more worth coming back to. So, Duolingo built habits by using design to make people feel good about using the app. And that feeling is one of the main reasons their users keep showing up. But what happens when your users aren't trying to form habits? When they instead are trying to get over skepticism? That's one of the big challenges that crypto apps face and the problem that Phantom set out to solve with the help of emotional design and animation. Let's start by just dropping the bomb. Crypto UX is notoriously clunky. And Phantom knew that. So when they rolled out a full brand refresh in mid 2023, they didn't just change their logo. They overhauled everything and brought in animation to shift perception. They animated their ghost mascot. They added playful animations during wallet creation. And they put a bunch of effort into making each interaction feel playful and approachable. The goal was clear here. Make crypto feel less scary and more human. And it's obviously worked. Today, Phantom is one of crypto's mostused wallets, recently becoming the second highest ranked app in the utilities category in the US app store, beating apps like WhatsApp and Instagram. Now, just like Dualingo, Phantom's growth rode the wave of market momentum and smart business execution. But what really made them stand out was how design-led they were from the jump. Their CEO, Brandon Milman, has been super clear about that. This wasn't just another wallet. From day one, the team focused on polish, on craft, and on building something that actually felt good to use. In his own words, polish matters. We're a design-led company that takes time to craft polished products. And that mindset paid off because while most wallets were built by developers for other developers, Phantom focused on consumers. Their goal was to onboard the next billion people to web 3. And that meant investing in crisp, emotional UI and animations. So when designing in spaces that feel intimidating, complex, or where the stakes are really high, like finance, crypto, health, or insurance, for example, remember these principles. Polish builds trust. Treat visual details, motion, and transitions as core product features, not fluff. Every little micro interaction is a trust signal. Also, try to keep it approachable. Friendly visuals and warm, playful details make heavy topics feel a little lighter, and that goes a long way in building confidence. Build for people, not just pros. Don't just assume that users know the rules. Design flows that make sense to everyday people, especially if you're reaching beyond early adopters. Performance matters, but what really sticks is how the product feels when someone taps, swipes, or waits. Giving the users smooth feedback is going to increase their confidence with your product. As an agency that has experience helping drive big design results in the crypto industry, we try to share some of our learnings by writing case studies about our wins every now and then. If you're interested in that, there's a link below for that, too. Now, we've seen how character and delight create trust, but trust isn't the end goal for everyone. So, let's explore how emotional design and motion can be used in an even more lucrative way to sell luxury, which brings us to Revolute. Revolute's been investing in design and animation for years. But what's super interesting is how their design glow up has tracked right alongside their push into more of the premium space. As they've moved up market, their visual language has gotten way more polished and it's pretty clear that they've been intentional about this, aligning how the product feels with where they want the business to go. Take the first time user experience as an example. They don't just drop you into a boring signup flow. Instead, you get rich visuals, super smooth transitions, and right away, it feels like you're stepping into something premium. I mean, even their charts leveled up. You don't just look at your spending data, you feel it. You drag your finger and the graph responds with this soft glow, turning numbers into something way more tactile. The same thing with their cards. You don't just see a static image. You get a full little 3D moment there. The card flips, rotates, catches light. It's clean. It's intentional. And it's honestly just kind of satisfying. And these little details like subtle animations in security flows or onboarding provide that sense of trust without trying too hard. None of these design details shout at you, but together they create something way more premium. And in fintech in particular, where trust literally affects how much users spend, that kind of polish translates straight into revenue. So here's the big takeaway. Nail the first impression. Spend time to polish your onboarding. Polish your welcome moments to immediately communicate quality, trust, and care. Add subtle moments of delight like animations, like fades and hover effects or gestures. Build that emotion and make touch points feel intentional. Make interactions feel dynamic. So, tactile charts, responsive feedback, or animated cards that just turn basic features into something that feels elevated and engaging. Now, if you found this video helpful at all, you will probably love the video here somewhere. Also, if you're building a product, a website, or a brand, and you want to find out how to boost your top business metrics through design, well, consider our free strategy consultation. The links still down below. Still down below, still above law. Until the next one, have a great

  Top Comments:
  1. @dustspark_ [3 likes]: As a designer I understand the approach of this video, however, I don't agree with the success of these products being tied to design aesthetics that push emotional attachment. Animations right now are super common in consumer apps, and there are tons that are failing even with great animations simply because the product did not connect. Also keep in mind, these businesses were already up and running before they introduced any sort of emotional design to further improve numbers. Emotional design and delight is secondary when it comes to building successful products. Performance is definitely a much higher priority.
  2. @AkinmosinAdetoye [1 likes]: thanks so much for this video!!
  3. @UbejdAnnony: took notes, pasted to chatgpt, gave me this:

'Emotional Product Design Notes
Core Question
Does the app feel:
Smooth Delightful Playful Premium Alive
The product should be good enough that people naturally want to talk about it.
Main Idea
Emotional design is about making the app feel engaging, personal, and human.
The goal is not just to make the app function well. The goal is to make users feel connected to it.
First Impression Matters
The app should feel premium from the first moment.
Focus on:
Welcome screen Onboarding First habit setup First success moment First animation or mascot reaction
The first open should immediately communicate:
Quality Trust Care Personality
Mascot / Character System
The mascot can make the app feel more alive.
Possible features:
Facial reactions Idle animations Lip-sync with audio Happy reactions Encouraging expressions Small movement when the user completes something
The mascot should not just decorate the app. It should react to the user’s progress.
Emotional Feedback
When the user adds a habit, completes a task, or reaches progress, the app should respond emotionally.
The user should feel:
Encouraged Cheered on Corrected gently Rewarded Understood
Feedback should feel human, not robotic.
Micro-Interactions
Add small interactions that make the app feel dynamic.
Examples:
Progress bar animation Button bounce Confetti for small wins Mascot smile Soft sound effect Checklist completion animation Habit streak glow Gentle reminder animation
These moments create delight.
Celebrate Small Wins
Do not wait for big achievements.
Celebrate:
First habit added First task completed First streak Returning after a break Completing a difficult day Reaching a small goal
Small wins make users feel progress.
Visual Direction
Keep the design:
Approachable Friendly Warm Playful Clean Premium
Friendly visuals can make serious topics like goals, habits, and self-improvement feel lighter.
Build for Real People
Do not design only for productivity experts.
Build for people who are:
Busy Unmotivated Inconsistent Trying again Easily overwhelmed
The app should make progress feel simple and possible.
Polish Matters
Performance is important, but the feeling of the product matters too.
The app should feel:
Fast Smooth Intentional Responsive High-quality
A polished app feels more trustworthy.
Final Principle
Make the app useful first, then make it feel alive.
A good app helps the user do something. A great app makes the user want to come back.'


hope it was usefull
  4. @جلبيبجلبيب-ف8ر: круто
  5. @AkhiToprak: Amazing video with huuuuuge amounts of benefit!
  6. @OfficialKannyTrend: Functional first then emotional
  7. @yurism: Revolut's design is horrible....the most confusing baking app ever...
  8. @marcos-wu9yc: just dark pattern, nothing special. designers don't care about ethic, it's so sad... 
stupid hints to wrong purposes.
  9. @dgamer6316: Would you review my app
  10. @FromValkyrie: https://youtu.be/VlcyOTCB3as?si=-a3bj9ccojDtSVMn 
This guy literally copied your video verbatim.
  11. @EthanChristIsTheLord: Bro has to stop releasing all the methods hahahahahhahahhaha
  12. @MarcyAvila: But how tho?😭
  13. @xbxb: Bruh you're talking like emotional design applies to everything app.
  14. @xbxb: Easy to say. But this kind of stuff doesn't just come out of the search engine. These things cost resources and creative skills and talents.
  15. @jesuslopez6873: that shit is expensive
  16. @framikmm6: Amazing video, thanks
  17. @marinany3089: I love your videos One question though. What tools would you recommend we use in order to achieve this? I am asking literally about software. Is this possible with figma and adobe or am I missing something hidden here. I am not exactly a motion designer.
  18. @thisisloop: thank you, good value
  19. @psnts-5ao: The point about 'polish building trust' in crypto is so true. Phantom wallet feels safe because it feels premium. I’m trying to add those little 'delight' moments to my own app now, like confetti on success states. I actually prototyped the animations in CSS first and hosted a demo on Tiiny Host to show the devs exactly how the bounce effect should feel
  20. @marufhassan634: CRED is one of the apps who have nailed UI/UX

- Deel Case Study: Hook, Line, and Deal: Kind: captions Language: en multiple times throughout my sales career I've been going through the process and you think that the client is brought in okay and out of nowhere the client goes missing and you don't hear from them okay and there's many many many reasons behind that uh but what the the analytics uh uh element your business provides insight into is what clients are actually interested in hearing about based on what you're sharing with them and I'll give you an example you know we've shared multiple uh sales proposals and overviews and things of that nature with clients and what the analytics services to you is you know within those slide decks or whatever it might be you can see what's Hing home versus what isn't for example

- To My Subscribers Case Study: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

- The ONLY 6 Words You Need to Hook ANY Viewer: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you have to focus on leveling up your hooks. There's just no way around it. But here's the truth. To make your hooks better, you don't need a fancy formula. You don't even need to be that good of a writer. All you need to know are six power words. If you can understand these six words and why they work so well to stop the scroll, you can essentially become a master of content psychology overnight. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the only six words you need to know to hook any viewer in any niche. I'll go through examples, explain why they work, and pretty much just give you the playbook for writing better hooks. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, let's go through the six hook power words, and this is really all you need in terms of building blocks to make hooks that actually work. The first word is called the subject clarity word. And specifically, this applies to the subject that matters for the video. It could be you, it could be we, it could be that AI company over there. When we were all in first grade, we learned the way to write sentences is subject predicate. This is the subject. For example, let's say we had a hook that said this. If I had to grow from zero to 100K subs on YouTube, here's how I would do it. Let's say that was the hook. And we're breaking these down. The subject clarity word in that hook is I. I'm basically putting myself in the seat as the subject and the viewer is seeing me and trying to replicate the action that I'm talking about. Okay, so that's the first word of six. The hook clearly has to define a subject. The second word is the action word and this represents the action that the subject took to create whatever outcome or endstate change they were looking for. So again with that same example that I gave about growing from zero to 100K on YouTube if I the subject had to grow the action. All great hooks have some subject doing some action. All right. Now the third key hook power word is very important and this is the objective or state change word and this really corresponds to the end result that the subject took the action to get. Now the more shocking this result, the more shocking this outcome or state change, the better. But regardless you need some result. So in our example, the YouTube growth, 0 to 100K on YouTube, the objective or endstate phrase is 0 to 100K subs on YouTube. That is the objective or outcome or end state that we're looking for. I, the subject, need to grow an action from 0 to 100K subs on YouTube, the objective. Okay. So, so far we've covered the top three words. Subject clarity word, action word, and then objective or end state word. The fourth word is the contrast word. The contrast word is comparing the new outcome, the objective we just accomplished versus the base state. It is meant to intensify the curiosity going from A to B. So in our example, in this case, the contrast word also happens to be 0 to 100K subs. The base state was zero. The end state is 100K. We went from 0 to 100K. That is the contrast. Okay, so these are the four main hook power words. Now, the last two are optional and they do really help ratchet up curiosity where they make sense. The fifth word is the proof word. And again, this is optional, but it helps qualify why the viewer should care about your perspective, if that matters in the type of story you're telling. For entertainment content, you rarely need proof. But for education content, you do need proof very often. So, in our example that I just went through, if I had to grow from zero to 100K subs on YouTube, here's how I'd do it. In that example, I didn't have a proof word in that hook. Now, if I wanted to add a proof word, it's very simple. I just add one word, the word again. If I had to grow from zero to 100k subs on YouTube again, here's how I would do it. All of a sudden, again, is proof that I've done it before. Now, saying grow from zero to 100K and you look down and see that I have, the proof is implied, but if you want to explicitly state it, you can use a word to intensify the clarity that I've done it already. Now, the sixth and final word, and again, this one's optional, too, is called the time word. Now, the time word adds a time constraint or a time component that again helps map urgency or speed to effectiveness to make what you're saying more desirable to hear. So, for example, again, in the example we've been working through, I didn't really have a time parameter. However, I could very easily add one. If I did add one, it would work like this. If I had to grow from 0 to 100K subs on YouTube in 5 months, here's how I would do it. Or, if I had to grow from zero to 100K subs on YouTube, here's how I would do it in the next 90 days. You could do it either way for this example. Adding that little time modifier helps increase the intensity of the speed to effectiveness, which increases curiosity. Okay, so those really are the six power words, the core components to every great hook. You've got the four main ones. Subject clarity word, action word, objective or endstate word, and contrast word. And then you have the two optional ones, the proof word, and the time word. And obviously, you can tell by now these can be single words or phrases, but it's easy to think of them as like chunks or pieces that you stack together. All right, now let's go through four tactical examples of real hooks that performed really well. And I'm going to show you and highlight where in the hook each of these components live so you can see a couple different combinations of using these words. The first example we have is from one of my videos and then we're going to go through three other creators that are not me in different niches so you can see different flavors. All right, so to find the best performing hooks from these creators, which is what we want here, I go to sandcastles.ai. I go to the videos tab. I go to the channel filter where you can search for any channel. I'm going to search for Cali. I'm going to do myself first. Search for Callaway. Find my Instagram account, which will show up in the drop down. You click that. This shows all the videos on my channel in one place. Then I'm going to filter out brand deals. So I'm going to go to the engagement rate filter. The minimum bound I'm going to go 0.5%. So there's no 0% engagement videos. And then I'm going to go up to the sort two arrows at the top and I'm going to sort by most viewed. So this is the videos I've made forever on my channel without brand deals included in order from most viewed to least. I'm just going to pick the third one and then we'll analyze this one. Okay. So, this video got 15 million views. It's about this thing called life-size floor plans. You go into a warehouse, they project your step forep, square foot by square foot floor plan of your house. You can walk through it and like mess around with furniture. Pretty cool concept. So, let's play this video and you can hear the hook. Check this out. These are called life-size floor plans. You can literally walk through your exact home design before you build it. All right, so that was the hook. Ignore the little check this out. I was just testing something there. So, really the hook is these are called life-size floor plans. You can literally walk through your exact home design before you build it. That was essentially the hook. Two-line hook. All right. Now, this video is more tech entertainment. So, I am not the subject. There's really two. One is life-size floor plans. The entity. These are called life-size floor plans. That's the subject we're talking about. But really, the subject is you. You can walk through your home design, right? So, I would basically highlight life-size floor plans and you as the subject words. Now, the action word was can literally walk through. You can walk through, right? you subject are taking this action. Now the objective or endstate words in this case is being able to see your own home design before you build it and actually walk through it immersively. So technically it could be any part of that phrase. This allows you to walk through your exact home design before you build it. It could be any part of that phrase. We'll just highlight a piece of it. Now the contrast word is also there as well before you build it. The base state is you can't see the designs until after you build it. The new state is you can with this warehouse life-size floor plan technology. You can before before and after that's the contrast. So here the same phrase is serving as the objective and end state as well as the contrast and that's what you see very often. If you're good at kind of writing this in a tight way you're going to use similar contrasting words that work for the objective or end state piece as well. Now for this video I obviously didn't include proof because it didn't really make sense in this context but I do have a pretty subtle time word right before you build it. I'm emphasizing the time you have to do it after normally. Now it's before. So you could make the claim that that is or isn't a time word, but I think it counts for kind of increasing the urgency that makes sense for the buyer. And so there's the first example of how I incorporated the four core power words plus debatably you could include the time word as well. All right, let's do another example. Take this video from my friend Ava. She goes by @ personal brand launch on Instagram and Tik Tok. So to get her best videos, go to Sandcastles, go to the channel filter, delete my name, type in personal brand launch. That's her name. You can see them come up. Click on her Instagram. For this one, let's add in the last 12 months into the posted date. So, now we've got a grid of all of her videos in order by outlier score from the last 12 months without any brand deals. That's right there. Let's just click on the second one again and go through that. All right, so this video got 2.3 million views. It was a 53x outlier. Absolute banger for her. Let's watch the first couple lines here. >> This is a shock value hook. >> This is why you should always wash your bread before eating it. >> Okay, so in this video, she goes, "This was a shock value hook." And then she plays the shock value hook example where in that one the guy goes, "This is why you should always wash your bread before eating it." Now, this example was a bit sneaky. Ava is doing something very savvy here, right? So her hook, this is a shock value hook is not really the hook. The real hook is her going on top of the video that was already validated. This is why you should always wash your bread before eating it. That video got 66 million views or whatever it is. She's using that as her own hook. So when we analyze this, we look past her first line and we go to the real hook, which is the first hook she played. So let's analyze that line. This is why you should always wash your bread before eating it. Now the subject in this video is you. This is why you should take some action. The action word is should always wash your bread. You should always wash your bread. Now the objective or endstate word here is washed bread. And it's kind of implied, right? They don't say you should always wash your bread. So you have washed bread before eating it. That would be redundant. So they delete the actual specific explicit objective word, but it's very well implied. You're going to wash your bread and you will have washed bread. So that's kind of the objective here they're going for. Now the contrast word here is kind of before eating it, but really it's washed. The base state is you don't wash your bread. The new reality that they're suggesting is you do wash your bread. No wash, wash. So it's like you wash it before eating it. That kind of combination is really where the contrast is. Now, this type of video doesn't need a time word or a proof word in the first sentence. However, the next sentence very well could be, "I'm a professional baker that's been doing this for 30 years." That would be proof, right? So, it doesn't show in the first line. And typically, that's why time and proof are optional because you can embed them in the second and third lines coming up if you need it. All right, let's do two more quick examples. This next one is from Horoszi. Same thing. Go to sand castles, go to the channel filter, flip, search for Hormosi. Boom, we get it. Let's filter all his videos. Okay, let's pull the second one as well. Now, this video got 6.3 million views. Absolute banger from him as well. Let's watch the hook here. If you find a girl who believes in your dreams more than you do, who makes you want to be a better man, who's willing to work alongside you to get there, and is grateful for whatever you have right now today, no matter where you're at, just marry her. All right. Now, this hook has all sorts of these component words in it. There's going to be highlights everywhere. I'll try to break down exactly what he did. Now, the subject word here is you. And mostly he's talking to men. So, if you like read the full hook or listen to the full hook, it's like if you find a girl that he's mostly talking to men. So, you proxy for men. The action word here is find a girl at the kind of beginning and then marry her. If you find a girl and then marry her, it's kind of separated, but those are the two actions. Now, the objective or endstate words are pretty much most of the remaining words. There's kind of a list of different objectives that if you find a girl that does these objectives, you want to marry her. That's kind of how it's set up. So, believe in your dreams, make you a better man, work alongside you, be grateful for where you're at. Like, those are the objectives you're looking for. Now, the contrast is embedded in some of these phrases. For example, if she believes in your dreams more than you do. The dreams are the base state. You believe in them X. She believes in them X plus Y. That's kind of the before and after. This one also has a time word in it as well where he says right now today. If you find a girl that does these things, right now today, you should marry her. This one doesn't have proof cuz proof doesn't make sense for this one. All right. Now, the last example I want to go through is one from Cat GPT. And this is a different example than what we covered before. So again, last time you see it, go to the channel filter, switch, search for cat GBT. It's really that easy to find her top videos. Boom. You click it, we'll sort it, and then we'll click on this one. All right, this one got 2.9 million views and was a massive outlier as well. Let's listen to the hook. >> I think if we were smarter, we would listen to 13-year-olds more. I stud. >> Okay, so the hook is, if we were smarter, we would listen to 13-year-olds more. Now, this one is super simple, but it really crushes when you can analyze it with these power words. Now, the subject here is we. If we were smarter. It's the royal we. She's basically talking about her and then the collective of all the people that she represents or she is a proxy as a voice for. Now the action word here is actually a little bit after the objective. It's we would listen. So it really breaks down to if we subject were smarter objective we would listen action to 13-year-olds more. Now to 13year-olds more that's the contrast word because if you listen to the first part of the sentence if we were smarter we would listen. Typically you expect like older wiser you know smarter people. Instead she's saying the opposite. Not saying they're not old, wise, and smart, but like they're younger. So, it's not what you would expect, which creates that base state, new reality contrast. That's why her saying 13-year-olds was shocking and creates that contrast. All right, so that was four good examples from four different creators in different niches breaking down different effective hooks. All four of them had the four core power words and then some of them had a combination of the two remaining words as well. Now, of course, the final question for you as the viewer after watching this playbook and starting to get your head around these six words is this. How do I actually write my own versions of these hooks on my topics using this framework with the six words? Now, the truth is the actual words you're going to use are going to vary by topic, video to video. There's not like one set word you use for every hook every time. Here's some guidance to think about which words fit in the buckets, the six different buckets. For subject clarity, this one's pretty straightforward. It's going to either be I, we, you, or like some subject proper noun that you're talking about. For the action word, it's going to be some verb or some adverb that you're using to describe the action. For the objective, it's going to be some end state that you or the viewer would want the subject to end up with or on or resulting in. You want to make this as shocking and non-obvious as possible. But regardless, you have to have some objective or end state. Now, for the contrast, this is really about asking yourself what is the base state expectation that the viewer believes today? And then what new reality does this objective open up? And then how do we explicitly create that contrast with words? That's how you want to think about it. For proof, this is really easy. It's just about saying what you or the subject has done to qualify your take or their recommendation so that people trust it more. And then for time, think about adding some time parameter, months, days, minutes, seconds, something to add the intensity and the speed to result to increase that curiosity. Now, if you're not a great writer, because I know a lot of people out there, they they get the formats and the strategy, but they're really not a great writer. Here's how to do this super fast. You want to do exactly what I just showed you to come up with those hooks for those four examples. There's a reason I did it that way. Go to sandcastles.ai. Go to the channels tab. Make a list of the top accounts or top creators in your niche. You know who they are. You scroll and you see who's doing a good job. Go find those profiles. Go put them into Sandcastles. Create a list in the channels tab. Go to the videos tab on the watch list filter. Click that. Select from your list. Now you've got all the best videos from all the accounts that you follow in your niche. Go up to sort, sort by outlier score and views. Use the filters to cut out videos that are too old. So if you want last 12 months, make it last 12 months. If you want last 3 months, go last 3 months. Make sure you're sorting by top views and top outlier score and filter out the ones you don't want. Now go one by one starting in the upper left and watch the videos. The transcript is right there for you. Copy the hook from the transcript. You can tell what it is. Take it to your paper. Look at that hook. Identify the word buckets, the power words that I just went through. Delete what they used and put in your topic, your subject, your action, your objective. You can twist the words around. You can switch the phrasing. Once you do this for 10, 20, 30 hooks a week in your niche, you will start to get a pattern. This is called copy work. When you write down the words that a good writer wrote, you start to get the rhythm and the flow and the phrasing in your own brain. This is called copy work. This is the easiest way to do it. Now, if you have any questions on what I just went through, how to do the full thing, how to look at the power words, how to come up with the channel list, how to analyze them, drop a comment and I'll make sure to help you and answer those below. This should be everything you need to go from zero to crushing with hooks. Last thing, guys, if you're a business owner and you want to improve your content, it's number one focus for you. You want to get more lead genen, you want to get more revenue into the business, I built a free community called Wavy World. 33,000 business owners, 65 other trainings just like this. It's free. I've got an invite link below if you guys want to join. All right, we will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stevannuslake [1 likes]: thanks bro
  2. @kellykaufman007 [1 likes]: I find your videos incredibly helpful but difficult to translate to myself as a Comedian. I feel like there are endless social media strategy videos out there but they're all geared toward small businesses and educators. I know it would be SO helpful to me and thousands of entertainers if you made videos tailored to us as well. Hope you consider, thanks for reading!
  3. @June-Short-Stories [1 likes]: this actually made sense.
  4. @younessbourass6847 [1 likes]: I don't know any other Channel that gives Value straight up without unnecessary time waisting talk. Thank you brother! You do Amazing Work!❤
  5. @RenèeL_Panhandle: This advice is very Meh!
  6. @jens_gruenhagen: So you are describing a basic sentence. Hm.
  7. @InsidetheAList: I love how the explained everything in details.
  8. @MonsterGladiatorGaming: Thank you! I'm still new, and I will try to implement how to use this strategy myself.
  9. @MarcoEnet: Gracias, y ¡Qué bueno! que YouTube le haya agregado esa traducción, porque en español no hay casi contenido como este.
  10. @YOGiiZA: “Proof does not make sense for this one” 😂
  11. @EverythingJapan_Now: I learned for moment I hope I can apply it to my own.
  12. @ZachTheJack: Great video! Only thing confusing me is in the second example, why is "washed" considered the Objective / End state and not "Eating Bread"? I'd think the objective is to eat the bread lol. Otherwise, thanks for the great explanations and examples!!
  13. @editating_2614: How would I apply this to long form content talking about filmmaking and pop culture?
  14. @jaleeljterrybjj: nah this is good had to pause and go test it real quick
  15. @MikeBeauMonde: Very helpful, Thanks ✅
  16. @badrmind: Nice!.❤
  17. @HiddenLeverage-t8j: this is amazing
  18. @almir_rodriguez: Wow, I finally found someone who got straight to the point, was technical and didn't teach how to "model the content that is working". Thank you, I signed up and I will follow you. I am from Brazil...
  19. @PHILOSOPHY2PIXELS: Top level Research for free !! ❤
  20. @Muzykajutra: Nice ❤

- I’ve Analyzed +1,000 Viral Videos - Here’s What Works: Kind: captions Language: en Going viral is easier than you think. If you're a content creator or brand willing to study what actually works, virality, it's not luck. It is a science. And at the heart of that science is storytelling. Because the right story told the right way doesn't just get views. It builds trust, drives action, and makes your message unforgettable. Over the last 20 years, my team and I have spent over 10,000 hours analyzing viral social media videos. And in this video, I'm going to break it all down for you. First, we'll cover the one mistake that 99% of people make that stops them from understanding how viral content works. Then, I'll show you my foolproof method for finding ideas that actually work. Next, we'll uncover the reason that 97% of people fail and how to avoid it. And then finally, I'll reveal my go-to method for testing which route to take that will get you the best results. So, let's dive in. But first, we need to address the one thing that ruins most people's chances of going viral. Trying to follow trends. If your strategy is built on trends, you're starting from scratch every single time. That's exhausting and unsustainable. You end up relearning the game over and over again and never get the chance to truly level up your skills. So, what should you do instead? You need to find a format and run with it. A format is a repeatable content structure. It's not based on what's trending this week. It's based on what works consistently. Think of it like a TV show. People don't tune in because every episode is wildly different. They tune in because there's a format they recognize and trust. For example, Mr. Beast $1 versus $1 million series is a format. It's a repeatable concept that instantly creates contrast. stakes and curiosity. Tahini's restaurant built a viral brand by acting out customer interactions as sketch comedy that itself has become a format. And Nitro Bar focused their efforts on a format where they ask every barista what's the weirdest drink someone's ever ordered. That question alone built them a loyal following online. Even back in the early days, Blendec turned a simple question, will it blend, into a viral empire. Formats, they're not new. But creators who understand them are the ones that are winning the long game. Now, compare formats to trends. Think back to the ice bucket challenge or that viral sound that kept shouting, "Give me my money." Or even now, every other video on your for you page says, "Use this trending song and you'll go viral." But the problem is trends fade while formats they scale. Trends might give you one hit, but formats give you a system. Now, our research team has studied over 300 high-erforming formats across different niches. These are plug-and-play blueprints like the 30-day challenge or stranger interviews or the skit with a twist formula. And the creators seeing long-term growth aren't chasing the next big thing. They're mastering one format, building momentum, and iterating with every single post. So, how do you start building a system like that? Well, it begins with a mindset shift that 99% of creators miss. I have a confession to make. I eat Chipotle almost every day, and I've probably had the same burrito bowl hundreds of times. But if you asked me to make it from scratch, I wouldn't have the first clue on how to do it. not without figuring out the exact ingredients, how much of each one, what order they go in, and what makes it taste so good. Now, it's the same with content. Most people assume that just because they've watched a ton of viral videos that they can automatically recreate them. But until you shift your mindset from just a consumer of content to an expert content creator, you're always going to be guessing. So, going back to the Chipotle analogy, you've got to stop thinking like someone that's ordering lunch and start thinking like the chef that's behind the counter. What's in it? How is it built? What makes it work? When you break it down like that, you stop copying content and start crafting it. Every video that you release provides feedback and signals about what worked and what didn't. By being analytical, you can use these signals to refine your next piece of content. At Hookpoint, we developed a proprietary diagnostic system for this very purpose. A method for breaking down each content's performance. We look at dozens of variables in every video. What happens in the first 3 seconds? Did the opening image or line hook attention? Were captions used and in what style? How was the pacing and energy? What emotions did it evoke? This granular analysis helps you uncover the real performance drivers behind a video. See, it's not about subjective guesses. It's about cold, hard data and patterns. We've identified three of the most common performance drivers in viral content. Promise of value, where the viewer is given a clear, compelling reason to stick around because they know what exactly they'll gain by the end. That could be insight, entertainment, or transformation. In Ali Abdal's nine passive income ideas, how I make $27,000 a week hooks viewers in with a clear benefit. watch if you want to learn how to earn money in your sleep. Second, the general's principle. Now, even if your message is niche, the presentation needs to be broad enough to appeal to a wide audience. This ensures that your content performs to the algorithm standards and reaches more people, including potential clients or customers who weren't actively searching you out. In this video, how to be car dealers, Mark Tilbury acts out a relatable skit where an everyday buyer outsmarts a shady salesman using insider tips. Though this is about purchasing a car, the dramatic character-driven setup makes it entertaining and accessible to anyone who enjoys stories about underdogs winning. The third is perspective shift. The video challenges the viewer's existing beliefs or reframes a familiar concept in a way that just feels fresh, surprising, or even mind-blowing. This kind of insight sticks with people because once you change how they see something, they are more likely to remember you. In the video FHA loan by Ecom Jess, she flips the widespread belief that you need 20% down to buy a home, revealing that you can qualify with much less. That simple shift turns a dream into a possibility for millions, making it not just informative, but unforgettable. Some of these performance drivers are pieces of knowledge, while others are subtle emotional cues, but the best videos often stack several of these together. Now, to join that top 1% of content creators, you must go deeper. You must develop the habit of post-mortem analysis of your content. Because when a video flops, don't just shrug or blame the algorithm. Autopsy it. Now, when a video soarses, dissect it, too. Well, why did it work? The analytical mindset is what separates the content architects from the amateurs. Also, shifting your mindset means embracing patience and consistency. When you adopt a format, you commit to mastering it. It may take a number of tries to really nail the nuances. So, resist that urge to abandon ship too soon. And a great way to avoid burnout is by ignoring a piece of advice I hear creators follow all the time. If you do this one thing, you're basically gambling at scale. You may save some time up front, but you risk wasting a lot of time on the back end with content that just simply doesn't perform. Batching is like printing 10,000 flyers with a typo. You've mass- prodduced a mistake before you even knew it was there. That's exactly what most people are doing when they decide to batch content. They end up with 20 useless videos. Let's say the video number one had a weak camera setup. You won't find that out until it flops. But now you've got 19 more videos sitting in the queue, all with the exact same flaw. You've just wasted hours of your time and budget. And more importantly, you've lost 19 chances to improve. That's not content creation. That's gambling. And in business, gambling with your time is gambling with your bottom line. The truth is iteration is where the ROI of your time lives. In a digital world, speed is your greatest advantage. The faster you test, the faster you learn. The faster you learn, the faster you scale. In the early stages of adopting a format, you need tight feedback loops. You create one video, release it, and watch the data. What was the click-through rate? How was the audience retention? Did people rewatch or share it? What reach ratio did you get? These insights should directly inform your next video. This is how you build a content strategy that compounds over time through rapid learning loops, not static content calendars. Now, let's take Connor Price for example. On September 9th, 2022, he released the first version of his around the world format. It went well, but 12 days later, he released another more refined version. and that it blew up. It wasn't luck, that was strategy. He didn't batch 10 variations up front. He tested, learned, and leveled up. That is the mindset. But there are so many different formats out there, it can seem overwhelming to just pick one. So, how do you decide where to start? Choosing the right format is like finding the right container for your message. Not every format suits every creator or topic. You see, the magic happens when you match your message and personality to a format that amplifies them. So, you may be asking, how do you select the ideal format for you? Well, start with your strength and passion. Ask yourself, what style of content could I see myself doing, not just once, but 100 times? Because if your goal is repeatable success, you'll be living in this format for a while. And it needs to be something that you enjoy and can execute well. So, if you hate acting, a skit format with characters, it's not for you. If you're an introvert, a man on the street interview won't be fun. On the flip side, if you love explaining complex ideas simply, an explainer or visual metaphor format can be perfect. Now, remember, if it feels like pulling teeth, it won't be sustainable. The format should energize you, not drain you. With a clear idea in mind, it's time to research what's working. Study content in and outside your niche. Focus on structure, the hook, the pacing, the payoff. What formats are they using? Do you notice any patterns? Make a list of the formats you see succeeding and consider which ones might fit your style. That is what drives growth. Our team's 10,000 hours of research have identified hundreds of formats, but you don't need to boil the ocean. Just hone in on a few that resonate with you and have proven appeal. Now it's time to test them on a small scale. Once you've identified a promising format, produce a video in that style. This is your prototype phase, so don't worry about perfecting it immediately. Instead, aim to learn what that format demands. Now, here are a few common low lift formats that you could use to get started. Walking listicles. Now, this consists of delivering actionable tips while walking. This motion keeps it visually dynamic. The list structure delivers value fast. It's perfect for experts who want to build authority and momentum with nothing more than an iPhone. The next format is X things I would never do where a professional shares things that they never would do. This format triggers curiosity and surprise. It also challenges assumptions and delivers real value in a simple punchy setup. Two characters, one light bulb. It's a skip format where the same person plays two different characters. a skeptic and an expert or a villain and a guide and then they debate a common misconception. It's fun, it's dynamic and teaches through contrast. This format is ideal for simplifying complex topics and making them memorable. Now, before you even hit record, the first step is analyzing what works. We need to study formats that are already driving results and breaking them down. Now, there are hundreds of different combinations of performance drivers we analyze at my company, Hookpoint, and we don't have time to go through all of them, but here are a few high-level examples. What is the hook? How is the story structured? And what makes it sharable? Now, once you've identified a winning structure, hone it and fit it to your voice. That gives you a framework built for repeatable success. Then comes the test. If your first video doesn't hit the mark, don't panic because now you've got the data to boost your viral chances even further. This next part is possibly one of our most powerful techniques. It's the reason one of our clients managed to multiply her views by 2,000 times the amount that her first video generated. Her name is Aaron and she runs a puppy yoga business and her first video wasn't reaching as high as she would like. So, we ran what is called the Hookpoint mirror test where we put her video side by side with a similar one that had already generated 18 million views. Same niche, same energy, but very different execution. We took notes on what it did better. Then, we made the tweaks to Aaron's next video, and it managed to generate 59 million views in one week. It's all about evaluating your content with raw honesty by comparing it with a high standard. Remember, we're scientists conducting an experiment. So, remove all of the ego and emotion from the content that you've created and approach it with curiosity instead of disappointment. To perform the Hookpoint mirror test, I take a piece of content that we've created and hold it up against a proven winner in the same format, literally playing it side by side with the top performing video. The sidebyside mirror reveals the nuances we might miss otherwise. Are our first three seconds as captivating as the winners, or does the other video grab attention faster? Is our pacing dragging at any point when the other keeps viewers hooked? How does the energy and emotion compare? By mirroring our content against a known success, the gaps in our execution become glaringly obvious. So, how can you do this yourself? Say you decide to focus on a challenge format. We'll take your latest video in that format and pick a viral challenge video that you admire. Watch them concurrently. Now, it may feel awkward at first, but trust me, you'll be able to spot the differences. The Hookpoint mirror test doesn't lie. When your video can stand next to a top performer and it holds its own, then you know you're on the right track. I will warn though that most people end up doing it wrong. They ask themselves, "Would I watch my own video?" and they almost always say yes. But that's a trap. You know the context and the value already. You made it, so of course you're biased. The real test isn't whether you would watch it in isolation. It's whether a stranger would pick your video over another one on their feed. That is what the mirror is really for. Not self-reflection, but a sidebyside comparison. Let's say your video sits next to one from a top creator or a trending reel. The same scroll, the same stakes. Now, which one would make you pause? Which one would you watch all the way through and share with someone else? If it's not yours, then it's not ready. Don't post and pray. Refine the hook. Cut the fluff and make it undeniable. Another way to use the hook point mirror test is comparing yourself against yourself. Though, it's incredibly important that you already have some high performers first. So, in order to do this, look at your last five videos of content side by side and identify which one was the strongest by whatever metric matters, views, retention, conversions, and use that as the bar. So, how do others stack up against your own best work? If one video had an incredible hook that the others lacked, isolate what made it so gripping. Hold the weaker ones in the mirror to that standard and spot what's missing. This way, you are continuously upping your baseline. Your average improves because you keep challenging yourself with your personal best. By applying the mirror test, you ensure that you're not operating on an autopilot or ego. It keeps you aligned with what actually works, grounding your creativity in reality. Now, I hope you've enjoyed this video and you'll want to watch this where I break down the psychology of going viral.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NextGenFinance-27 [3 likes]: I'm 1+ years on Youtube and have not reached 1k subs, yet I'm still here. Keep going guys, don't give up! Best wishes to all the small channels out there. lets go!
  2. @NikkiDenver [1 likes]: As always, Brendan doing the work — so we don’t have to. Thank you! ❤
  3. @BrendanKane: Get a FREE copy of my newest book on viral growth (60B+ views): https://goingviral.cc/viral
  4. @BradColes-h9c: No one of substance ever talks about the music artist and adoptable formats for the sing song writer.  I'm watching a great Artist moving ckawards at lightning speed.
  5. @opinadordigital: Esté hombre debería habilitar la opción de doblaje, para llegar a más idiomas 5:33 me interesa mucho el tema, pero escuchar en ingles y leer en español me dificulta 😢
  6. @benjaminonmaui: Great Video
  7. @Multi-AccountMastery: Love how Brendan reframes virality here: stop chasing random trends and instead lock into one repeatable format, then iterate it like a scientist using promise of value, the generalist principle, and perspective shifts as your core performance drivers. I’m using accsmarket to spin up and scale different format experiments on multiple platforms and geos at once, so I can quickly see which structures actually pull strangers in before I double‑down on any one style.
  8. @AppliedFitnessCoaching: great video
  9. @Led5975: Can you help with affiliate marketing ? Like clickbank links in bio ?so to create video to go viral ?
  10. @edzahrin7283: 16mins Gold masterclass. Thanks Kane.
  11. @YuptheHeroDog: how many days of data atleast for us to gathered before me analyze it?Thank in advance.
  12. @cassandrafinchplantpoweru: I'm here after watching your deep dives  with The Futur and Myron Golden. You've given me hope and a strategy. Thank you.🙏🏿
  13. @ShadowX2K7-c3y: “We will cover viral videos that my team and I have been studying for the last 20 years”. And dude has just 104 videos uploaded. Yeah right. 🙄😒
  14. @detetonanikibankov8476: bro you look AI
  15. @sabrinemaria2015: Struggling with numbers come we grow together
  16. @jonathanpeters9271: Here's the thing. Most of the time viral videos aren't really coming from long-standing YouTube channels with a well-formulated niche. They're coming from random people with no other videos in some particular format. Your advice is viable for someone who wants to become a creator, sure. But if you were hoping to capture the feasible elements of a viral sensation, these are fluid, evolving things and most of the time aren't going to be reproducible because they don't follow media trends. At least from my perspective, it's not something you can really teach.
  17. @EnglishForImpact: Super useful, already filling out the format ideation spreadsheet. actually the first channel that I feel can really give me a feasible way to get unstuck
  18. @BurakBuu: Man you've got great hair!
  19. @Faizan_Accountant: I’ve started watching your videos three days ago and have watched about 10 complete videos …. I see your niche or format is basically around virality … but when I see your very own videos I feel like you are not telling stories as well? And hence you’re not having enough viewership ? But maybe as you said it’s about having a system in place and probably you’re earning more than someone with a million followers
  20. @koechdawn1412: who edits your videos?

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @snipitclipx: Hoping to go viral too
  3. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  4. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  6. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  7. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  8. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  9. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  10. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  11. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  12. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  13. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  14. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  15. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  16. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  17. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  18. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  19. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  20. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- I Tried 30 Viral Health Trends For 30 Days to See What's Worth It: Kind: captions Language: en Ice baths will change your life. You should be walking 10 to 15,000 steps every single day. - If you just decide, I'm gonna go on a carnivore diet, you'll lose weight and you'll feel amazing. - But it's hard to know which ones will actually improve your life. Which ones are just click bait or even worse, which ones are just trying to sell you something that doesn't even work? So for the next 30 days, we are gonna be trying 30 viral health trends. Starting right now with one of the most viral health practices in recent years, the daily cold plunge. This works day number one and health trend number one. Each day we'll be adding another healthy practice to our routine. We'll be getting our steps in going vegan, meditating, running, hanging from a bar, cutting out sugar, gluten, and caffeine. If you heard of a health trend, we're probably gonna do it until by the 30th day we're gonna be following all 30 trends. How long do we have to stay in here? Five minutes day, one down. See you tomorrow. Dude, I feel invigorated. So today we'll do the cold plunge from yesterday and run at least one mile. So for the next 28 days, we're gonna continue to cold plunge and run at least one mile in addition to each subsequent trend. Day three, feeling good run, then cold plunge, then journaling. Journaling is supposed to help you deal with your emotions. Stay grounded and think about your day. It's supposed to be good for anxiety and help relax the mind. Day four, cold plunge, run, journaling and - Whole Food Diet. Aha basically just means whole ingredients and everything that you eat. - Eating a whole food diet is supposed to give you more energy and better health by sticking to foods that haven't been heavily processed. I'm all about the whole food Diet Only eats single ingredients. Whole foods, whole foods. So most of the benefits that we're gonna get out of this, we think are gonna be mental, but to track and see if there's any physical difference. We did complete body scans at the beginning of the month. This is only a 30 day challenge, so if we see any changes, that's huge. - Day five. Ugh. Damn, I was hoping that was tomorrow. Yeah, - So I remember a lot of this stuff on there, but I definitely don't remember the order. Caffeine is gonna be tough. I do know what the last one is and I've literally never done it before and I'm not sure how you'll make a video while we're doing it. - How'd that feel? It was harder than I thought it would be though. I'm feeling pretty cocky. I think we're gonna build day 30, we're gonna be ripping 10 Ks. - You're probably wondering who that is. That's Redpath. We made a bunch of videos together at Donut and he's gonna be my teammate and moral support throughout this challenge because I'll tell you now, this is not going to be easy. I'm exhausted. I'm really looking forward to this being over. I - Think this challenge might kill us. - Just really - Unmotivated. Day six meditation. That was easy. - It's day six and we are feeling great. The plunges and runs are giving us energy and the journaling really feels like it's working. - Where I was mentally 30 minutes ago is very different than how I feel right now. After journaling and after meditating. - Our whole food diet doesn't make us feel amazing, but we never feel like crap either, - Man, I'm so stoked. I don't feel like - Even though cold plunging, running, journaling, meditating and getting in steps don't take up that much time. We know the time needed to accomplish all of our challenges will only grow and we're still making other videos for the channel. Oh, day seven, drink one gallon of water hydration. Many benefits I've said in previous videos. Your body is just a series of tubes filled with goop and you gotta do everything you can do to not only make that goop move around, but to dilute that goop to help it move around. Flush - In the system, - Flush this stone, - Flush the sea. Flush the sea stove. Add it to the regimen. - I've been here for like 15 minutes trying to fill up this jug. One week down. I'm feeling good actually. I am peeing a lot. And today we're gonna introduce Reed for at least 30 minutes. 30 minutes. - The day is packed and - We're only on day eight. Wake up, do this cold plunge, Dakota at night I meditate and journal. Solid journal sesh. Talked about procrastination being my final form of self-sabotage. Whole time, whole food diet. We got this. So Riley made whole food muffin things that are pretty good muffins, but really just very convenient oatmeal. - How do they measure grams - Of fiber? McDonald's probably one of the easier ones. - Day nine, no gluten. There is gluten in a whole food diet, but it's really hard to pull off. So we've basically been gluten-free anyway, so I'm glad that we don't really have to add anything else to our schedules because it has been getting hard to fit everything in. - Took two minutes and four seconds to fill this mold. It's day nine. We're starting to feel a little sick, but honestly that shouldn't be too surprising 'cause we're running in the rain plunging into freezing cold water and sometimes because of poor time management, not getting enough sleep. - It's 11:30 PM and I just remembered that I need to journal. - I have to journal and meditate and read that we're doing like a viral health trend challenge and we both get sick. All right guys, let's journal meditation. - Oh, it's free, but unless you're rich enough, then yeah, it's a free market. - Day 10. We're a third of the way into the challenge and I'm a little sick, so maybe just eat McDonald's and don't move your body at all. You might be better off. - Day 10. - Follow a skincare routine. Nice skincare routine. Skincare routine. Morning skincare routine. I think skincare is something that most dudes overlook. - None of our dads did that. - No way. And you could tell my dad looked old as hell. Dude, we go hard on our skincare routine. We cover all the bases in the morning. A water based cleanser to get rid of the dirt and oils, a toner to balance the skin's pH levels, a vitamin C serum to brighten the skin and boost collagen production and a moisturizing sunscreen for protection in the evening. An oil-based cleanser to remove sunscreen and cleanse toner. Again, a hyaluronic acid to retain moisture, A retinol to reduce wrinkles. An under eye moisturizer and a nighttime moisturizer. - Obviously this is a video, so we're going kind of extreme with it. You - Should wash your face and you should moisturize it with sunscreen. All the other stuff just depends - On how beautiful you wanna be. - Day 10 meditation. I can't breathe through my nose. I've already read for a half hour, but I like this book. It's a book club book, speed book club. If you haven't already joined our discord, go ahead and do it now. Conversations are great, but I don't feel well, so I'm gonna read this in my bed. Day 11, stretch. Stretching. Stretching, stretching. Routine viral stretching routine. Have officially entered the second act of the health trends challenge. - Full plunge today, the schedule is getting outta control. Schedule's. - Heavy journal day 11. I'm a little bit under the weather. I don't think it has anything to do with Oh yeah, the fact that I've been plunging myself into cold water every morning for the first. Yeah, yeah, you don't sound very healthy. I'm feeling great. One thing I do want to document, that's a positive, but my poops right now are better than they've been in a long time. - I don't even poop anymore. No waste in. No waste out. That's where we're at right now. I am peeing all the time. Yeah, it's nonstop. - Day 12, no sugar, but we're already not eating refined sugar because - We no food. Yeah, - So I definitely picked up the most no sugar. It's definitely better with the sun up though. Exactly the shade. Dude, I man out here. Morning stretch with David O Yoga. My name is James Ovideo. As we approach the end of the second week, the sickness starts to fade. We begin to feel everything that we're doing is starting to pay off. We're getting more strict with our schedules. Everything feels manageable. Oh, I've been dreading this on the entire time That coffee really hit after the cold War. - Ooh, one month - Of no caffeine. Caffeine, caffeine. Caffeine. No caffeine. Caffeine. God, dude, it sucks, dude. Oh, I should have peed before. I should have peed before we were draining it. Go ahead. It's drain day. We get to pee. - It's We got a sub. We can watch a movie in school. I'm gonna take a shit. The book in the pool. There is a layer of oil that I can see on - Top of my, yeah, definitely. We haven't emptied these since we started. - I've been wearing the, and they're gross. I've been wearing the same shorts. - I've also been running and then getting straight these covered in sweat. - This video is full of trends, but you want to know something that is timeless running? Our ancestors did it and it's pretty much the reason that we're not dolphins. Perfect accessory for any running outing is this thing. The speed run club hat science shows that running is a whole lot easier. When you look cool as shit, just ask Cheah. This thing is comfy. It's stretchy. It makes you look like you know where the heck you're going. Don't look like a lost Leonard. Go get your own speed. Run club hat today@speed.co. Thank you guys for supporting this channel. You are the lifeblood behind it. There is no sponsor on today's video, but you can still support speed by shopping our merch. Besides this sick hat, we got shirts, we got stickers, we got license plate frames. I think there's a PS five on there. Buy the speed run club hat today@speed.co. The one thing I wanna work on the most in the way I live is not procrastinating. Keeping the pace under seven 30 and being proactive and doing the little thing now. David Oyo your hands. Yeah, and I've removed a lot of self-destructive tendencies from my life and the one that remains is procrastinated Skincare. Got a little - Sun today. Good thing I was wearing my SPF first morning without caffeine. Don't you look at me like that. Don't you look at me like that. No, no. Don't you look. Nope. Nope. I don't care. I don't care. We just can't. We just can't do this anymore. It is over and I mean that. - Two weeks in the can, 100 pushups. Oh shit, dude. I've been looking forward to this one. - You have to do at least a hundred pushups, - A hundred pushups a day. 100 - Pushups. - 100 pushups every single day. I've lost a lot of weight recently and one thing that I need to add is muscle mass. So this will be like a good start to that. Get a little sore. 100 pushups. Zach and I both kind of hit a wall. Dude. Day 13. I was feeling on top of the world. - Yeah, - I could do this forever. I thought 30 day challenge. Yeah, right. More like new lifestyle and then simultaneously, separately, Zach and I both hit a wall. - Today's the most that I've ever wanted to quit this challenge. God, it just felt like I had a million things to do this morning and I was running and I was like low on blood sugar I think or something and I was like, damn dude, we're only halfway. I don't think I've really wanted to like quit until today. I was just like, yo, this is dumb dude, this is dumb. I don't know why we're doing this, but you know, there's a lot of stuff that you don't want to do. So just added to the list of that - Day 15 red light therapy tight. For the past, like week or so, I've been thinking, man, I've really figured this out. But for the past two days I've been like extremely busy, but also extremely bored going through the day, ticking a bunch of boxes. We're really just removing spice of life and I'm sore and I can't have coffee. So what are the benefits of red light therapy? - Red light therapy I think was originally a skin thing. More recently they've been saying it's even good for your muscles. The 100 by four light sources provide intensive care for the face, giving women the ideal filter filled skin. Okay, come on a little gendered. I could kill somebody in this. I don't know what just happened, but I think I damaged my retinas. - Red light therapy is a treatment that uses low wavelength red light to promote various health benefits, skin health and anti-aging. Nice speeds. Up wound healing. Hell yeah. May reduce symptoms of depression and anxiety. That's great because I'm a little anxious these days. Stimulates hair follicles and increases hair thickness. So your boy's beard is about to be on point. May alleviate chronic pain conditions. That's good because a lot of people are like, Hey, does your face hurt because it's killing me. Do I feel less anxious? Do I feel younger? Do I feel less depressed? Too early to tell. It's only day 16, man, there's so much crap we gotta do and I'm not having any fun eating at all. Mm, no. A hundred pushups harder than I thought I was gonna be. Thought I was gonna be a breeze. Kind of hard. I also feel like I can't really like think because I'm not like there's no joy really going on in my life. I feel dumb and stupid and like not cool and fun. So what are we gonna add today? It's only getting harder now. Yeah. Oh no dairy. Damn. Thank you. This one is one of the easier ones, but this is taking a little bit of the joy I have left. - I'm embarrassed, but I just did my whole skincare routine thinking that I was recording, but I'm not because apparently I'm a boomer. - Day. 17, right? Gratitudes. Yes, dude. If you start the day with three gratitudes, it puts you in a outwardly positive mindset. Like you are looking at things in a positive light. And so if you start with those three things, it's just gonna kind of carry over to into the day. You're like, we're almost three fits. And they say, if you can get past three fits, - If the first three fifths don't kill you, you're home free. Just over halfway through the challenge. Even though it's getting harder every day, I have to admit I'm feeling great physically and mentally. There are tough moments, but in many ways I'm feeling elite. I feel clean, energized. My body is happy, my mind is clear. If my emotions and energy were grafted throughout the day before the challenge, it would feel like this big fluctuations, major spikes. Now it feels like this. Steady a few moments of pain or annoyance here, there, but also way fewer wild highs. Day 18, going strong, not feeling positive, not feeling negative just in it like a robot. A healthy, healthy robot. - I've got a bad feeling about this one. I know we really, we've got some easy ones. Easy, easy, easy. Wake up at 5:00 AM It's time for this. Yeah, yeah. We need this. Waking up at five isn't like that big of a deal. Waking up at five for the next 2, 4, 6, 12 days. Yeah, that's kind of a lot less than two weeks left. - It is like six. My brain is awake, but my body, - My body is tired. Unfortunately we were up kind of late last night working at James's house, so didn't get that much sleep. - Oh yeah. - Oh, eating paleo basically means eating like a caveman. Some of it's obvious. No processed foods or dairy, which we're already doing. But there are other things you might not realize that our ancestors didn't have access to like grains and certain legumes. Even though those plants existed 10,000 years ago, we didn't have the technology or cooking methods to make them a regular part of our diet. - No beans, no peas, no grains. Yeah, they're just like chicken, steak, potatoes, eggs, eggs. Okay. As long as we never lose eggs. Yeah, this one kind of blows - Most of the things that we add to the challenge. Take away time. 5:00 AM wake up is the first one to give us something. So I gained an hour or two every day. I'm way ahead. I mean good spirits for sure, but definitely looking forward to not doing all of these every day. Forgot to record egg white, ground Turkey. Soupy tea. I want pizza. What am I thinking today? I don't know. I'm really just in it. I'm in this. Am I at peace? Is this what peace feels like? Ain't got no beefs, dude. Day 20, dude, - It says two minutes. Two minutes. That's pretty good. Oh, good. - Dead hang. Everyone in the world should be dead hanging for at least five minutes every single week. Not only isn't an amazing exercise just to open up the shoulders and get them into that overhead position, but it's going to be great to help you decompress the spine and develop grip strength as well. - The way that we designed this is that the final days are the hardest. During all this, we're also doing our normal lives. We've got the golf build, we have other videos to shoot. We have members only podcast. We have live streams and all the like behind the scenes stuff that goes into running a YouTube channel. I'm just really looking forward to not doing 20 things every morning. - I've been invited to go camping with a group of friends this weekend. It's probably gonna be pretty hard, but bring in my journal, my book, my Gallon of water, my running shoes, and I'm going to go to the store to buy totally paleo meals. So it's only for a - Night. I Ms. Rice, I miss soy sauce. I miss peanut butter. I miss toast. I want butter. And I really, really, really, really, really, really, really want coffee. You know how sick it is to do 5:00 AM without coffee sucks. Dude, - Just forgot to hit record again. But I did. I did my skincare. Sorry. - Journaling at night tonight. Wonder how Zach's enjoying camping. - I just woke up and it's brutal because it's so cold. I think I'm just gonna read and journal and try to do stuff in my tent 'cause it's so cold outside. I just want to go back to bed so bad 'cause it's so cold. My sleeping bag is warm. I'll wait to go for a run later. It's way too cold. - 5:00 AM day 21. Sunday. Not very into making this video right now. Alright, let's hit the streets. - Two, three. It's not fat. You got shoulder limbs, so like that's literally all you need. It's just me. - Alright. All right. Sauna, sauna. This one's nice. The problem is we gotta go somewhere 'cause neither of us have a sauna. - So I joined the Y today because they have a sauna. It was a weird vibe, man. Los Angeles, YMC, a sauna. Weird vibe dude. - Saunas are supposed to improve circulation, help with recovery and reduce stress, which is awesome because that is exactly what we needed at this point in the challenge. Officially three weeks into this thing and I don't feel like doing it anymore. Like I don't want to cold plunge today. I don't wanna meditate today. I don't want to journal. I want to dairy. I want to eat fake food. I don't wanna write gratitudes. Definitely don't want to hang from a bar for two minutes. I'm just really unmotivated. 21st day, we're officially three weeks in and it's a Sunday and I just want to chill. I'm so tired. - Hit record today. - I wanna relax. I can't 'cause I have 21 health trends to participate in. I just wanna chill and watch the game. You know what I mean? - Today's the first day that I feel worse than I felt yesterday. - Yeah, I don't feel motivated to do this. I think this is dumb. Wish we didn't do it. Jk. - I haven't even started pushups and I like have a hard time remembering everything I have to do. It like randomly hits me. I'm like, oh, I didn't stretch and I like go stretch. - I've thought to put my Fitbit on like eight times. I haven't, so I don't know how many steps I've gotten. - Have you run - Yet? Yeah. Without your Fitbit? Yeah. Oh dude. See, it's just an off day. This is getting hard. Yeah. All right. With that said, what else? Let's see, what else are you fucking kidding me, dude? All right, dude, back that back time to get real. Time to get real. Time to get swollen over the next eight days. Eight days. Feeling good, feeling alive, feeling like we're on the last lap. We are getting it. Zach and I have already been to the gym. We've already sauna. We've already run, we've already meditated, we've already stretched, we've already journaled, but we're feeling good, feeling motivated, feeling awesome. Hey, definitely ready for this thing to be over, but excited for what the last week is gonna bring. Day 23, keto, paleo. Okay. The point of a keto diet is to get your body into a fat burning mode called ketosis where your metabolism starts burning fat instead of glucose. Once you're in ketosis, your cravings for carbs go down. You burn fat more easily and it's easier to maintain a caloric deficit. - So no more broccoli. Oh no, no more asparagus. No more potatoes. No - More potatoes, dude. - Yeah, - The potatoes were good. That's a big one. It's - Basically paleo but no - Carbs. Yeah, so we're gonna lose some cornerstones of our diet. - My legs are so, so this is my keto - Paleo dinner. This is what I eat now. Just had dinner. I gotta get more steps. My butt really hurts, like my butt cheeks - Doing skincare. Final thing of the day and then I'm getting in bed because I'm - Tired. It's hard to bend over. We did dead lips today. - I'm sitting on the toilet. I think I ate too much red meat. - All right. Day 24. It's - Gonna be hard. No social - Media. Whoa, I wasn't expecting that. I forgot about that one. Yeah, crazy. And YouTube counts. Oh shit. We can't do YouTube. No YouTube analytics. Four fifths of the way through. You know what they say. If you can make it through four fifths, you can make it all the way. Yeah. We - Are officially in the final week. - This last section is, it's gonna break us. It's, it's the hardest stuff. We put all the hardest stuff kind of at the end. The things that we could only bear for just a few days, we put at the end, - There's Instagram, remove app. Damn. I don't know my Instagram password. - You can get it if your phone's attached to it. - Alright, - It deleteds data. What does that mean? Like your most recent searches and stuff like that. Okay. Like your browsers. Well, it's deleted. - TikTok. That one is more like, I know that's good for me. YouTube deleted. YouTube Studio deleted. Oh, Reddit deleted. That one's probably for the best LinkedIn. Damn, dude. How am I? How am I gonna post about my wins? Dude, I feel free. You actually, I do actually feel like a sense of relief. It does like honestly feel like a kind of a weight off my shoulders. It's like, it's like kind of like when I went to rehab, it's like this is gonna be hard, but I'm making the right decision. My red light mask is dead. Day - 25, intermittent fasting. Sick. All right. This is circadian rhythm, which means you can only eat when the sun's out. I don't really have anything to say. - I felt, I felt my brain kind of like craving scrolling TikTok in a weird way last night, and that's gross. I'm worried the keto paleo diet mixed with all of this working out is very bad for me. I'm gonna keep an eye on that. - Dude, this diet is killing me. I just ate steak in arugula last night. My stomach was hurting so bad. I was sitting on the toilet for like an hour. One more week baby. You know James has a heart condition. I think this challenge might kill James. That would not be good. Probably be really bad for the channel. It'd be good for one video then it would be bad for all the videos after that. All right, dude, you just feeling it in your heart. Yeah. - Zach was joking that this challenge would kill me, but I think he actually jinxed me. A lot of you guys know that I have a heart condition and that heart disease runs in my family. I have a stent in my heart and we've been pushing it pretty hard in our morning workouts. That morning I noticed that my heart rate was climbing past the limit that my doctor set and I started to feel pain in my chest. - What's it feel like? Just hurts. Sorry, I'm trying to, yeah, - When you've had a heart attack, it's kind of always in the back of your mind, but I think that the pain I was feeling in my chest was because I hit it earlier with a dumbbell right to the heart. It's hard to know when you're just being paranoid and when you actually need to go to the hospital. Having a heart attack is a huge pain in the ass. - All right. I'm a believer in the keto diet. It changes the way that your body metabolizes. It makes me really believe in the diet. I'm also not as hungry as often, like my cravings. I've really gone down. I started making a list of everything I'm gonna eat on the day that this thing is done. Oh my God, my beautiful cheat day. I'm gonna make almond milk latte. Oh dude, eat a buttery croissant. Then I'm gonna eat a bowl of Reese's puffs. Then I'm gonna go surf. I'm gonna get a pit fire pizza. Oh dude, it's got like that chewy crust. I just want pie, just straight pizza. - Oh, day 26. I'm feeling kind of like down in the dumps calling old friend, but I think some reconnection with some people will be good. This one I'm actually relieved by. I haven't felt that way in a while. My mind is strong, but my body is weak, exhausted. - Five more days. Let's go baby. Let's go. - It is the first day. It felt good. Dude, I think I'm going crazy because this feels awesome. I'll talk to you later, dude, you later. Bye. Also, I've been having a hard time getting off of the toilet because my legs are so sore. One big, one - Little or too big too. - Riley's throwing me some salmon. Look at all those colors. I mean that's gotta be healthy, right? Breaking out a little bit here. Think it's because of retinol. - How long are you guys staying there? - 20 minutes. - No, - Redpath and I have been doing the keto diet for two days now. Theoretically, you can test whether your body is in that fat burning ketosis mode by measuring the ketones in your blood. We're using this device to measure our ketone levels and hoping for anything above 0.5. That means we're in ketosis. - Oh, you're a good clotter. Point five. So you're like right in ketosis. Alright, we'll do Jesse, and if Jesse reads like a 1.1, this thing's a scam low, dude. Not even reading anything. Ooh, 1.3. Dude. Damn dude. Cheo dude. Burning. Well, we're in ketosis, dude. Barely. Dude, you're sewing - Ketosis. I'm like ain. What your levels, dude, I gotta get on your level dude. Day 27. Oh no screens. - Oh, I thought that was tomorrow. - Yeah. - Whoa. This is a long time ago. Without screens. - Yeah, we have stuff to do. Holy shit. This video might be financially destructive. We're going no screens for the rest of this challenge. That includes the screens on our action cams, which we've been shooting all of this footage on. There might be some shots out of frame. There might be some poorly lit shots. No screens on action cams, no apple watches, no Fitbits analog watch. Nothing that emits light except the sun. - Okay, so we're not allowed to look at screens, but we still need to be able to call an old friend. The thing is, we are allowed to make phone calls. We're just not allowed to use our phone in the normal way to make a phone call. So my whole phone is taped and actually the touch screen still works through the tape. So I have marked exactly where I need to swipe to answer a call, where I need to press to hang up and where I need to press for it to go to speaker phone. So basically a phone call to an old friend, which I need to do today would go something like this. Hey Siri, call Michael Potter. Press the speaker button. It's going Hecky boy yo, dude, how's it going? - We like Zach's little tape hacks so much that we turned it into a real product. This is Screenless maybe once a month. You wanna break from your phone, but you still wanna be reachable in case someone needs you. That is exactly what Screenless is for. It's a removable sticker that you put on the screen of your phone. We've put indicators on all the the important buttons, but you can't look at your phone. You slap one on, you go about your day. You stay available without getting sucked into the scroll. We designed a bunch of styles so you can pick the vibe that fits your specific non-screen journey. I've tried screen timers, I've tried downloading apps because I've considered buying a dumb phone covering the screen of your phone works. Go to speed.co to get your mark one screen list. This is an experimental product. We are excited to hear your feedback, what you like about it, what you don't like about it. This is a new thing for us and we're really stoked. More to come. Let's go screen list together. Honestly guys, I don't wanna ruin the rest of the video, but it will. It's very good for your brain. Day 28, carnivore diet. Alright, so basically we can't eat leaves anymore. - All right, - Dude. - Chicken, eggs, ground turf, beef. That's basically all I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat horse - Balls, cow dicks, bull testes, bull testicles. Those nice dude, - You, you've gone. You've like broken a threshold that I haven't yet. - I've gone full wim off. Dude. I'm trying to spread out as much as I can. I'm trying to spread out - As much as I can. Hands and armpits is crucial. - Oh my god, - You had Swedish fish on your counter the other day and I, I walked inside and like literally in my head I go, don't mind if I do. And I was like, oh no, I can't. I think maybe my phone is recording right now. Three - More days. Three more day. - I've really like falling into this routine. I cannot wait for it to be over though. I like the removal of social media, but not being able to check in with the world easily is affecting me in a negative way. Sounds good. Screen. I can't watch, watch tv. I can't. The chest really hurts. The diet stuff is like fun. I don't have any energy. When I'm ready for it to be over, I really want to eat a focaccia sandwich. - This is what it's come to and I really want a coffee. I'm just eating hamburger. Patty, - This is by far the most challenging video I have ever made. I hope that all recorded because I don't have a screen. Am I in frame? Nobody knows my in focus. I don't know. Day 29, 2 more days. We knew it was coming. No shoes. I haven't worn shoes in. Over a year, fucking barefoot, barefoot. No longer going to wear shoes. So there's a bunch of bones in your feet that apparently shoes squished together. So today and tomorrow we're gonna not wear shoes anywhere. Stretch out our little bones and get more in touch with the earth. This one's wild. This is no way to live. I'm glad it's almost over. - I think I thought when I got to the end, I'd be feeling really good and almost not wanting to stop. That couldn't be further from the truth. I think James and I learned a lot. It's been hard, dude. It felt like it was never gonna end. It still kind of does. I think I have a headache from eating just meat, bro. The carnivore thing is messed up. I mean, I just want a goddamn brussel sprout today. I just rode my bike barefoot. - That hurt. Definitely bad, as bad as I thought. Totally conscious of the fact that I'm not wearing shoes. It wasn't excruciating, but there's like an underlying fear the whole time that you're just gonna like step on something sharp or gross or like catch your toenail. Dude, when we are done with this, I'm gonna not do anything for a whole day. Not a not a thing, not a single thing. I'm gonna crawl from the bed to the couch. I'm gonna watch home improvement all day and eat pizza. It's not like that hard. It's just a lot. It's like having two jobs, a lifestyle job, and then my regular have meetings and phone calls and write future videos. Job brother, it's a lot, man. Tired as hell. Feels good on this couch though, boy, I tell you what, but I have to do 50 more pushups today. Nice shoes. You think I'm self-conscious about not having foot prisons free baby. I can peel a banana with these bad boys. Heading into the last day, I think I had a really good feel for which trends were working and which ones I would not recommend at all. It's a lot to cover, but I wanna give you guys my takeaways for all 30 health practices. Here we go. Cold plunge. It's cool. Weekly. I'm not doing it daily or just take a cold shower, run a mile. I try for seven miles a week in any form journaling. Enjoyed it. Once a week feels right. Whole food diet solid for cutting out snacks. Would recommend 10,000 steps. Great. It's not hard. Gets you outta the house. 15 minutes of meditation. Too long. Five minutes is enough. Hydration challenge. A gallon is too much. Half a gallon is fine. 30 minutes of reading perfect replacement for your TV show. I read two books. Gluten-free makes me feel lighter, but I love bread too much. Daily skincare routine. I love it. Morning stretch. I feel a huge difference in my back and joints do it every day. Refined, sugar free. After a few days, I stopped having sugar highs and cravings, but I still like my little treats. No caffeine. I hate this. I do think I slept better. I hate it. 100 pushups per day. Definitely recommend, especially if you're not doing any of the strength training. Red light therapy. Honestly, the skincare routine made such a difference. It's hard to tell if this did anything. Dairy free. I feel better without cheese, but I like cheese. Gratitude's easy to do alongside journaling. It really put my mind in a positive place. 5:00 AM wake up makes me feel elite. Nothing beats waking up early. It gets easier. It'll drastically improve your life if you have something to do when you wake up. Paleo, kind of neutral on this one. Two minute dead hang. It made my back feel better. If you have back pain, try it. Sauna. It clears out the sinuses and definitely helps with recovery. Two workouts per day. One is enough. Keto paleo. Zach is a huge believer. It killed his cravings, which is a huge part of any diet. No social media. Do this every day. Get off TikTok. Get off Instagram. Social media doesn't improve your life except our videos. Those come out Thursdays. Watch those on your tv. Don't watch anything else. Intermittent fasting with everything else. It's hard to tell if it helped, but it does Stop me from nighttime snacking. Call an old friend. Don't do it daily or you'll run out of friends. But once a week or once a month worth it. No screens. I kind of love it. Inconvenient. Yeah, but maybe once a month. Screen list now available@speed.co carnivore. Never again. I feel gross. This one's weird. No shoes. Kind of like it. Let the dogs loose sometimes. As for the last challenge, if you can find the time to do it, I think it's introspective and fun, but it might just be something to try. Once as we wrap up the final day of the challenge, my biggest takeaway is this. We're living in a time of hyper optimization. Every health trend we tried, every diet, every exercise, every mindfulness practice came from something that we saw online. There's this pressure to not just improve, but to become the best possible version of yourself. The goal isn't balance or joy, it's perfection. Like we're machines and if we fine tune every setting, wake up at 5:00 AM follow the perfect diet, do the exact right workout, we'll unlock 100% of life. But 100% is a myth. Life is messier than that. It's more interesting. It's more beautiful and honestly it's more fun. Now, I'm not saying don't try. We should try. The whole point of this channel is to encourage people to try. We should challenge ourselves and build habits that could help us feel alive. And a lot of the people promoting these trends are genuinely trying to help. But let's not forget, some of them are trying to monetize our insecurities. The easiest way to get you to click to buy, to stay hooked is to convince you that you're not enough. Perfection is impossible, but it's easy to feel like it's just around the corner. Look, get on a manageable workout routine. Eat food that makes your body feel good. Drink more water. Take care of your skin. Do the cold plunge. If it excites you, not because you think it'll unlock a new life, let's be better. We don't have to be perfect. Perfect is usually someone else's idea of what you should be anyway. You are not a machine. You're a person. I love you guys. - You said a month ago, right? Yeah. Which I don't think a lot will change your month. Well, at least it is enough to kind of show you go in the right direction. Yeah. Right. Yeah. What's the routine like for that last month?

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpeeedCo [523 likes]: Give Screeenless a try, and/or get a Run Club hat: https://speeed.co/
  2. @BurchTM1: love you too bro
  3. @shawnregier8797: Woah james i loved this video!
  4. @maudieicrochet9491: Not feeling like crap is huge.❤
  5. @mariabahach333: What is the name of the music theme in the beginning? Please!
  6. @IntegratedPestManagement: Comments section love 8 hours of sleep
  7. @RedJo7: The music that's playing towards the end at around 45:00 - with the strings - is absolutely beautiful! I'd love to know the title track!
  8. @noob4head: 43:30 - 45:36 these are some of the wisest words I've heard anyone say on this platform. I've only recently discovered this channel but man have I been enjoying watching their videos.
  9. @deadlypendroppingby: 3:34 looks like somebody had a little pee
  10. @JCFrame: I really hope he made good money from this video. He deserves it.
  11. @markfeeer2149: Dude James you should look up how to do a proper pushup couse the one in the video wasnt.
  12. @romabaninja: 13:09 good luck to your ligaments and shoulders guys. Don't do so many reps EVERY DAY pls. This trend is one of the most diabolical
  13. @romabaninja: I've jumped with skipping rope for 10 minutes for 30 days. Slipped at day 26 due to 5 hours downpour, continued jumping for two more days and threw it away for some reason: 1) 4 weeks in a row, even in different city, so I proved to myself that I can do it anyway; 2) I realised that I needed some rest days for my joints... And my results exploded just after one day of laying at home. 832 jumps in a row.

So, this challenge gave me some mental strength, and my posture become even better, my overal health is improved. So, skipping rope is a good thing, I suggest you to try it
  14. @seanvazquez2920: How can i join the book club
  15. @j0ann: This was epic
  16. @AKM_DeepXD: 16:35 bro don't do pushups like that bro learn the perfect form not doing in perfect form can give you injury too. Your friend got a good form learn the form from him it mattars too much.

Good Form pura tension in all the main muscles bro and also it's much easier to pushup once you learn the perfect form
  17. @harriesdif: Thank you for the video!
  18. @justauserrrrr: We get sick because our hormones start to change . That change is a positive sign of improvement
  19. @helenaaoki1911: I think the skin care you guys should maintain the skin looks better
  20. @foolishmestudios: Wait so you didnt do each trend for 30 days but just added a tend in every day for 30 days? Thats not good experimentation. This is challenge, not a way to see if these trends work. I think the video idea is fine but you gotta tweak the purpose of the video is a bit

- Best Emotional Viral Songs 2025 | TikTok Hits That Touched Millions /EverHits-moritabari: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> I leave a light on every [singing] night. [music] Still hoping you might walk by. This quiet home feels too alive. Like memories dancing [music] in the light. There's something I'm not ready for. Your name still lingers in the [music] air. Like perfume [music] left behind somewhere. Do you miss me, when the silence starts to burn? Can you feel me [music] near, when your thoughts begin to turn? I've [music] been waiting, barely breathing, in the space you used to fill. If you feel me like I feel you, then this [music] heart is beating >> [music] >> still. Each little sound still feels like you. The floor [music] remembers every move. I walk through rooms [music] we once knew well. But every step [music] just pulls me through. The part of me [singing] that won't let go. Your name still lingers [music and singing] in the air. Like [music] perfume left behind Do you miss me, [music] too? When the silence starts to burn, can you feel me near? >> When your thoughts begin to turn. I've been waiting, >> barely breathing in the space you used to fill. If you feel [music] me like I feel you, then this heart >> [singing] >> Maybe love just learns to wait. >> Behind the doors we never face. If you feel [music] me late at night, >> that's my heart still holding tight. Do you miss me, too? can you feel me [music] near? When your thoughts begin to turn. I've been waiting, barely breathing in the [music] space you used to fill. If you feel me like [music] I feel you, >> is beating still. I walked away, [music] but stayed >> inside. Your name still echoes [music] deep and wide. Each night you're dancing [music] through [singing] my mind. A quiet storm I cannot hide. Wish I had [music] never let you in. You burned so warm beneath my [singing] skin. I should have seen [music] the signs back then. You came [singing] and left like passing [music] wind. You made me crazy with one touch. IT FELT LIKE LOVE, BUT hurt too much. I'm lost in you. I'm [music] lost in me. No way to breathe. No way to be. A wave that whispers [music] you're still near. Then fades away [music] and leaves me here. You made me crazy. Now I see. You took the light and left the sea. >> A fish once safe in quiet streams now drifts away from [music and singing] broken dreams. Your kiss was sweet, >> then turned to salt. >> I tried to flow. It's still my fault. Wish I had [music and singing] never let you in. You burned too warm beneath my skin. I should have seen [singing] the signs back then. You came [music] and left like passing wind. YOU MADE ME CRAZY WITH ONE TOUCH. It felt [music] like love but hurt too much. >> A wave that whispers you're still near. Then fades away and leaves me here. You made [music] me crazy. Now I see. >> I threw my heart into the sea to see if [music] pain would set it free. But even the ocean feels too small [music] when no one's there to catch the fall. >> It felt like love but hurt too much. I'm lost in you. I'm lost in me. No way TO BREATHE. NO WAY TO BE. >> A wave THAT WHISPERS YOU'RE still near. Then fades away and leaves me [music] here. You made me crazy, now I see. You took the light and left the seed. >> It's not the night, it's not the noise. Not all the lights or distant voice. It's just the way you breathe so near. >> And everything feels quiet here. You say nothing, [music] still [singing] I hear. All I need is you right here, when you're near. I feel it all. >> The pull, the calm, the silent fall. >> You don't fix me, don't explain. You just stay and ease the strain, >> when you're near. I'm not alone. [music and singing] >> It's not the one, it's not the song. Not saying [music] right or proving wrong. It's how you still this reaches me. Like shade beneath the heavy [music and singing] tree. You [music] don't try to make it right. But I can sleep through one more night. Oh, when [music] you're near The pull, [music] the calm, the silent You don't fix me, don't [music] explain. You just stay and ease the strain. When you're near >> I'm not alone. You don't [music and singing] rescue, don't pretend. But I can breathe when you begin. You're no storm, [music] no blinding flame. You're just the warmth that stays [music] the same. When you're near >> the world feels slow. Like I'm [music] exactly [singing] where I'm supposed to go. You don't promise, [music] don't perform. But your quiet keeps me warm when you're [music] near. I come home. >> I'm [music] still out here looking for you. Someone honest, someone true. [music] Who sees the parts I always hide, stays right [music] here, stays by my side. If you're the sea [music] that pulls me in, then let the deeper waves begin. I'd ride the highs, [singing] I'd face [music] the lows, just to be the one you know. They say we find what we believe, but [music] I'm worn out, I barely breathe. Still I'm holding every night, hoping you'll come back inside. Why my tears [screaming] don't let me know? Take my hand, don't move too slow. Hold me close, don't speak a word. >> I hear you clear without it hurting. >> Put your hand right into mine. Let me feel your quiet side. [music] If you feel this fire, too, then I've been waiting just for you. Still, I hope [music] you'll cross my way. [singing] Maybe on a softer day, you won't [music] ask for me to change. You'll just smile and feel the same. You'll see the truth inside my [singing] eyes, where no one stays, [music] no one tries. You'll laugh when I forget to breathe, and stay when [singing] others choose to leave. [music] They say love finds the ones who wait, but I've been stuck outside [music] the game. Still, I hope, still, I believe you're the one who never leaves. Dry my tears and let me know. Hold me close, don't speak a [music] word. I hear you clear without it hurting. Put your hand right into mine. Let me feel your quiet [music] side. This is love, [music] it's raw, but it feels real. It's not smooth, but it can heal. I'm not [music] proud, I'm not brand new, but I still give it all to you. Dry my tears like only you do. Say, I see the real in you. Even silence stays with me. It says what words [music] could never be. Put your hand [singing] right into mine. Let our hearts fall in line. >> If you feel this by two, then every step lead me to you. >> Don't walk away. Not now. [music] Not yet. Stay in this breath. No past [singing] regret. [music] Your eyes still shine. The air feels tight. >> A touch remains and fades [music] [singing] tonight. No need for words. Just let it be. >> Two hands [music] still hold unknowingly. The noise outside can reach us here. This fragile beat [music] is all we hear. Dance with me before it breaks. [music] No promises. No clean [singing] >> The rhythm's slow. >> The silence [singing] nears. But don't let go. Just keep me here. We burn too bright. Then came the [music] snow. One final breath. Then let it go. Your warmth is sharp. [music] It cuts like glass. No need [music] to speak. Just let it pass. >> We're standing still. But time [music] still flows. >> One last release. That [music] no one knows. Let shadows stretch across [music] the floor. >> No need to leave. Not anymore. >> Just breathe me in and disappear. [music] A quiet fall. >> With nothing near. Dance with [music] me before it breaks. No promises. [music] There's no clean escape. The rhythm's slow. The silence nears. Just me here. We burned too [music] bright. Then came the snow. Don't say [music] goodbye. Just hold the space. No turning back. No other face. in fading [singing] light. Forget the name. Forget the night. >> The song slows down. The feeling [music] stays. Let's fall apart in softer [music] ways. We had it all. We'll never know. One more moment. Then you go. I've been searching through the dark. But no one ever touched my heart. I stand with strangers, feel alone. No place like yours feels like home. I make up reasons [music] just to say >> how much I need you every day. >> You're close to me like second skin, a memory that >> pulls me in. Hold me like there's no tomorrow. >> Like [music] we have no time to borrow. Wrap me up and [music] don't let go. We've got nowhere else to go. >> Life will take the best from me. Yeah. >> So, let's not [singing] save what's meant to be. >> You wore a smile [music] [singing] when I was low. >> You stayed with me through every blow. You're the scent [music] I still recall, the photo frame upon my [singing] wall. I saw myself [music and singing] there in your eyes. The only [music] truth [singing] I recognized. >> You're close to me >> like second skin. A memory that [music] pulls me in. like there's no tomorrow. Like we have no time >> Wrap me up and don't let go. We've got nowhere else to [music] go. Life will take the best of me. So, let's not [music] save what's meant to >> With just one word, you calmed [music] the storm. Even when the pain was born. If someone [music] asked [singing] me who you were, I'd say my friend before all else. A curse. >> Hold me like there's no >> tomorrow. >> Like we have no time else to go. If life must take what we've >> been through, then let [music] me leave it all with you. >> My love, I still feel your touch [music] like heat in my veins. Every breath you left still calls [music] out my name. Your warmth is a ghost in the dark of my nights, [singing] but I reach for the light and it slips from my [music] sight. Memories burn, >> [screaming] >> but they never let go. I'm lost in the quiet where your heartbeat [music] would glow. I keep holding on, though it's breaking me down. >> Still in love with your ghost all around. [singing] Goodbye, my love, but you'll never fade. Your name in [music] my veins, where the fire stayed. The night still whispers >> every word you said, and my [music] soul still believes for the life we lived. Goodbye, my love. You're my echo inside. [music] I keep reaching out, but you left my side. Goodbye my >> love, though I know you're gone. >> Goodbye my love, you'll forever [music] live on. >> I still hear your laugh when the night turns cold. Every tear I cry writes the stories we told. Your kiss still lingers, >> [music and singing] >> a phantom on my skin. And the ache [music] in my chest pulls me back again. Memories [music] burn, but they never let go. I'm lost in the quiet [singing] where your heart beat below. though it's breaking me [music] down. Still in love with your ghost all around. >> Goodbye my love, >> Your name >> in my veins where the fire stays. >> The night still whispers every word you said. And my soul still believes love, you're my echo inside. >> I'll keep reaching out. >> But you left my side. Goodbye, my love. >> Though I know you're gone. You'll [music] forever I'll carry your light through the [music] darkest pain. I'll whisper your name like a holy refrain. >> Goodbye, my love. But you'll never fade. Your name in my veins where the fire stayed. You're my [music] echo inside. I'll keep reaching out. But [music] you left my side. Goodbye, my love. Though I know you're gone. Goodbye, my love. You'll forever [singing] >> I've been standing [singing] here too long looking where you once belonged. Every time I try to leave your memory won't [singing] let me breathe. [music] There's a question [singing] I still need to ask. [music] I whisper [music] softly [singing] in the air hoping somehow [music] you're still there. Can you hear my heart beating [music] quiet through the night? Can you hear my [music] voice calling gently [singing] with the light? I've been [music] reaching. I've been waiting just to know that you're >> around. If you show me that you [music] hear me I might never hit the ground. >> All the [singing] words I left unsaid keep on echoing instead. I still trace your face inside in [singing] the silence [music] where I hide. It's your name I can't let go. >> I whisper softly [singing] hoping [music] somehow you're still there. Can you hear [singing] my heart beating quiet through the night? Can you feel [music] my voice calling [music] gently with the light? I've been reaching. I've been [music] waiting. Just to know [singing] that you're that [music] you hear me, I might never hit [music] the ground. I've held my breath for far too long hoping love could find its own. If you feel what's left unseen, [music] you'll know it's you in every [singing] scene. Can you hear my heart beating quiet through [music and singing] the night? Can you feel my voice >> calling gently with the light? I've [music] been reaching. I've been waiting. Just to know [music] that you're I won't never hit the ground.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NenitaLargo-f3n: I missed my one in distant relationship
  2. @sosconecta6214: 20:34 ❤❤❤
  3. @DebraAnnQuintanilla: I love the man who sing the music❤❤
  4. @conceicaomartins5304: Beautiful music ❤😍
  5. @GloriaPage-s4i: WOW WOW THIS IS MY SONG
  6. @TitiesHoediono: This song is not good😂😂😂😂
  7. @harmonijiwa-z6u: Tanpa sengaja  dapet lagu bagus suaranya sungguh bagus trimakasih salam dari bali
  8. @yuriel_r: This song hits different at night…❤❤❤
  9. @samsonbulanandi7948: ❤❤❤I love these songs ❤❤❤
  10. @LSciLingHub: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMQzTAw2Qcs
  11. @Peaceworldtourbusinessmentor: ❤❤❤Beautiful  lyrics beats 💓 and all song.your all team is hired by us to do peace world 🌎 Tour 2026 to 195 countries with us.❤❤❤❤congratulations 🎉🎉🎉🎉biggest tour of centuries and generations 🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤promoting practical peace through global art music 🎶. By Syeda SKG
  12. @Yasminsusiindrian1849: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @IPCLYDE: Goodbye.My Love 😭😭😭
  14. @IPCLYDE: 😭
  15. @RossukonWillcox: I still do it again for you. Can you do it for me?
  16. @RossukonWillcox: 🎉
  17. @VanduWins: ❤❤❤😂
  18. @NinNin-d6y: ခဏခဏနားထောင်ဖြစ်တယ်💜💙🩵
  19. @Lornacoronado-q3c: His voice it  really fantantic .. i feel relaxed to listen this song ..also very emotionaal ..touched my heart ..❤❤❤❤
  20. @MIGHTYRIVERS19: JUST NEED THIS THIS MOMENT , THANK YOU FOR THIS LOVING SONGS

- 🤍Best Spotify Trending 2026 || Positive Pop Music ~ Top Music Travel Spotify 2026 | Slow Acoustic: Kind: captions Language: en I could be the twist, [music] the wants to make you stop, the icing on your cake, the cherry on [singing] the top. It's heaven in my heart. And we could find [music] you some space. I could be the world [singing] to you. the missing piece, [music] that extra sentimental kind of chemistry. Some people make it [singing] hard with me, that isn't the case. [music] Cuz I make it so [singing] easy to fall in [music] love. So come give [singing] me a call and we'll fall into us. [music] I'm the perfect [singing] mix of Saturday night and the rest of [music] your life. Anyone with a heart would it be? It's so easy to fall in love with the way I do my hair, [music and singing] the way I make you laugh, the way we like to share a walk in Central Park. I could [music] be fresh air. Might be the girl of your dreams. [singing] There's no need [music] to hide if you're into me cuz I'm into you. quite into me [music] and maybe one night could turn into three. One down the seas [singing and music] I make it so easy to fall [singing and music] in love. So come give me a call and we'll fall [singing] into us. [music] I'm the perfect mix of Saturday night and the rest of your life. Anyone [music] with a heart would agree. to fall in love with me. [music] It's so easy. It's so [music and singing] easy. Hey, it's [music and singing] so easy to fall in love. So come give me a call [music] and we'll fall into us. I'm the perfect mix of [music] Saturday night and the rest of your life. Anyone with a heart would agree it's so easy I had a bad habit. A missing lover was past. [singing and music] My brother used to call it. Eating out of the [singing] trash is never going to last. I thought my house was haunted. I used to live with [singing] ghosts. And all the perfect couples said, "When you know, you know, and when you don't, [singing and music] you don't." And all of the foes and all of the friends. I've seen it before, you'll see [singing] it again. Life is a song. [music] It ends when it ends. I was wrong. But my mama told me it's [music] all right. You were dancing through the lightning strikes. [music] Sleepless in the next night. But now the sky [music] is open light. Oh. Oh. Oh [music] my lord. Never met no one like you before. Your hands make your own sunshine. But now the sky is open light. Oh oh oh. You couldn't understand it why you felt [music] alone. You were in it for real. [music] She was in a phone and you were just a pose [music and singing] and don't we try to love love. We give it all [singing] we got. We give it all we got. You finally left the table. And what a simple thought. You're starving till you're not. And all of the foes [singing and music] and all of the friends have messed up before mess up again. [music] Life is a song. It [singing] ends when it ends. You move on. [singing] And that's when I told [music] you it's all right. You dancing through the lightning strikes. Sleepless [music and singing] in the morning tonight. But now the sky is open light. [music] Oh my lord. Never [music] met no one like you before. You had [music] to make [singing] your own sunshine. But now the sky is open. Oh, [music] this is just a solic like [music] a drone. This life will beat you up. This is just a temporary [music and singing] speed. A failure brings you free. [music] And I can bring you love. Don't just [singing and music] wait, baby. It's all right. You were dancing through the lightning strike next [singing] night, but now the skes open. Sunshine now the sky is open. [music and singing] >> [music] >> for just a chance to win your heart. You could set the bar [music] beyond the [singing] stars. I'll do anything, anything you ask me [music and singing] to. M say you want the moon. Watch me learn to fly. Ain't no mountain you could point [music] to. I wouldn't climb. It's crazy, [music] but it's true. There's nothing I won't do. I'd risk [music] it all for you to hold your hand [music] and call [singing] you mine. I'm trying to be your man till the [singing] end of time. Oh, I'll do anything. [music] anything you ask me to. [music] I would run [singing] through fire just to be by your side. If your heart's on the [music and singing] line, you could take mine. It's crazy, but it's true. There's nothing [music and singing] I won't do. I'd risk it all [music] for you. I would swim across the sea [singing] just to show [music] you. Sacrifice [singing] my life just to hold you. [music] I could go on and on to prove that you belong here in my arms. Oh, you could point to. I wouldn't climb. It's crazy, but it's true. There's [music] nothing I won't do. I'd [singing] risk it all for you. It's crazy, but it's [music] true. There's nothing I won't do. I'd risk it all >> [singing] [gasps and sighs] >> D. You stepped inside with the vibe I ain't never seen. [music] Yes, you did. So girl, if you talk [music and singing] like you walk, come and talk to me. But look here. It will break my heart. [music] Break my heart. Break my heart. If I find out you can't move, you better show [music] me now. Show me now. Show me now. Cuz when I take you to the floor, ooh, you got to get down. You know what to do. [singing] Hey, Mr. DJ. [music] Oh, play a song for this pretty little lady. Oh, cuz if she dance as good as she look right now. Oh, I just might I just might make her my baby. I just might make her my baby. Hey, I just might [singing] I just But first, may I just say that your face got me so [music] intrigued. I'm so intrigued. But what good is [music] beauty if your booty [singing] can't find a beat? I don't want to know, girl. [music] So, please don't do that to me. Cuz it would break my heart. Break my heart. [music] Break my heart. If I find out you can't move, you better show [singing] me now. Show me [music] now. Show me now. Cuz when I take it to the floor, ooh, you got to get down. [music] You know what to do. Hey, Mr. DJ, play a song for this pretty little [singing] lady. Cuz if she [music] dances good as she look right now, I just might I just might make [music] my baby. I just might make my baby. This [singing] the part where you break it all the way down down. is the part where I turn you all the way around. All the way around. Put some spirit in it. Put your heart into [singing] it. That's all I need. [singing] And if I like what [music] I see, you're coming home with me. Hey, Mr. DJ, play a song for this pretty little lady. [music] She [singing] dance as good as she looks right now. [music] I just want I just want to make my baby. I just might [music] dance as good as you look [singing] right [music] now. I just want I just want to make my baby. I just might make my bed. I just might Touch my body tender cuz the feeling [singing] makes me weak. Kicking off the [singing] covers. I see the ceiling while you're looking down [singing] at me. How [music] can we go back to being friends when we just [music] shared a bed? [singing] How can you look at me and pretend I'm never [singing] met? It was last December. You were [music and singing] laying on my chest. I still [music and singing] remember. I was scared to take a breath. [singing] Didn't want you to move your head. How can we go back to being friends when [music] we just share [singing] a bed? How can [music] you look at me and pretend I'm you've never met? The [music] devil in your eyes won't deny [music and singing] the lies you've sold. holding [music] on to tight while you let [singing] go. This is casual. How can we go back to being [singing and music] friends when we just share a bed? [singing] How can you look at me and pretend I'm you've never [music] met? How can we go back to being friends when we just shared a bed? [singing] [music] How can you live? Me and pretend I'm you've [singing and music] never met. I'm someone you've never met. They say the holy [singing] waters watered [music] down and this town's lost its faith. Our colors will fade eventually. [music and singing] So if our time is running out, day after day, we'll make them one day. Our masterpiece. Oh my, oh my my love. I [singing] take one look at you. You're taking me out [music] of the ordinary. I want you [singing] laying me down till we're dead and buried on the edge of your night. Staying drunk on your vine. The angels up in [music] the clouds are jealous knowing we found so out of the ordinary. You got me kissing the ground of your sanctuary. [music and singing] Sanctuary. Shatter me with your touch. Oh Lord, return me [music and singing] to dust. The angels up in the clouds are jealous. No one we found. Hopeless. >> Halleluah. [singing] On this side [music] of heaven's gate. Oh [singing] my life. How do you breathe and take my breath away at your altar? I will pray. You're the sculptor on the clay. [music and singing] Oh my my. You're taking me out of the ordinary. [music] I want you laying me down to a berry on the edge of [music] your night. Staying drunk on your vine. The angels up in the clouds until the snow we found so [music] the ordinary ordinary. You got me kissing the ground sanctuary. Shadow me with your touch. [music] Oh Lord turn me to dust. The angels up in the clouds until the song we found. Something so heavenly, higher than ecasy. [music] Whenever you're next to me, oh my my world wasn't black and white. Until I saw you lie, I thought you had to die to find [music and singing] something so out of the ordinary. I want you laying me down till we're dead and buried. On the edge of [singing] your night, staying drunk on your vine. The angels up in the clouds. [music] A jealous [singing] knowing we found someone so wild. The ordinary ordinary. You got me kissing the ground [singing] of [music] your sanctuary. Sanctuary. Shatter me with your touch. Oh Lord, return me to dust. [singing] >> got me to stay. [music] Said that you need [singing] me. starve cuz his words [music] don't have a meaning. No, they don't. At least not to me. There'll [music and singing] be a day I'll be more creative, [music] a poetic way to say I'm not leaving to the world, not [music and singing] to your face. I'll take my pride, stand here for you. [crying] No, I'm not blind. Just seeing it through. You take my life just [singing] for the thrill. I'll take tonight and die on this hill. I always will. I know that I [singing] look stubborn [music] and patient, but you wrote the book. I [music and singing] just took a page out to be loved. To be loved and nothing [singing] more. And you [music] kept your word. Do you want to meddle? The way [singing] that someone leaves [music] this world is all just levels [singing] to me now. To me now take my breath. Stand here for you. I'm not blind to see it through. [singing] You [music] take my life just for the [singing] thrill. I'll take tonight and die on this [music] hill. >> I'll be here the whole night. I'll be here cuz I can. You know you don't [music] care. I know nothing could [singing] matter. [music] But I wish something mattered to you. I'll take my pride. No, I'm not blind. Just [music] seeing it through. You take my life just for the thrill. I'll take tonight and die on this hill. I [singing] always I want to be next to you. >> Take no prisoners for me. I'm told you're elevating drinks. [music] Go straight to my knees. [singing] I'm sold. I'm going home clean. [music] I'm going home clean. I've no more tricks [music] up my sleeve. Game called [singing] review the player time [music] codes and Tokyo seems bad boys. It's complicated. >> It's complicated. It's best you know what you don't. Aperture lets the light in. It's best you know [music and singing] what you don't. Aperture lets the light in. We [music] belong together. It finally [singing] appears. It's only [music] love. We belong together. And no [music] good [singing] state to receive. Go forth. Ask questions [music] later. [singing] Tra doors. You're toying with me. [music] Dance halls. Another cadence. Aperture lets the light in. We belong together. It finally appears. [music] It's only love. We belong together. >> [music and singing] >> I won't stray from it. [music and singing] I don't know these spaces. Time will wait on me. I want to know what safe is. I [music] won't stray from it. I don't know these faces. Time won't wait on me. [music] I won't stray from it. I don't know these [singing] faces. Time won't wait on [music] me. I want to know what save me. We belong together. It finally appears. It's [singing] only we all together. Heat. [music] Heat. >> We [music and singing] belong together. >> Good times and bad times. I gave you my everything. I tried and I tried to love you through anything. [music] Swear to each other we'd never be enemies. Why the [music] would you say that to me? Ain't nothing worse than somebody [singing and music] who lies to your face and then swears it's the truth. If you have a heart, rip it [singing] up, let it bleed. Cuz you said you would die for me. Said you would die [music] for me. Said you would die for me. >> Don't leave me now when I [singing] need you the most. [music] Gave you my heart. Don't you dare [singing] let it go. Said you would die for me. [music] Don't leave me now when I need you the [music] most. You said you [singing] would die for me. Said you [music] never never let me go. 2 a.m. [singing] You ain't home. Called your friends, said you're gone. I'm not going [singing] to wait up here. But go ahead and stay out there. Oh, I'll sleep [music] just fine with all you. Yeah. Yeah. who [singing] lies to your face and then [music] swears it's the truth. I love you. I love you. You said it out. Those are [music] the few words you go spitting out. You told me you love me. Where are you now? Say you would die [music] for me. Say you would die for me. Don't [music] leave me now. When I [singing] need you the most. Gave you my heart. Don't you dare [singing] let it go. Say you [music] would die for me. Say you would die for me to leave me out when I leave you alone. Say you would die [music] for me. Said you never never let me go. [music] >> You say you would die for me. Say you would die for me. >> Don't leave me now when I need you the most. [singing] Said you will die for me. Said you never >> Oh, throwing pedals [singing] like, "Do you love me or not? Head is spinning and I don't know when to stop. Cuz you said forever, babe. Did you mean it or not? Hold on. [music and singing] Hold on. You leave me on red, babe. But I still [music] get the message. Instead of a line, it's three dots, but I [music] can connect them. And if it ain't right, babe, you know I respect it. But if you need time, just [music] take your time. Honey, [singing] I get it. I get it. I get it. The way [music] you got me all in my head. Think I'd rather you [singing] in my [music] bed. Whatever it is, you know I can take it. I'm counting the [singing] days, how many days [music] till I can see you again. >> blowing kisses like will you catch or not? I'm Cupid [music] with arrows, babe. I'm just shooting my shot. If I could get in, drop me a pin, hop in the and [music] come over. Don't want to be [singing] friends, just skin a skin. I want to get closer and closer and closer. [music] The way you [singing] got me all in my Think I'd rather you in my bed. Whatever it [music] is, you know [singing] I can take it. I'm counting the days. How many days [music] till I can see you again? You got me all in my feelings. Yeah. And you got me all up and all in my feelings. [music] And you got me all weak in my knees every time. [singing] Cuz you got me all all in my feelings. The way you [music] got me all in my Think I'd rather you in my [music] bed. Whatever it is, [singing] you know I can take it. I'm counting the days. How many days [music] till I can see you again. >> I heard you calling on the [music] megaphone. You want to see me all alone. As legend has it, you're quite the [music] pyro. [singing] You light the match to watch it glow. And if you'd never [singing] come for me, I might [music] have drowned in the melancholy. [singing] I swore my loyalty to me, myself and I. Right before you [music] lit my [singing] sky up. All that time I sat alone [music] in my tower. You were just honing your powers. Now [singing] I can see it all. Later one night you dug me [singing] out of my grave and saved my heart from the fate of Oilia. Keep it [music] 100 [singing] on the land, the sea, the sky. Pledge allegiance to your hands. [music] Your team [singing] me your vibes. Don't care where the hell you've been. Cuz now your mind is about to be the sleepless night you've been dreaming of [singing] the fate of Oilia. [music] The eldest daughter of a [singing] noble man. Oh, feel you lived in fantasy. [music] But love was a cold bed full of scorpions. The venom [music] stole her sanity. And if you never [singing] come for me, I might have lingered in purgatory. [music] You wrap around [singing] me like a chain, a crown, a vine, pulling me into [music] the fire. [singing] All that time I [music] sat alone in my Now I can see [music] it all. [singing] See it all. Late one night you dug [music] me out of my grave and saved my heart from the fate of Ailia. [singing] Keep it 100 on the land, [music] the sea, the sky. Pledge [singing] allegiance to your hands. You team me your vibes. Don't care where the hell you've been. Cuz now your mind is about to be the sleepless night. You've been dreaming of the fate of [singing] our failure. is locked [music] inside my memory [singing] and only you possess the key. No longer drowning and deceived. All because you came for me. Locked inside my [singing] memory and only you possess [music] the key. No longer drowning and deceived. All because you came for me. All that time I sat alone in my [music] I [singing] can see it all. Late one night you dug me out of my grave and saved my heart [music] from the fate of feel. Do 100 [singing] on the land, the sea, the sky. Pledge allegiance to your hands. You team [singing] your vibes. Don't care where the hell you've been. Cuz now [music] your mind is about to be the [singing] sleepless night you've been dreaming of. The fate [singing] of all [music] fear. >> taken by what's holding me back. [music] And I feel kind of bad about that. But I don't want to be alone. No, I don't want to be alone. I'm [music] slipping into habits so bad. And if you take a look at my [singing] past, I don't know how to be alone. I don't know how to be alone. I know [music] that it seems [singing] easy that I like that he needs me. My friends all say my standards are too low. But it's not bad enough to let my baby go, go. It's not bad [music] enough to let my baby go, go, [singing] It's not bad enough to let him go. I know [music] that I talk a big [singing] game, but nothing ever changes its way these [music] days. These [singing] days, he says that I seem [music] so sad. And what am I supposed to say to [singing] that when I don't want it to lie? No, I don't want to tell [singing and music] him why. He's not making it easy. I know he'll never [singing] leave me. My friends say things I already know. [music] go. [music] Go. >> Go, It's not bad enough to let my baby go, It's not bad enough to let go. [music] I wish I didn't complicate. I wish [music] I didn't have to say it. I wish I didn't have to hate him. I'd walk away and now we'd be okay. [music and singing] Yeah. I'm sorry that I let you kiss me. I'm sorry [music] that I dragged you down with me. And now we're at the bottom. And we both know that I don't want to let my baby >> It's not bad enough [music] [singing] to let my baby go. [screaming] It's not bad enough to let go. >> Watch the sun rise along the coast as we both getting old. I can't describe what I'm feeling. And all I know [music] is we're going [singing] home. So please don't let me go. Don't [music] let me go. >> And if it's right, [music] I don't care how [singing] long [music] it takes. As long as I'm with you, I've got a smile on my face. Save your [music] tears. It'll be [singing] okay. All I know is you're [music] here [singing] with me. >> Watch the sun rise [music and singing] as we get in. [singing and music] I can't describe. No. [music] I wish I could [singing] live through every memory all again. [music] Just one more time before we float [singing] off in the wind. >> And all the time we spend waiting for the light to take us in have been [music] the [singing] greatest moments of my life. life. [music] I don't [singing] care how long it takes. [music] As long as I'm with [singing] you, I've got a [music] smile on my face. Save your tears. [singing] It'll be [music] okay. is you're [singing] here with me. [music] Where I go, 5th of November when I walked you home. That's when I [singing] nearly said it, but then said forget it and froze. Do you remember? You probably don't. Cuz the sparks in the sky [singing] took a hold of your eyes while we spoke yesterday. [singing] Drank way too [music] much and stayed up too late. Started [singing] to write what I want to say. Deleted the message, but I still remember it. [singing] Said, "I wish I was who you dropped texted at midnight. Wish I was the reason you stay up till 3 and you can't fall asleep waiting for me [music] to reply. I wish I was more than just someone you [music] walk by. Wish I wasn't scared to be [singing] honest and open instead of just holding. What are you feeling inside? April the 7th and nothing has changed. [music] It's hard to [singing] get by when you're still on my mind every day. And sometimes [music] I [singing] question if you feel the same. And do we make stupid jokes trying to [singing] hide that we're both [music] too afraid to say I wish [music] I was who you drunk texted at midnight. Wish I was the [singing] reason you stay up till 3 and you can't fall asleep [music] waiting for me to reply. I wish I [music] was more than just someone [singing] you walk by. Wish I wasn't scared to be honest and open instead of just holding. What are you [singing] feeling inside? Here we go again. destroying myself to keep a friend hiding [music] away cuz I was afraid [singing] to say it all. I wonder if I cross your [singing] mind half as much as you don't mind if I tell you the truth. What will I lose? I don't know. I [music] wish I sent you that drunk text at midnight. I was just scared it would ruin our friendship, but I really meant it. I wonder how you would reply. to take my love away. When I come back around, will I know what you say? Said you won't forget my name. Not today, not tomorrow. Kind of strange. [music] Feeling sorrow. I got change. [music] You could borrow. what you say? [music] Not today. Maybe [singing] tomorrow. [music] Open up the door. Can you open up the door? I'm more you said before, [singing] you can't cope with anymore. You told me [music] it was war. Said you shown me what's in store. I hope it's not for sure. Can you open up the door? Did you take my love from me? >> Saw your seat in the corner [music] when I [singing] looked away. Saw you turn around, but it wasn't your face. Said I [music] need [singing] to be alone now. I'm taking a break. How can I now [music] return to what's gone away? I don't I [music] don't know why I call. [music] I don't know you at all. I don't [music] know Not at all. I don't know what I could. I don't know you at [music] all. I don't know you. You my from me. [music] >> In this way, I was waiting [music] in the garden, contemplating, beg your [singing] pardon. [music] But there's a part of me that recognizes you. Do you feel [music] it too when you told me was [singing] serious? Were you serious? They told me they were only curious. Now it's serious. Open up the door. Can you open up the door? I've always [music] said before, you can't cope with anymore. You told me was said [singing] to show [music] me what's in store. I hope this night. Can [singing] you open up the door? My hands in my heart. [music] You tell me it's over a check and you [music] don't know if you'll make it back. I say [music] no. Don't [singing] say that. [music] >> I live my day as if it was the last. Live my day as if there was no [music] past. Doing it all night, all summer. Doing it the way I want to. Yeah, I'mma dance my [music] heart out till the dawn. But I won't be done till morning comes. Doing it all night, [singing] all summer. Going to spend it like no [music] other. It was a crush, but I couldn't [singing and music] couldn't get enough. It was a rush, but I gave it up. It was a crush. [music] Now I might have [singing] went and said too much, but that's all it was. So I [music] gave it up. I live my day as if [singing] it was the last. Live my day as if there was no [music] past. Doing it all night, all summer. Doing it the [singing] way I want to. I'mma dance my heart out till the dawn, [music] but I won't be done till morning comes. Doing it all night, all [music] summer. Going to spend it [singing] like no other. It was a crush. I kept [music] saying I'm stay in touch, but that thing went bust, so I gave it up. No tricks, [music] no bluff. I'm just better off [singing] without them cuffs. Yeah. The sun won't set on us. Yeah. When low and high, still waters [singing] run dry. Got to [music] get back in the groove. I ain't never worried. When low [singing] and high, what matters is now. Get it [music] right back in the mood. I live my day as if [singing] it was the last. Live my day as if there was no past. Doing it all [singing] night, all [music] summer. Doing it the way I want to. I'mma dance my heart out till the dawn. But I won't be done till morning comes. Doing it all night, all summer. Going to spend it like Now I found another crush. The lush life's giving me a rush. Had one chance to make [music] me blush. Second time's one too late. [singing] life's [music] giving me a rush. Have one chance to make me blush. Second time's one [music] too late. Heat. Heat. Heat. >> It's so silly of [singing] me to act like I don't need you bad when all [singing] all I can think about is us. Since I [music] seen you last, I know I didn't have to walk away. All I had to do was [singing] ask for a space. [music] I'm telling you, be on your way. When I [singing and music] told you to fall back, so can you come pick up your clothes? I have them [music and singing] folded. Meet me at the door while [singing] it's still open. I know it's [singing] getting [music] cold out, but it's not frozen. So come pick up your clothes. I have them [music and singing] folded. I'll let your body decide [music] if this is good [singing] enough for you. Already folding [music] it [singing] for you. Already folding up I'll let your body decide [music and singing] if this is good enough for you. Already [singing] folding it for [music] you. for [music] you. No matter what [singing] you do to switch the story up, I [music] know I made my mark and I would still choose you through it all. That's the crazy [music] part. Crazy [singing] part. I don't need no more empty promises. [music] Promise me that you got it. [singing] I don't need roses. Just need [music] some flowers from my garden. Can't you go back [singing] to how you loved on me when you [music] started? I'll be here begging for you. You should be giving [singing] me love all day damn day till the day [music] is done. So if you [singing] want to go that way, I'll be waiting up for you to come pick up your clothes. I have them folded. Leave me at the door [singing] while it's still open. I know it's getting cold out, but it's [music] not frozen, so come pick [singing] [singing] So, come pick up your [music] clothes. I have them folded [singing] me at my [music] door. It's still [singing] open. I know it's getting cold out and tell [music] me that it's not frozen. [singing] So come pick up your clothes. [music] I have them folded. [music and singing] I'll let your body decide if this is good enough for you. Already folding it for you. I'll let [music] your body decide if this is good enough for [singing] you. Already folding [music] up for you. Let your body decide if this is good enough for you. Already I'll let [music and singing] your body decide if this is good enough I'll [music] let you decide this is good Already folded in for you. [music] Let [singing] for you. Already folding up [music] for >> When we're out in a [singing] crowd logging loud and nobody knows why when we're lost [music] at a Love, getting drunk, and you give me that smile. Going [singing] home in the back of a car and your hand touches [music] mine. When we're done making love [singing] and you look [music] up and give me those eyes [singing] cuz all of the small things that you do are what remind [singing] me why I felt When we're aart and I'm [music and singing] missing you, I'll close my eyes and all I see is [singing] you and the small things you When you call me [music] at night while you're out getting [singing] high with your friends. [music] [music] Every [singing] high, every bye, every I love you you've ever [music] said, you've [singing] ever said. Cuz all of [music] the small are what [singing] remind me what I felt for you. [music] And when we're aart and I'm missing you, I'll close my eyes and all I see is you and the [music] small things you do. Oh, there's nothing to do. When [music] we're done [singing] making love and you look up and give me those eyes are what remind me why I felt for you. and I'm [singing] missing you, I close my eyes and all I see is you and the small [music] things you do. All the small things you do. Young blood thinks [music] there's always tomorrow. I miss your touch on nights when I'm hollow. [music] I know you crossed a bridge that I can't follow. Since the love [singing] that you left is all that I get. I want you to know [singing] that if I [music] can't be close to you, I'll settle for the ghost to you. I miss you more [singing] than life. And if you can't be next [singing] to me, your [music] memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than life. I miss you more than life. Young blood thinks there's always tomorrow. [music] I need more time, but time can't be borrowed. I leave it all behind. if I could follow. [music] Since the love that you [singing] left is all that I get, I want you to know that if I can't [music] be close to you, I'll settle for the ghost to you. more. And if you can't be next [singing] to me, your [music] memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than life. I [music] miss you more than life. So if [music] I can't get close to you, I'll settle for the ghost [music] of you. But I miss you more than life. And if you can't be next to me, your [music] memory is ecstasy. I miss you more than [singing] life. [music] I miss you more than life. >> to be young and in love in New York City to not know who I am but [singing] still know that I'm good long as you're here with me to be drunk [music] and in love in New York City midnight into morning coffee running through the hours talking I like me [music] better when [singing] I'm with you. I like [music] me better when I'm with I knew [music] from the first time I'd stay for [singing] a long time. Cuz I like me better when I like me [music] better [singing] when I'm with you. I like me better when [singing] I'm with I don't know what it is, but I got that feeling. Waking up [music] in this bed next to you. Swear the room. Yeah, it got no ceiling. If we lay, let the day just [music] pass us by. I might get to too much talking. I might have to tell you [music and singing] something. Yeah. I like me better when I like me better when [music and singing] I'm with you. I knew from the first time I stay for [singing] a long time. Cuz I like me better [music] when I like me better [singing] when I'm with you. [music] I like me [music] better when I'm with Stay a while. Stay a while. Stay here with me. Stay a while. Stay a while. with me. Lay here with me. Me. Me. I like me better when I'm with you. >> Yes, I do. Yes, I do. Baby, Oh, [music] I knew from [singing] the first time I'd stay for a long time. Cuz I like me better when I like [music] me better when I'm with you. I like me [music] better. Better. [singing and music] I'm with you better. I like me better when I like me better when I'm with you. Well, you only need the light when it's burning low. Only miss the sun when it [music and singing] starts to snow. Only know you love her when you let it go. Only know you've been [music] high when you're feeling low. Only hate the road when you're missing home. Only know you love her when [music] you let her go. And you let her [music] go. [music] Staring at the bottom of your glass. Hoping one [singing] day you'll make a [music] dream last. But dreams come slow and they go so fast. You see her [music] when you close your eyes. Maybe one day you'll understand why. Everything you [music] touch surely [singing] dies. But you only miss the light when [music] it's burning [singing] low. Only miss the sun when it starts to snow. Only know you love her when you let her go. Only know you've been high when you're feeling low. Only hate the [music] road when you're missing home. Only know [singing] you love her when you let her Staring at the ceiling in the dark. Same old empty feeling in [music and singing] your heart. Cuz love comes slow and it goes so fast. Well, you [music] see when you fall asleep, but never [singing] to touch and never to keep. Cuz [music] you loved her too much and you dive too deep. Well, you only need the light [music] when it's burning low. Only miss the sun when it starts to snow. Only [music] Only [music] know you've been high when you feeling low. Only hate the road when you're missing home. Only know you love her when you let her go. [music] And you [music] let her go. And you let her go. >> Yeah. Cuz [music] you only need the light when it's burning low. Only miss the [singing] sun when it starts [music] to snow. Only know you love her when you let her go. feeling low. Only hate the road when you're [music] missing home. Only know you love when you let it go. Cuz you only need the light when it's burning low. Only miss [music and singing] the sun when it starts to slow. Only know you love her when you let her [music] go. Only know [music] you've been high when when you're missing [music] home. Only I still [singing] remember the 3rd of [music] December, me in your sweater. You said it looked better on me than it did you. Only if you knew [music] how much I [singing] liked you. But I watch your eyes as she walks [music] by. What a sight for [singing] sore eyes. Brighter than the blue sky. She's got you mesmerized while I [singing] die. Why would you [music] ever kiss me? I'm not [singing] even half as [music] pretty. You gave her your sweater. It's just polyester, but you like [singing and music] her better. Wish I were Heather. >> Watch as she stands with [singing] her hold in your hand. Put your arm around her [music] shoulder. Now I'm getting colder. But how could I hate her? She's [music] such an angel. But [singing] then again, kind of wish she were dead as she [music] walks by. What a sight [singing] for [music] sore eyes. Brighter than [singing] a blue sky. She's got you me [singing] eyes while I die. Why would [music and singing] you ever kiss me? I'm not even half as [music] pretty. You gave her your [singing] sweater. It's just polyester. But you like her better. I wish I were. I wish I >> I wish I were Heather. Why would you ever [music] kiss me? I'm not even half as pretty. You gave her your [singing and music] sweater. It's just polyester, but you [singing] like her better. I wish [music] I were. >> M Can I call you [singing] baby? [music] Can you be my friend? Can you be my lover [singing] up until the very end? Let me show you love. Oh, I [music] don't pretend. Stay by my side. Even when the world is [singing] giving in. Oh, don't don't you worry. [singing] I'll be there [music] whenever you want me. I need somebody who can love me at my [singing and music] worst. No, I'm not perfect, but I hope you see my worst. Cuz it's only you. Nobody [music] knew I'd put you first. And for you, [singing] girl, I swear [music] I'd do the worst. M [music] if you stay forever, let me hold your hand. [music] I can fill those places [singing] in your heart nose can. Oh no pretend. I'll be right here, baby. You know it's [music] sink or swim. Don't. Don't you wor. [singing] I'll be there whenever you want [singing] me. I need [music] somebody who can love me at my worst. Though I'm not [music] perfect, but I hope you see my worst. Cuz there's only you. Nobody [music] knew I put you first. You first. And for you, [singing] girl, I swear I do the worst. >> I need [music and singing] somebody who can love me at my worst. [music] knew I put you first. [singing] And for you, girl, I [music] swear I do the worst. >> There ain't no gold in [music] this river that I've been washing my hands in [singing] forever. I know there is hope [singing and music] in these waters, but I can't bring [music and singing] myself to swim when I am drowning in this silence. Baby, let me go [singing] easy [music] on me, baby. I was still a [music and singing] child. didn't get the chance to feel [singing] the world around me. I had no time to choose what I chose to do. So go [singing] easy on me. >> There ain't no room for [music] things to change when we are both so deeply stuck in our ways. You [music] [singing] can't deny how hard I tried. I changed [music] who I was to put you [singing] both first. But now I give up. [music] Go easy on me. Baby, [singing] I was [music] still a child. Didn't get the chance to [music] the world around [singing and music] me. I had no time to choose So go easy on me, [music] baby. good intentions and the highest hopes. But I know it now. It probably doesn't even show. Go easy on [music and singing] me, baby. I was still a child. [music] feel the world around me. I had no [music] time to choose [music] So go easy on me. [music] [music] me. We started as [music and singing] friends, but it got kind of complicated. [music] You knew that you didn't want more, but you never said out loud. Maybe I didn't read [music and singing] through all of your lines. [music] We started as friends, but we're just strangers tonight. And when I [music] think about you, it still [singing] hurts. My [music] heart still has scars I need [singing] to learn. [music] It was only temporary. But I guess our feelings were good for a while. Now you're just a memory, a story that I never tell. Cuz our [music] world just didn't collide. [singing] You [music] had yours and I had mine. Got lost in a different direction. But being with you was my favorite [singing] lesson. Used to dream about growing the future, but we grew apart. I lied to myself cuz [music] the truth hurts. [singing] I know where you are right now. And when [music] I think about you, it still hurts. [music] My heart still has [singing] scars I need to learn. while. Now you're just a memory. story that I never tell cuz our world just [music] didn't [singing] collide. You had yours and I had mine. Got lost in a different direction, but being [music] with you was my favorite lesson. >> We started [music] as [singing] friends, but it got kind of complicated. But being [music] with you [singing] was my favorite lesson. >> Maybe it's [singing] the way you say my name. Maybe it's [music and singing] the way you play your game. But it's so good. [music] I've never known anybody like you. But it's so [music] good. I've never dreamed of anybody like you. And I've heard of a love that comes once in a lifetime. [music] And I'm pretty sure that you are that love of mine. In a [music] field of dyes, wishing on everyone [singing] that you would be mine. I see forever in your eyes. [music] I feel okay when I see you smile, [music] smile. Wishing you all the time. Praying to God that one day you'll [music and singing] be mine. Wishing on daily life all of the time. All of the [singing] time. I think that you are [music] the one for Cuz it [music and singing] gets so hard to breathe when you're looking at me. I've never [music] felt so alive [singing] and free. When you're looking at me, I've never felt so happy. And I've heard of a love that comes once in a [singing] lifetime. And I'm pretty [music] sure that you are that love [singing] of mine. Cuz I'm in a [music] field of candy lies, wishing on everyone that you would be mine. [singing] in your eyes. I feel when I see you smile [singing] all of the time, praying to God, one day you'll [singing] be mine. We send amulines [music] all of the time. all of the time. Dandelions, [music] do [singing] they know when you call? Won't you let my darling know? Dandelions, do they know when you call? [singing] Won't you let my darling [music] know? I'm in a field of dandines, wishing on [singing] everyone that you would be mine. I see forever in your eyes. I feel okay [singing and music] when I see you smile. Smile in your all the time. Praying to God be mine. All of the time. All of the time. I'm in a field [singing] of dandelions, wishing on everyone that you've been >> I could say I never dare to think about [singing] you in that way, but I would be lying [music] and I pretend I'm happy for you when you find some dude to take home. But I won't deny that. In the midst of the crowds, in [music] the shapes, in the clouds, I don't see nobody but you. [singing] In my [music] rose tinted dreams, wrinkled silk on my sheets. I [singing] don't see nobody [music] but you. Boy, you got me hooked on something. Who could say that they saw us coming? [music and singing] Tell me, do you feel the love? Spend a summer, a lifetime with me. [singing] Let me take you to the place of your [music] dreams. Tell me, do you feel the love? >> And I could say I never [singing] unzipped those belie. But that's far from the truth. Don't know what's come over [music and singing] me. It seems like yesterday when I said we'll be friends forever. [music] Constellations [singing] of stars, murals on city walls. I don't see nobody but you. You're my vice. You're my [music] view. You're a 19th floor view. [singing] I don't see nobody but you. [music] Boy, you got me hooked on to something. Who could say that they saw us [music and singing] coming? Tell me, do you feel the love? Spend some [music] lifetime with me. Let me take you to the place of your dreams. Tell me, do you [music] feel the love? Boy, you got me hooked on to something. Who could say that they saw us? Come and tell me, do you [singing] feel the love? Spend a summer, a lifetime with [music] me. Let me take you to a place of your dreams. Tell me, do you feel the love? >> loving and fighting, accusing, denying. I can't imagine a world with you gone. Joy in the chaos [singing] the tears were made of. I'd be so lost if you left me alone. You locked yourself in the bathroom. Lying on the floor when [singing] I broke through. I pulled you in to feel your heartbeat. [music] Can you hear me screaming? Please don't leave me. Hold on. I still want you. >> Come back. [singing] I still need you. Let me take your hand. I'll make you right. I swear to love you. [music] Hold on. I still need [singing] you. Long endless highway. You're silent beside me. Driving a [singing] nightmare I can't escape from. Helplessly praying. The light isn't fading. Hiding [singing] the shock and the chill in my bones. They took you away on a table. I pace [music] back and forth as you lay [singing] still. I pulled you in. I feel your heartbeat. >> Can you hear me screaming? Please don't Hold [music and singing] on. I still want you. Come back. I still need you. Let me [music] take your hand. I'll make you right. I swear I love you all my Oh, I still need you. I don't want [music] to let go. I know I'm not that strong. I just [music] want to hear you say, "Baby, let's go. [music] Let's go." Yeah, [music] I just want to take you >> I might lose my mind. Waking when the sun's down. Riding all these highs, waiting for [music and singing] the come down. Walk these streets with me. I'm doing decently. [music] Just glad that I can breathe. Yeah, I'm trying to realize [singing] it's all right to not be fine on your [music] own. Now I'm shaking, [music] drinking all this coffee. These last few [music] weeks have been exhausting. I'm [singing] lost in my imagination. And there's one [singing] thing that I need from you. Can you come through? [music] Ain't got much to do. Too old for [music] my hometown. Went to bed at noon. Couldn't put my phone down. [music] Scrolling patiently. It's all the same to me. Just faces on the screen. Yeah. [music] I'm trying to realize on your own. >> Now I'm shaking, drinking all this coffee. These last few weeks have been exhausted. [music] I'm lost in my imagination. And there's one thing that I need from Can you [music] come [singing] through? Ooh. Ooh. Oo. there's one thing that I need from you. Can you come through?

  Top Comments:
  1. @unraveledultimatefate [3 likes]: I got captured by Billie Eilish's Chihiro
  2. @samuelcamba520 [2 likes]: I'm happy that I found original songs and not the AI-generated songs that are non-sense here in Youtube.
  3. @RachelAbucay-e4m [2 likes]: Mãi mới thấy một video review có tâm như thế này, cảm ơn bạn.
  4. @RayhanAhmed-h2k [1 likes]: NICE
  5. @SunshineLopez-l3m [1 likes]: Opalite😮
  6. @HealthyHabitswithStella [1 likes]: love this songs
  7. @hamithadilshan7312 [1 likes]: ❤ 0:29
  8. @freshhwave: The chorus hits so hard that I feel it in my chest every single time, and the bridge gives such an emotional lift, it’s a masterpiece! 💖🔥
  9. @ClarenzAndRhye: do you have spotify playlist?
  10. @RachelAbucay-e4m: Sản phẩm này nhìn mê quá, phải gom lúa xúc một em thôi.
  11. @sirirak1994: 🫨🫨🫨
  12. @mdmkmuzik: Uplifting House & Dance: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLawhX1ewoG_IFmNE07rAUUdyCF2fpXIH4
  13. @leshani.deeshana: Hmmbm

- ChatGPT Caricature Trend Prompt | ChatGPT Viral Caricature Trend | UX Mate: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, what's up, guys? 2026 is here with its very&nbsp; first AI trend, which is going viral everywhere.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can say it is going insane, and everyone is&nbsp; creating these awesome caricatures using ChatGPT.&nbsp;&nbsp; This trend is with ChatGPT. So we are going to do&nbsp; this very quickly, and I'm going to also show you&nbsp;&nbsp; how to do it in Gemini as well. So we will be&nbsp; comparing the ChatGPT and Gemini results, and&nbsp;&nbsp; if you wan,t I'll give more insights about how to&nbsp; make a vectorization of this image generated using&nbsp;&nbsp; ChatGPT or Gemini so that you can print it with&nbsp; a very high quality. So, without any further ado,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's jump into ChatGPT and to create this&nbsp; image, the prompt is very, very simple. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; go to chjpd.com. Here I am in Chrome. You can use&nbsp; any your favorite browser. Just open chartjptt.com&nbsp;&nbsp; or you can do it in your mobile app as well as&nbsp; uh in the desktop app of chart jp. So just open&nbsp;&nbsp; chartjper.com and click on create image. And now&nbsp; you can see this car keyer trend is already here&nbsp;&nbsp; under create images. But I'm going to just add&nbsp; this prompt here. The prompt is very simple. So&nbsp;&nbsp; if you look at this prompt, create a caricature of&nbsp; me with everything you know about me and my work.&nbsp;&nbsp; And guys, I'm going to give you all the different&nbsp; variations of this prompt in this video. So stay&nbsp;&nbsp; tuned and I'm going to quickly attach an image of&nbsp; me so that you know it knows who I am and what it&nbsp;&nbsp; has to refer to create the caricature. So I have&nbsp; attached my image and I have given this simple&nbsp;&nbsp; prompt to ChatGPT. We are going to test this with&nbsp; Gemini as well. So just let me send it to Charge&nbsp;&nbsp; JP, and while it creates the caric feature, make&nbsp; sure you already subscribed to the channel. If&nbsp;&nbsp; not, then you know you are going to miss a lot&nbsp; of notifications and all these awesome trends&nbsp;&nbsp; that would be you know in the future. And&nbsp; guys, if you don't know, ChatGPT has, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; launched its new update where, you know, we can&nbsp; ask ChatGPT to make multiple images at a time,&nbsp;&nbsp; earlier, we needed to, you know, wait until&nbsp; it creates one image. But now it is faster,&nbsp;&nbsp; better, and you know, you can see a digital&nbsp; tractor in vibrating settings [music] And it is just creating an image of&nbsp; me. Let's see how it creates. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; while it creates Okay, no worries. It's already&nbsp; there. Let's see what it has done for us. Oh, now you can see as I'm a YouTuber and keep&nbsp; creating content, it has, you know, took all that&nbsp;&nbsp; data from my chat history. And guys to make this&nbsp; you know very uh accurate what you have to do is&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to make sure that you are using Jad JPT's&nbsp; account where you all your history of your work or&nbsp;&nbsp; your personal life if you want to make this you&nbsp; know uh more appealing and relatable to your work&nbsp;&nbsp; so that chat jib knows what exactly you do in your&nbsp; day-to-day work. So let's head towards Germany and&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try the same prompt here as well. Let's&nbsp; click on create image. Make sure you are uh you&nbsp;&nbsp; know selecting create image so that Germany knows&nbsp; it has to use nano banana. I'm using pro version&nbsp;&nbsp; of Germany but you can use the normal version as&nbsp; well. And I'm going to attach the same reference&nbsp;&nbsp; image here as well. And let's see how much&nbsp; Germany knows me. And let's just create an image. And guys, this trend is going literally&nbsp; insane. So, just create your image,&nbsp;&nbsp; post on your socials, and don't forget to tag&nbsp; us. So, you can just tag us on Instagram and&nbsp;&nbsp; uh I'll be putting my Instagram&nbsp; handle in the description below. Also&nbsp;&nbsp; uh to get this prompt as well as all the different&nbsp; variations of this prompt, I have added the link&nbsp;&nbsp; of my website in the description below so that&nbsp; you can you know quickly go there and okay now&nbsp;&nbsp; this particular profile which I use on Gemini&nbsp; is more on the digital marketing, SEO and all&nbsp;&nbsp; those stuff. So it has created the school you&nbsp; know caricature with all these uh different work areas of mine and based on that it has&nbsp; created this nice cool caricature. Yeah what I&nbsp;&nbsp; was seeing like uh if you want to you know get&nbsp; all the different variations of this prompt I&nbsp;&nbsp; have added the link of this page on my website&nbsp; in the description below. So you can just go&nbsp;&nbsp; there and copy all these prompts. Also guys&nbsp; uh we have recently launched UXMate on all&nbsp;&nbsp; communities. So you can join us on Telegram&nbsp; as well as WhatsApp community and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; uh follow us on Instagram and Reddit as well. So&nbsp; just you know go ahead and join our community.&nbsp;&nbsp; So yes that's it till the next video. Keep&nbsp; watching, keep learning, keep designing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @4x6Production [6 likes]: Prompt? 2:10
  2. @PaulineWheeler-e8t [2 likes]: Makean image of me
  3. @chetan.gondaliya [1 likes]: Arey bhai there's no prompt link in your description
  4. @Wolves_Hero: ChatGPT are suck can't create superman character they keep say violates our content policies. AI are wrong information. I have Pixverse app work fine can create a Caricature Trend make superman character 🤷
  5. @meriembonoise2075: خويا معليش تشرح لنا بالعربية

- How TikTok Food Critic Keith Lee Resuscitated a Struggling Restaurant: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of the best wings I've ever had the 10. Keith Lee a Las Vegas food critic proved just how powerful his influence was when his review dramatically turned things around for a struggling family-owned restaurant I got an email from an employee of a family-owned restaurant here in Vegas I got it let's try it I called my order Frank was the owner and he was so nice on the phone like he was so patient he was kind uh I was ordering and he literally take your time I was looking at the menu the whole time I was ordering he was like just take your time like relax you okay and I personally love customer service I've worked in customer service for like my most of my adult life so I really value customer service and I went and I picked up my food and he had no idea who I was he posted a rave review on Tick Tock them some huge pepperonis boy I swear this is why I started making videos like this because places like this that don't nobody know of this a 9.8 out of 10. Frank from me to you this is my opinion there is no way you should be behind a ring or struggling to pay rent it is marketing that's 100 what I feel like that food is delicious the service is amazing that video changed everything in just 24 hours yeah yesterday I did a review today chaos for starters when I discovered they ticked out it was at 2 000 followers now seventy thousand in less than 24 hours 10 a.m to 5 p.m lying out the door obviously I knew he was gonna have some business but I never thought it was going to be to that magnitude it got like 10 million views in the first like three hours four hours uh it it blew up like crazy I tried to call the same day to like just say thank you because the food was that good and I couldn't get it I couldn't get in touch with him because the phones were off the hook um I went the next day and it was insane I went the next day and it was out the door he literally went from he was telling me he went from making like four orders a day to make it 400 in less than 12 hours he was a static he was hugging me he was jumping up and down since then the restaurant has been slammed the attention has been overwhelming for both Frank and King it was cooking from 9am to 5 p.m no lunch breaks no breaks at all no stopping Frank was like I gotta shut down for a second we need to breathe and eat what did you do and I was at like 30 million views and uh the news reached out the news did a piece and he was on the news he was extremely emotional he was extremely grateful my mom came and woke me up like the morning that it was on the news she was screaming at the edge of my bed my wife was screaming at the edge of my bed my dad was there and uh they were like you on the news you want to lose you on the news our phone never stopped ringing I sold more lemon pepper wings in the last two days that I have in the last four months it's just been overwhelming it's been a blessing this restaurant has been a dream of mine for 30 years for 30 years it sounds like they're working 16 hour shifts they haven't been able to stop uh they haven't been able to relax even two seconds I've helped restaurants in Vegas before but I feel like this one was was probably like the craziest part as far as like the response somebody saw this man on tick tock Keith's been a food reviewer for years and he hopes to make this into a full-time career a career out of being me and literally just doing that just being myself is definitely something that I want to do for the rest of my life and be able to get paid from it and be able to take care of my kids and their kids kids um yeah I'm gonna just keep working hard on being authentic I appreciate y'all God bless you guys y'all are amazing we doing it Mama we made it we're inside edition digital I'm Andrea Swindoll [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NomadicCrierhttps [1 likes]: THIS is what America is all about!!  Praise Yeshua!!
  2. @absentstars474 [1 likes]: Closed in 2024. Rip.
  3. @charlita25: So nice 👍🏾
  4. @KeithHartman-qq7rq: WOW!!
  5. @onlyhispresenceohp2607: Kudos for Frank!
  6. @danielamercol9884: I want to hug Frank
  7. @maryoguns6612: I’m glad!! God used you to elevate human being like you, you will be great in life and more blessings 💪🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️😇
  8. @debbierichardson9575: Gotta be a downer  here. I wish they hadn't shown Frank working without gloves on AND a sore on his finger. That scab can come off in the dough.....
  9. @CathermalCorvus: LOVE THIS!!!!
  10. @lungiledlamini4447: Wow. That line outside is CRAZY 😂😂😂
  11. @priscilladawson5313: I love this for everyone involved! This is what America really represents❤❤❤
  12. @bradleybunt6556: That young man and his video forever changed the lives of that man, his family, his employees, and the community!  Young men like that dude who did the review did more with one single video than our entire Congress will do in an entire year.  That is incredibly powerful beyond measure from that young man and it is beyond pathetic for every last member of Congress.  World needs more good men like Keith Lee.
  13. @jonjonsarms: The law slumbers but never die. You deserved your success, sir.
  14. @Taurus_Moon_Rising: I wonder who the employee was
  15. @GlovesOff3456: I followed Keith just because of his positive impact.  This is what the world needs right now.
  16. @ricardoespinoza3132: What a great story. It's awesome that you helped a small business. Awesome!
  17. @g.m.prince7052: AWESOME
  18. @BrandonReyes-qh8st: 4 to 400 😂 ❤
  19. @MFobe: Yess frank 🍕 🍔 🐔 x & thank you kieith. 

From 🇬🇧 😎
  20. @CJ-iz4rz: HELLZ YEAH 👍💯❤❤❤❤

- Try Not to Cringe (I Failed): Kind: captions Language: en Today on Louis A. I cringe. Oh god. No. I get angry that I cringed. Why can't I do that? And I marry Tyler Vatelli. Me and Tyler getting married. Hey guys. Is he going to be okay? Oh dear. That was not a good start. My name's Louis A. Although I feel like I just knocked two wise off with that fall. Actually, no. Never mind. That spells Louisa. How's your life going? Hopefully you're having a good one. It's about to get a whole lot better cuz today we're doing a try not to cringe challenge. And I failed. Okay. Okay. The cringe is out the way. I'm not going to cringe again. Hope you don't mind. >> Oh, goodness me. >> But could you tell me >> what you're doing? Tell me what you're doing. What's going on? Why are there two of him? >> WHERE THE HELL IS THE B? >> I don't know whether to be more disturbed by the Hello Kitty trousers or dancers or the wolf hands. Why are you staring at me? >> You smile, you lose. >> That is not the right video. We're not doing that. We're doing If you cringe, you lose. You don't decide the rules. Why would this make me smile? Okay, I don't like this. >> Have I created enough? I've I've definitely failed. >> This is giving me shivers. >> Where's the report button? Oh, what is this? Somehow the videos are actually getting weirder. I don't know how. Please don't tell me the whole video is just this. Oh, he's turned around. I'm going to have to skip. >> I just want to say >> Oh god, no. Please, can I just skip? >> Ain't no girl can handle this. Wild stallion. >> This isn't going very well, is it? >> Okay, that's enough internet for today. How do you know I'm still here? Oh, as if we needed more. Please go away. Oh, thank you. >> And that, my friends, is why you need to believe in yourself. >> Oh, no. The school ones are always extremely cringe. >> GUYS, OUR TEACHER'S RIGHT. >> OH GOD, don't say it. >> I think if WE ALL BELIEVE IN OURSELVES, ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE. >> UM, ALEX, YOU GET THE DOOR. >> OH, ALEX, go on, Alex. All right. Jesus Christ. Alex, what are YOU DOING? >> UM, CHRIS, YOU GET THE SNASK. >> CHRIS, please just be normal. >> Chocolate? >> Sure, chocolate works. >> Did you say chocolate? >> Well, actually, you did, but that's fine. >> Chocolate. >> Chris, please just be normal. CHOCOLATE. >> CHRIS, NO. >> PENELOPE. YOU JUST BE PENELOPEY. >> PENELOPE. >> Who are you pointing at? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm getting a FaceTime. >> Hello. >> Okay, I'm hanging up. >> Wait, why are you here, too? >> Hi, Bubba. >> Who's that director at? >> I told you to call me Keith. >> I know what I'm going to call you. Weird. >> Let me see if there's any boys around you. >> Okay. What is actually going on here? POV. the protective couple on. Oh, that makes more sense. That's right, guys. The cringe continues with comment of the day. It never ends. Maybe today's one won't be so cringey. Who knows? Let's take a look. Today's comment of the day goes to Jay Lee plays Roblox. I made I I made I I made AI make this. It's beautiful, ain't it? Is that me and Tyler getting married? No. This might be the worst comment so far. Lee, maybe you should stick to Roblox because this is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life. Just to clarify, Tyler is sending me American candy. We are not getting married. But anyway, congratulations on comment of the day. I'm genuinely terrified to see what you're going to comment next, so maybe don't. But let's get back to the cringe. I said get back to the cr. Very funny. >> Derek. >> Hi, Derek. What have you done to Derek? >> Oh, the sound is so cring. No. Someone just save Derek, please. That doesn't look like saving to me, bro. Spare Derek at least some dignity. Jesus. We are not about to do this. Derek. >> Oh my god. Stop saying his name like that. We've turned Derek into a water balloon. Can we have some justice for Derek? Please stop doing that, bro. Just leave him alone. He's been through enough. >> Okay, just when you think it can't get any worse, Derek starts to we must be a law against this somewhere. You're really starting to scare me now. Great. Time to check someone washing beef mints off my bingo card. Pizza bologn. What is pizza bologn? I don't think the Italians are going to be happy about this one. You forgot the S. What is that? You're about to melt the glass. Can you move it away from the hole? Oh, Jesus Christ. Set the smoke alarm off. I wouldn't have a word. Where's the laser? What? That's my brain. What have they cooked there? Not even the pasta can save that. It's like the cherry on top of the cake, except the cake is made from American cheese. Really? I want to see if melted. >> That's going to stay. I really didn't need the helicopter POV. What was the point of it? >> Nah, I'm not hungry. Oh, no. You really think that's going to work? No, I'm done with this video. >> We have to do something and we have to do it now. >> What the hell? >> Who's that? >> That's me. I never joined that. Cool. Oh, that is amazing. Oh my god. Who made this? Oh my god. Skeletons 2026. Well played. Well played. That is hilarious. >> I love having steak for dinner. >> Oh god. Where's this going? >> I also love having brownies for dessert. Man, I wish I could just have both. >> Don't you dare. I'm warning you. I'm not actually going to leave, am I? Oh god. No. It's impossible not to cringe. These videos are so bad. I think this is a mistake. >> You did not just that. >> Brownie should be square, but this pan is too big. >> Oh well. Thanks for the warning. I guess I didn't mind. >> The aroma in my house is quite indescribable. >> Chocolate steak. That was easy. >> But it looks great. >> Well, yeah. It's not going to look like a cow, is it? It's >> super moist looking. I'm hoping it's chocolate. >> I'm lucky, mate. That would be the raw sirloin. >> But the next day, >> hurry up. I'm going to be Louis Gay by the time you say something. >> It doesn't really taste like anything. >> I waited all that time for that. I could have flown to Brazil. >> It's weird. It's really weird. >> You sound way too surprised. You've literally mixed a chocolate brownie with a rump steak. >> Not bad. >> No. >> You realize you're now interrupting playback time, right? Welcome back to Playback Time, everyone. I know. I know. Hell yeah. Playback time is where you tell me the things I've missed or got wrong in my videos. So, let's see if you can spot it. There's no way. No. I know. I'm trying it. I'm going to try. Here we go. That doesn't look right. No. No. I'm trying it. I'm going to try. Here we go. Oh, okay. Fine. That's why it didn't work. You guys told me that I'd need to fill it up right to the top. And you see there was quite a big gap there. So that's why I got wet. Great. So, thanks for letting me know, guys. I will try and fill up my water bottles completely next time. Right back to the cringe. Can you just stop trying? What just happened? Participating in this activity could result in you or others getting hurt. Who others? The fruits. I really hope that sound was the strawberry, not his chin. Oh. Why can't I do that? I'm new here. Is this normal? >> Picture this, right? You're sitting at your table one day and you see an apple there and you're thinking, "Hm, I'm not going to eat the apple today. I'm going to turn into a human hydraulic press and I'm going to squish it." How have we gone from an apple to a banana? Are they not meant to get harder? Oh, he's got a can now. Don't tell me the drink's still in it. I just want to see the apple round two at this point. Ow. This is optional, by the way. >> Did you lose or did you win? >> Well, it depends what you're talking about cuz I didn't smile, but I did cringe. Hey team, let me know if any of these made you cringe in the comments. And if today's video made you smile, then that's great. And if it didn't, then you're cringe. I've been Louis A, and I will see you next time after a short bonus clip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItsLouisAyy [4100 likes]: Did you cringe too? 😩
  2. @Edzhel45: Icn bun luisay!!!!
  3. @erinterese9125: I'm very """"""" suprised"""""""that Louis did """"" not""""""""cringe!!!!great job louis!!!!!
  4. @Althea-q9b: So Louis are you first mom now?
  5. @amandaauspelmyer6067: Potatos😜potatos!😝
  6. @everosorio6666: I’m allergic to smoke
  7. @thamaradharshani6090: Louise there's a tornado in my bathroom.
Should i give it a  toilet paper donut
  8. @Louisseee-d6t: I’m louise
  9. @airajzaidi6215: I showed this to my calculator now it needs therapy...

Your paying 4 it
  10. @Cookie_cat13: #JusticeForDerek
  11. @lex-twicee: AYO WHY WAS I NOT INVITED TO LOUISAYY AND TYLER'S WEDDING???!! 😭😭
  12. @poppyplaytimeischapter2115: Frist time I cringed was when you first cringed, 
#justiceforderek
  13. @MatthewJamieson-q7d: DER GETTING MARRIED SOMEONE GET WEDDING STUFF IMA GET LOUIS A SUIT N TIE 😂😂😂😂😂😂
  14. @lakeisha1945: My parents got a dysion and me and my sister can't stop laughing about it
  15. @RineeAnn: 6:31 louis's face 😂😂
I can'tttt...............😂😂😂
  16. @FritzchelleMagtoto: Luis can you please reacts to sagawa
  17. @shaigaanjaffri2270: Yes patato
  18. @neilashuhaime509: Louis I spilt caramel on my couch and let it melt should I clean it with magic foam
  19. @krushu_2005: LOIUSSSSSS tyler reacted to u reacting to tyler reacting to you reacting to random people yo when r we going to get the u reactingg????
  20. @kristynakudrikova7554: I like your video so much,

- Viral Mystery Dumplings - The WORST Trend EVER?: Kind: captions Language: en It's green, >> brother. >> Landfill core content. That's what this is in my opinion. >> That is so cute. I'm obsessed. >> It's just fun. Like, we're just having fun. >> I don't care if I'm filling up landfills. I'm just having fun. Okay, that's not cute. Best of you, I don't really keep up with social media trends these days. I'm getting a little old for half the nonsense that most influencers talk about. Plus, I barely go on TikTok anymore, so I never see the stuff that goes on there. So, every now and again, I'll get a comment like, "Please talk about the glitter dumpling situation soon." The what? I'm sorry. Did I read that correctly? The glitter dumpling situation. What the hell is happening on TikTok? So, I took a quick look and here's what I found. [music] >> Oh, hell no, man. >> I will immediately be making this my business. So, I literally just searched on Tik Tok dumpling trend, and this is the first video that came up. So, let's take a look. I can already see the caption says consumerism at its finest. But I don't care. These are so fun. You know what? Maybe maybe we should care. >> I'm excited. I GOT >> I have searched high and low for these things. I'm so excited. On that available at mine were the glitter galaxy ones. [screaming] We're going to open them. Okay, first of all, why does she have so many? Like, you know, I see people doing the whole like blind box thing. Like, I get it. I understand why. I understand the hype. But like, you know, when people get blind boxes, they normally get like one or two, maybe three at a stretch. How many does she have there? 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 eight. At least eight, I can see. And I'm presuming these are blind boxes at this point. From what I've seen, these are some sort of blind box type toy. Surely at that point, if you're buying so many of a blind box, like you're just guaranteed to get what you want, right? Surely. Maybe not. Let's find out. >> First dumpling. Ready? [crying] >> Is that it? [clears throat] This has to be some sort of joke. Like look. Okay. I've seen a lot of silly little collectible trends in my time. Okay. And normally collectibles, blind boxes, things like this. Like they're cute, you know? Like they're cute little things, little trinkets that people want to collect. What is this? What is that? Is it just a squishy dumpling? >> Like it's it's like a stress toy. [snorts] >> Tried it. I got eight of them. Next one. >> Oh my gosh. She's going feral for these. Is this what the kids are like raving about these days? >> Oh my gosh. It's exactly the same thing but pink. Yeah. What? What? What are we doing? Have we collectively lost our minds? Is this genuinely what like the cool kids are doing these days? And look, before you come at me in the comments like I I get it. Okay, kind of. I understand like wanting to collect things. I've collected things myself in the past. I still collect one or two things now. I myself also had a phase in my sort of early 20s where I found myself being interested in a lot of the things that I was interested in when I was younger, like collecting silly little toys like this. And I get it. Like I get wanting to have that kind of like childhood feel to things. Like I get wanting to have things like toys. That's not what I'm criticizing here. But right now I'm getting a big vibe of like buying tons and tons of these. I'm guessing she's trying to find a specific one, right? Like that's the idea. I've seen people talk about like glittery ones or something. So, I'm I'm guessing the idea is that you just buy loads of them until you find the one that you want, which just creates a ton of waste. Like, all of this stuff, I'm willing to bet that pretty much all of these will be sat in a landfill by the end of this year. >> Number three. Ready? Did I already get this one? Number four. Okay, so we've already had a repeat of the first one. >> I'm guessing that's kind of useless to her now. >> I feel blue. >> That's basic. It's Oh my god. >> Cute. >> It's the same thing over and over again. >> Okay, ready? >> Okay, it's the last one. >> And you see that, my friends? You see the way that she just slammed that thing shut and was like over it? This is the exact issue with this. People will buy so many of these things. They will open them. They'll be like, "Oh my god." Yeah. Oh my gosh. The serotonin from opening these little blind boxy things. Makes them so happy for like a good minute. And then what happens is they open one. It's one that they don't want. And they're immediately like, "Close that lid. Bam. Trash." Like that is of no worth to them. It's like people are buying things not because they want to buy things. Like they're buying things because they want something. I don't know what I'm trying to say right now. It's like you can't buy six of something just because you want one of something. Does that make sense? I mean, you can, but like it's stupid. It just creates so much waste. Like, I don't know. Let's continue. >> I don't care. >> You see, like, she's she's just unhappy. Like, she's bought these things and she doesn't even like them. Let's check out the comments on this video. Someone said, "How much did they cost?" $5 apparently. That's like £4 for us in the UK. Oh, okay. So, I guess these like sparkly ones are the ones that people are trying to collect, right? They're like the special ones. Okay. [snorts] What's the hype about, bro? Yeah, exactly. I can't find a single one. I'm so angry. Me and my friend have been looking for them all over the And I'm so angry right now. People really want these that badly? Like, are these genuinely the in thing right now? Like, people are genuinely genuinely genuinely genuinely really wanting these. I need to take the word genuinely out of my vocabulary like immediately. >> I have more dumplings and they're pink. So, I have eight of these Valentine's Day dumplins from Five Below. I'm so excited they came out with these. So, there's two purples, a red, three shades of pink, light pink, hot pink, and like a medium pink. And then the pink glitter. I want the pink glitter so bad. So, let's get into this, guys. We What do you do with them? Are these just one of those things that people want just to have? Like, do they do they do anything? Do they do they smell good? Do they make sound? Or are they literally just squishy dumplings? I feel like these are just like sensory toys. They're just like fidget toys. Am I Am I wrong? Please correct me if I'm wrong, but like I feel like I'm I'm correct. >> Like, they're so cute. They're literally pink. Okay. Yeah, I got the medium pink. That is so cute. I'm obsessed. I just don't get it. Like, what is there to obsess over really? And like, I have obsessed over some silly things in my time. But the things that I've obsessed over have all had some sort of meaning to me. You know, what is the meaning of these pink dumplings? Like, is it a character from a show? Like, is it is it something with meaning? Just look at how much packaging is in every single one. >> Hopefully, I get the glitter. Oh my gosh. One, two, three, hot pink. It's so pretty. Oh my gosh, I love these pink ones. They are so cute and squishy. Oh my gosh. One, two, three. This one's taped. Maybe since it's taped, it means it's special. One, two, three. Red. I don't have a red one. The only red one I have >> That's red. That's supposed to be red. The like Oh my god. I don't even I don't even know what to say. >> Okay, fourth one. Oh, y'all. I really want the glitter. It's so pretty. It's like a pink glitter. >> Like, look how fast she's tearing. >> I got the hot pink again. That's okay. It's okay. It's still so cute. >> It's just so funny to me like watching them open the ones that they already have and watching them trying to like cope about it. Yay, I got a pink one. It's okay. It's still really cute. And on the inside, they're probably like, "Gh, what a waste." Yeah, what a waste. I find it funny how these are meant to be like kids toys, I presume. You know, and as I said, like I'm not judging anybody for wanting to have something that's meant for a kid. Like, that's not what this is about. What really annoys me is the way that like you would buy one of these for a kid. And you can tell like how nicely the packaging is done. You know, like it's a little dumpling holder. I don't know what they're called. I'm sorry. It's like a little dumpling basket and you know, you unwrap it, you open it. Oh my gosh, so cute. A dumpling. A little kid would probably love that. Like these are the kind of things that you would get one for a kid. You'd give it to them as like a special treat or something. And like, you know, they'd probably love this. They'd play with it for ages. Like I'm sure the whole like dumpling basket would be special to them. And then you see videos of like adults like this or, you know, young adults and they're just tearing through them. Like they're opening eight in the space of like 3 minutes. And I just think like eight of those. Imagine how happy a little kid would be with eight of those. Even just like one of those. If you think of how much kind of like play time that that would give a little kid versus an adult getting eight of these and just tearing through eight of them in like three minutes, not really appreciating them, not appreciating the packaging, not appreciating like the little basket holder. It's just kind of sad to me. Adults liking kid things, fine, but at least appreciate them. If you're taking something off the shelf that was meant for a child to enjoy, at least, you know, enjoy it. >> All right, guys. This is the fifth one. One, two, three. Hot pink again. This is the third hot pink. Well, I'm doing a giveaway at 200k, so these might be in the giveaway. Who knows? Okay, guys. I've lost count, but I have this one and then two more left. One, two, three. Four hot pinks. Oh my gosh. Are you serious? What is she going to do with four hot pink squishy dumplings? And I know you guys will probably say like, "Oh, she's going to give them to friends. She's going to give them to family. She's going to do a giveaway. She's going to put them in the giveaway." But she's opened them. Like she's already opened the thing. Like she's taken it out of the packaging. And honestly, like that just comes across to me as like a little bit of an excuse as to why it's okay for content creators to make this kind of like overconumption style content. I could make the most horrendous overconumption haul ever. Like I could buy 5 billion trillion things that I didn't need and like what? It's okay if I finish it with, okay guys, I'm going to give half of this to my siblings, half of this to my friends. I'm also going to do a giveaway where I'm going to give most of this away. Like that makes it okay. I personally don't think it does to be completely blunt. Like I I don't think it does. Honestly, I just feel like it's kind of like a little bit of an excuse. You're still buying all of this stuff that nobody really needs. you're still making content that's influencing people to buy more of this stuff that they don't need. Okay, so she what runs a giveaway and she puts one of these in the giveaway. It's a blind box, right? Like, who is going to want a blind box that's already been opened? Like, you already know what color it is. She's literally like mauled it. Like, I don't know. Obviously, you didn't really want it that badly in the first place if you're willing to just give it away. Okay, I haven't even got a light pink yet, and I really want a light pink. So, hopefully maybe this is a light pink. I just really don't want it to be I haven't got purple either. I just really don't want it to be hot pink. Oh, it's the medium pink. Okay, we have two medium pinks, four hot pinks, and a red. It's the way she was like, I just really don't want it to be hot pink and then she just got a slightly lighter shade of pink. Like, does that make it better? Like, is she is she happy with that versus another one of the hot pinks? Like, is it is it really that much different? >> I got more dumplings first. Hold on a second. Is that a massive one? Like, is that is that a giant one? Oh my goodness. All right, let's see what's going on. >> More dumplings. >> So, they do different sizes as well. >> I hope it's the glare one or the pink. It's glue. A, this is so cute. [gasps] Okay, that's cute. That's cute. Okay, >> I love how they're always like, "Oh my gosh, it's so cute. That's cute. Shove it back in its box." Next. I really want a glitter. Okay. Oh, it's dark. >> Another blue. Time for the big reveal. This is the big one. And it better be the humongous glitter one. >> It's green, >> It's green. It's ugly green. I could have chose any color but this one, but it's okay. >> M interesting. If the small ones cost $5, I want to know how much the big one cost her because I can't imagine buying something that big that probably costs quite a bit of money to just look at it and go, "Oh, it's ugly." Uh, let's see what else she says. >> I'm still grateful for my big dumpling. That just means I'm going to have to go buy a new one. These are all my dumplings. I have like all the blue ones. I have two pink ones and a purple and then a big green. >> I filmed a YouTube short earlier today. I don't know whether it's out yet at the time you're watching this video, but it's basically about the idea that when you buy something, you have it. When you purchase something, that item becomes a physical commitment. And that is exactly what I'm thinking when I'm seeing this. Like all of these items that she's collecting, you know, the dumplings, also all of the packaging, like this packaging is big. Like it's bulky. What is she going to do with it now that she has it? Like where is she going to put it? Is she going to use it? Is it just going to sit collecting dust? You know, this might be like the hype thing currently. Like this might be what she really wanted to buy today. And yeah, maybe this is going to make her really happy in the next like I don't know week, 2 weeks, whatever. But these items, these physical things, they are going to be on the planet forever. So like where are these things going to be in a year's time or 3 years time or 5 years time? Are they still going to be sat in her room collecting dust? Maybe. Is she gonna just like throw them in a charity shop hoping that somebody else will want to take them? Is she gonna chuck them out and they're going to be sat in a landfill for the rest of time? That's what I think when I see this stuff. Like when she buys all of this stuff, she has it. Like that's a physical thing that she has to take care of. She has to find a place for. And I feel like a lot of people don't think about that when they buy things like this. Yeah, it's great and all. You have this super hype little unboxing session. You film it for Tik Tok. You get some good views because you know it's a trend. This video has 3.2 million likes. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people were just making these videos for the views because they know that that's what's doing well on Tik Tok right now. And I'm just like, when you have all of these things, what do you do with them afterwards? And yes, don't get me wrong, some people might treasure these things for the rest of their lives, maybe. But I'm willing to bet that the majority of people won't. And come maybe like in a year's time, 2 years time, 3 years time, they probably won't want this giant ugly green dumpling hanging around in their house anymore. So like, where is that going to go? Where's it going to be? What are we going to do with it? Cuz my bets are that it's going to end up in a landfill, which leaves us with landfill call content. That's what this is, in my opinion. This person has an entire display box of them. Today we are opening up all of these viral mystery dumplings to try to find the rare one. Okay, I am so excited. I bought 18. >> Huh, >> you guys. >> 18. >> It's just >> So, if these cost $5 each and she bought 18 of them, [music] >> I can't do maths. How much is that? That's like 65 * 18. That's 90. Where did I get six from? She spent $90 on these mystery dumplings because she wants to find one of the glittery ones. And I feel like that's another thing like when you're blind box hunting for a specific thing, you have to think, okay, if you buy 18 mystery dumplings and that costs you $90, all because you want one of the mystery glitter dumplings and you get one of the glitter dumplings, that glitter dumpling has cost you $90. Realistically, like you have paid $90 to be able to get one of those. Is that worth $90? I feel like that's what you have to think of. If you're spending a lot of money in the process of trying to find something, the one thing that you wanted to end up with has cost you all of that money. >> It really annoys me when influencers do the thing where they're like, "It's just fun, okay? Like, let me have my fun." Like, it's called being whimsical, okay? It's called having joy. Like, it's not. It's not really. Like, you can have fun. You can be whimsical. You can have joy. But if you're doing all of that at the expense of like filling up landfills full of your garbage, it's fun for you, but like you're being incredibly selfish about it. Whenever I criticize people like over consuming, I always get comments from people like, "Why do you hate fun? Just let people do what they want with their money." And I'm like, "No, you don't understand. Like, you're actively harming the planet and the environment with all of this garbage that you're creating. And you want to look at me in the eyes and tell me that's fun." Genuinely, I need to stop saying genuinely. I don't know. It just comes across as very like single-minded, selfish. I'm just having fun. Like, I don't care if I'm filling up landfills. I'm just having fun, okay? I'm just being whimsical, okay? I'm just I'm reliving my childhood joy. Yeah. And filling up landfills in the process. That's not cute, bestie. >> By the way, if you guys did not know, I'm having a huge giveaway of these jumbo dumpling stress balls. >> I'm giving away three of these dumplings. If you want to win, make sure you are following me, like this video, comment down below, and tag three. >> This is what's making me think that this is all just a big like engagement farming thing. Influencers know that kids are obsessed with these. And these influencers, like all of the videos that I've shown you so far, like these influencers, I wouldn't say they're kids. Either like very late teens or early 20s, young adults, let's say. But I feel like these young adults know that kids, and when I say kids, I'm talking like, you know, 13year-olds, 12year-olds are probably obsessed with this kind of content. It's the kids that want these like dumpling things. It's the kids that these are really marketed towards. I feel like these like young adults are just kind of taking advantage of that and making this content because they know it's going to go down well with the kids. They know the kids are going to watch the unboxings. The kids are going to enter the giveaways. I don't know. I just feel like this is just a big engagement farm. And I'm not saying that like none of these influences care about the dumplings. Maybe they do, maybe they don't. What do I know? But I feel like that's probably a big part of it. Like you can tell when they say like, "Oh my gosh, guys, enter my giveaway. If you follow me, if you like, if you share this video with 25 billion of your friends, you can enter my giveaway to win all this landfill foder." It just kind of feels like we're pandering to that like super young audience that's going to want to do that, you know. >> And let me know why you want to win. Let's see which one this one is. At least these ones don't have the side plastics. Ooh, it's a yellow. Oh my gosh. I would literally freak out if we found the viral one, but I feel like we have to find it, right? Like >> I would hope so. So many >> that I'm opening. Okay. Oh my gosh. Adorable. >> Ooh, another green dumpling. Ooh, this is beautiful. It's really funny like watching them trying to think of things to say every time they open another one of these dumplings. Oh my gosh, it's green. It's blue. Wow, it's pink. No way. You can see their brains like actively trying to come up with something interesting to say to make sure the video is still interesting. This to me just isn't interesting. Like watching an influencer open up these dumplings is not interesting. I understand why watching unboxings and blind box unboxings especially is, you know, good social media content because it's interesting. These dumplings are just not interesting. Like they all look the same. The only difference is the color. And even then, they're just all these kind of like strangely muted like kind of pastely colors. It's just not interesting. Like, I'm genuinely bored sat here watching this. Another yellow. Oh my gosh. What if I just get yellows, greens, and blues? I've gotten duplicates of almost all of that one, actually. Oh, it is. Stop. I am getting I am getting duplicates. >> It's genuinely really funny watching them kind of like start off super excited about it. super like, "Oh my gosh, it's it's so cute. It's pink. Oh my gosh, it's Look at the color. It's so beautiful." And then eventually they just kind of devolve to being like, "It's a duplicate. Oh my gosh, you guys. [laughter] I just can't stand it." Like, I can't stand watching people buy things to just be disappointed in what they've bought. Like, I just It's so silly to me. It's so so silly cuz like, you just know that they don't really care about these duplicates. like maybe one or two of like the first colors that they get, they're like actually genuinely excited, but you can tell as the video goes on that they're just like they're just not interested. Like they're not bothered. They don't want these duplicates. You can literally like envision them just like choking them to the side afterwards. Wait, didn't she say that if people wanted to win the giveaway, they should comment why they want to win? Should we take a look at why people are saying they should win this dumpling giveaway? I want to win three giant dumplings because my grandmother passed away yesterday at the store while she was getting [music] giant dumplings. It was the last one and one Karen took it away and pushed her down and she wasn't able to. This is what I mean. The comments are literally just full of kids. Like you can tell these are really, really young kids. I would really want to win this giveaway cuz I've never had a dumpling and I see it all over TikTok and they look super cool and I don't have a Five Below that's near me. It's like an hour away, but I would really be happy if I got a dumpling. I just feel like this content, it's consumerism content mixed with the blind box unboxing content, but it's catered towards young kids, which I think is honestly like kind of a little bit predatory because all you're doing is just making these kids want to buy things. You're just making these kids want to consume these things that like just aren't really anything. And I feel like the problem is with this in particular is that these toys, the idea is that you keep buying them until you get the special one, right? You know, it's not just like, oh, buy one dumpling and be really happy with it. It's more like buy one dumpling and then buy another and then buy another and then buy another until you get the sparkly one. And I feel like that's just what this content is promoting and it's it's what it's influencing kids to want to do. It's just influencing them to want to go to the store, buy a dumpling, oh yeah, they have one, but it's not the sparkly one. So, they want to buy another one, and then they want to buy another one. Perhaps predatory is a bit of a like extreme word for it, but for me, it always comes down to this idea of we have this opportunity to create content and push it out to all of these people around the world, right? That is something that our generation has the ability to do. Tik Tok is a platform. Instagram reels, YouTube shorts, we can build these platforms for ourselves and we can create content about anything. So, I've always thought of it as like if you have this opportunity to have this platform where you can push out anything to people around the world, why would you want to use your platform to make content to promote this? Why would you want to use your platform to promote overconumption? Why would you want to use that platform to promote consumerism? Why would you want to use your platform to promote spending money and buying things all the time? These influencers know that these kids are going to go out and waste money on these things. Like, they know that they're going to go out and they're going to get the green one, the pink one, the blue one, and they're going to be like, "Gh, I want the sparkly one." They know that this is the behavior that they're kind of like, what's the word? Promoting. And I get it. Like, it's good for the views. You know, this one has what, 62,000 likes. She's probably getting a lot of followers, getting a lot of clout from this. I've spoken to you guys before about how I used to make sort of like overconumption style content. I used to make content where I would go into Primark and I would be like, "Oh my god, guys, look what Primark have in store today." I would show people, you know, basically just like what the shops were selling. I would do the whole like run, don't walk to Primark to get the new cinema roll drops, all that rubbish. I probably only made like a handful of videos like that, but those videos were really good for the views. People comment on it. People tag their friends, people save the video, people share it, like it's really, really good for video engagement. So, if you make this style of content, then you know you can get some good views from it. After making this type of content for even just a little while, I remember thinking, why is this what I'm using my platform for? Like, why am I turning my platform into just like an advertising showcase for brands? Why am I doing free advertisement for these brands? just why why am I using my platform to influence people to go out and spend money? Like why why and that was like my thought process and that's why I stopped because I was like why? Like if I can use my platform to do anything. I could use my platform to be spreading all these good messages like promoting good things. Why am I not doing that? So I I guess that's how I think of it when I see stuff like this. You can do anything with your Tik Tok account and this is what you're choosing to do with it. Okay, you guys. I'm heading to checkout to buy all of these viral dumplings from Five Below. I found an entire case of them. So, I'm going to buy all of them. And I'm doing a huge giveaway. We have all the Valentine's Day dumplings. It's just kind of selfish. As I said, it's not like the adults buying kids toys that's a problem. It's like the adults buying out the entire stock of kids toys. That's like a little bit on the selfish side of things. Can you imagine some kids come in right after this and they're like so excited. All they want is like one of these dumplings. They just want one each and they can't find any because some influencer came along and bought the entire stock just because she wanted to unbox them all in a video and then give half of them away anyway in some random giveaway. >> And I really want to use my platform to just give away some fun dumplings. Like keep it lighthearted and fun. I just feel like I'm living in a completely different world to some of these influencers. Straight away, you open the comments and the first comment is, "This is why there are never any at my Five Below." Horrible. Buy two and move on. Holy greed. Okay, I'm kind of glad to see people are actually calling this out. Well, that's kind of a bummer. This means nobody else gets the opportunity to buy one and open it themselves. Exactly. I I don't get the whole like I'm going to buy all of these and then I'm going to open them all myself because I want to like clout farm off of the blind box hype and then I'm going to give them away. Like no, just leave them in the store and then let people buy them for themselves so they can open them for themselves. Why are we not doing that? Don't we not using our brains? >> I've been influenced to get the Five Below dumplings. >> Hey, I'm kind of excited. I've seen them literally all over my Tik Tok for you page. So, I got two from Five Below. Oh, I got a purple. I love this. And then the face. So cute. Look at that. Maybe it's because I'm like a little bit older than probably most of these influences are. And I don't mean to say this in like a patronizing way. It's probably just because I'm so old and mature. I genuinely mean this. Like maybe it's because I'm a little bit older, but like why why are they so cute? These creators are That was very American of me. These creators are acting like they've never seen a little smiley face or they've never seen a squishy like sensory toy before. Have I been living on a different planet for the past couple of years or what? Cuz like these are just the least interesting, least groundbreaking things I have seen in a long time. The little dumpling basket, that's probably the cutest thing out of this whole ordeal. The actual dumpling itself. Yeah. Absolute nothing burger item. Okay, look at how cute. Bun just like sits in there. That's literally the cutest thing ever. Another one. Bro, [screaming] you're joking, bro. Well, I got two purples. Anyways, that's my dumpling haul. Should I get more? I don't know. >> You can tell she's disappointed. They always start like, "Oh my gosh, I got two purples. Oh my gosh." It's still kind of cute, though. And then by the end of it, they're like, "Gh, well, maybe I should just buy more." You could tell she was disappointed. And like, I don't blame her. Honestly, I really don't blame her. Like, I know what it's like. You buy these things because you see them on social media and you think like, "Oh my god, this is going to be so exciting. This is going to be so hype. Like, it's going to be so fun to unbox these. I'm going to get such cute colors." It's never as exciting as they make it look. And that's because these influencers, like, they just make everything into a big show. They make everything look super exciting. Like, they unbox them and they're like, "Oh my gosh, you guys." like it's it's pink and then like regular people go out and buy these things and it's just not as exciting as the influencers made it out to be and then it's disappointing and then you wasted your money and then again we cycle back to the okay now that I've bought this where am I going to put it? What am I going to do with it? This thing is going to physically be with me now for the rest of forever until I get rid of it. So what do I do? Where do I put it? Yeah. Uh [sighs] if you enjoyed this video, don't forget to subscribe for daily deinfluencing. I post every single day. And don't forget, you can hype this video by scrolling along the bottom icons if you're on mobile. And you can click it three times, and this makes YouTube show it to more people. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Junimaiv [1 likes]: When that one infulenser said that "comment why you would want to win this super big dumpling!" , so the fact that se asked that, everybody knows that the cildren will comment why they want it and then she gets money from the comments. She's probably not even doing the giveaway.
  2. @Yanaitian: What in the glittery plastic hell am I witnessing? 😨
  3. @Bebevevevebebe: If you think these vids are cringe, you should see the ones where they actually find the glitter thing.
  4. @denayya: I feel bad now that I own one of these buns 😭
  5. @psychosoma5049: Kinder eggs were our blind boxes in the eighties and nineties. Trying to collect all the hand painted tiny terrapins........
  6. @robotwolf: The quest to own something others desire but do not possess.
  7. @Kurama_hazbin: It's literally FOMO (fear of missing out) because of the hype
  8. @ayeshamabdulla3508: BTW THE SECOND AND THIRD PEOPLE ARE THE SAME ACCOUNT
  9. @ElizabethMiller-h7l: 18:40  true it’s different when adults buy one for a kid but they aren’t they are buying them for themselves its selfish and mean the kids are probably so sad because they just want one and they cant even have that i have only seen adults open them i have not seen a single kid do a unboxing its honestly sad
  10. @MatchaL3tte: I have one but its not bc of the hype its bc i have nail biting situations and it helps me calm myself and plus mines the fake one :)
  11. @MalaZlatanovic: I bought a stitch blind box bc it was cheap and so cute characters i wanted the secret but it didn’t really matter to me and i got the yellow one but that one was sooo cute and i also bought another for my sister and she got the secret but when i saw the secret i was happy for but i like mine more but it doesn’t matter to me which color i get
  12. @ToyaRengoku: It just feels like theyre trying to push kids to buy things & it feels kinda gross.

 Like stress toys are great and useful and they're def cute! They help loads of people, but the sales aspect of this FEELS not great. And I'm an adult who likes stuff others would consider childish. It REALLY feels like kids are being taken advantage of for them to get clicks/engagement/money.

Also the way they squeeze EVERY one is personally kinda annoying
  13. @starchild844: At least like give the dubes or ones you don't like to a children's shelter or like idk your niece or hell if your a teacher put them in like the class shop
  14. @Savetheworld-8172muslimindo: I'm really happy someone have the same opinion as me!! I mean, i don't mind if you buy those but at least don't overconsumption and ALWAYS be grateful... Please, donate and if you aren't gonna recycle those then it's gonna go to the trash and damages the environment. May الله guide us all.
Hey i think it'll be better if you say "May الله make it easy for you all" than "Good luck".
Only الله knows and forgive. May الله forgive us.
I will talk about how الله miss you so much. He is the creator of all things (An-Nur: 45). This is all his creation.
And for those who's feeling they have many sins he forgive all sins, you forget, big sins or small sins.. if you repent sincerely he will forgive you. (At-Taubah : 80)
  15. @scrabbleazumi6366: the way ive seen these talked about makes them feel like the mlm (pyramid scheme) daughter to the pokemon tcgs crypto bro son
  16. @tiny._.sxnshine: okay but I really wanna rest my hands on that giant dumpling
  17. @tiny._.sxnshine: I'm confused by these... I really wanted a labubu but I checked the different sets and thought about "how happy would I be about each of these pulls, is that one worth the money" and when I decided no but I still kinda want one, I looked up opened ones and dupes to see how real or legit do these look? would those make me happy for that price? and if the result is "a matcha supply worth that make would mean more to me" I just didn't buy it... like... girlies please dont just think about the one you want but also the ones you might get instead
  18. @BansheeNornPhenex: After i seen old men going crazy for pokemon cards i stopped collecting im good
  19. @DopeAFLegion: “have we collectively lost our minds “ 😂😂😂😂 brahhhh 💀
  20. @BiancaBuongiorno-j6u: I would understand from asmr creator but just a couple because they can make a video for the blind box (i personally don't like those but if it helps someone relax it's something) o use them as an asmr trigger. If not is really eccessive consuming. They re cute but you ll trow them away

- MrBeast is going viral again..: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast is genuinely one of the most evil people alive today. I mean that. So Mr. Beast is getting a bunch of hate. Now why is Mr. Beast evil? What is the reason? How? Be specific. Nobody's saying the reason why. People who say incredibly hyperbolic like this and offer zero reasoning or explanation or low IQ. I will explain it because other people refuse to. The reason why they think he's evil is because he is using funds to help black people in Africa who he thinks are not deserving of that help. He thinks that the money will go to waste and it will accomplish no end goal. Bad take. You want to scroll down? I'm going to facilitate the birth of tens of thousands of people who will eventually starve to death. Why don't these people donate their millions into their own communities? Africa before Mr. Beast. Africa after this has 1.2,000 2,000 likes. An African trib's first encounter with Sprite. Let's go ahead and look at the comments to this one. Huh? >> Let's not. >> The post is true though. Africa has gotten over a trillion dollars in aid and it's still the same. You're proving my point. They don't want to say it because the Overton window hasn't shifted enough. 83,000 likes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bidenomics2024 [2 likes]: Even if you think he's evil
 What have you done? Am I a better person because I haven't done shit today lol.
  2. @Allen2-z8x [1 likes]: MrBeast is having a nice guy syndrome because he is too nice to african people
  3. @tfghuggg [1 likes]: There's always good in evil and evil in good
  4. @tempioxavo [1 likes]: Brother wake up charities are money laundries....
  5. @Edgykage [1 likes]: Huh? No he's evil because he only thinks about money and sees people as money (Literally) Like how mr.Krabs ironically (Mr) Both have mr in their names LOL now i understand
  6. @MasonMange: I wish MrBeast was gonna be like in 2019 and 2020/2021s, where he’s shown to be one of the greatest people alive today, shown care for others and his friends, his videos are very enjoyable including his gameplay games and his reaction videos, and I wish Chris Tyson was still male forever and ever, instead of being a transgender creep.
  7. @arashdeepsinghghuman: Bro he isn't spending money from his pocket anymore clever guy getting donations from streamers and when nobody answered his call adin rose helped him to call everyone but later he ghosted all of them after getting help and millions one of those streamer was literally crying later telling he hadn't that much money but he keep pressuring him to donate 1,00,000k he did it to be a good friend of him but he got ghosted by him as well fuck this scammer I know this millionaires do this kinda stunts to get more  famous and saving taxes.
  8. @mariajanina3397: Guys. Think about this 5 min and u know that every of 3487 fundations that make Wells in africa they rising every year bilions for 10 years and still in africa 80% dont have water...
  9. @ohyeah4566: Y'all dumb af bro, but y'all American so it comes with the territory
  10. @Rollmops94: So he is evil, because he tries to help people?
  11. @SssuperLive: Dude, you're literally a millionaire. You'll give half the money to charity. You'll literally lose nothing, and on the contrary, you'll help people, gain authority, and earn respect. But you're just a weirdo from the lower reaches of the internet, a talking head. Although you could be a respected person, you're just a greedy p1ece of sh1t.
  12. @DissentRealized: Could it just be that he surrounds himself with .pdf files and tries to push confusing gender propaganda down our children's throats? 😅
  13. @idkausername10: You just built an entire false narrative in your neckbearded little head, the reason I myself don't like Mr. Beast is because he's a fake philanthropist. He only does what he does because he wants to gain, not because he's kind. It's sick



edit: I scrolled down, and why am I not surprised to see a thousand obvious AI comments leaving this garbage video praise? Oh that's right, because losers like this "creator" is obsessed with being right and in some position of power. You're a grade A loser!
  14. @ussr-8r: That mrshit has always been racist anti indian especially from PewDiePie tseries meme. His hateful low iq beta fans. Willhate me for this fact.
  15. @cursedimageseveryday5559: There is a certain level of brainroting any person experiencing corporate life undergoes, you can see it in almost every single rich person that deals in corporate enviroment. The parts of their brains responsible for empathy ascend (or brainrot) beyond caring about individual humans but instead caring about the whole system. Kind of like when a beekeper doesn't care about individual bees but only about the hive as a whole. From afar what MrBeats does is very benevolent but as you zoom in you start to notice many disturbing things coming together. I have seen it with my own eyes when our company's boss got hit with the real reality of things when he "zoomed in" and realised how things really work outside of paperwork and theory (he was laid of by upper management soon after because he was no longer able to do his job). Jimmy is so zoomed out and in delusion it hurts to watch. Where is the fun guy who walked marathon in oversized shoes???
  16. @kendall_1-m9c: smile 😀
  17. @smokeyworm.8574: What u think all that money you donate to Africa they get it in there hands 😂😂😂😂😂 no you think slow cunts if you had a brain you would have solved it time ago charity’s fundraisers take all the money and give nothing but a coupe of water bottles
  18. @sheldonhatch8255: @mrbeast
For someone with 500 million sycophants, an insane amount of wealth, and platforms to change the world, your lack of intelligence is baffling. You support one of the top 3 most evil and destructive corporations on this planet. So spare these 500 million with your "generosity" and "charity", because it doesn't exist. You knew what you were signing with these contracts, you KNEW that when you picked up that pit viper to carry down the hill, that it was always a pit viper. No Amount of money will ever repay or rebuild that which your entrepreneurial destruction left behind. Its time for you to quietly fade away, before anyone else is harmed.
  19. @unsolicited-opinions: Mr Beast is amazing ❤and hes actually trying to help people in need.  Just because we are Africans, doesnt make us less human or less deserving of help. Everyone hating on Mr beast or people in need getting help. You will reap what you sow.
  20. @gutyouinyourceller: As he pops up in the epstien  files 😮😅

- I Tried Making Viral TikTok "Stunt" Foods: Kind: captions Language: en You are what you eat. A saying by the famous poet Alexander Edmundex, also known as me. After I invented this quote, it made me think, if you are what you eat, does that mean if I only eat foods that have gone viral, then I will go viral? Well, to put that to the test, I found videos of the most viral foods on TikTok. That way, I can record myself making them and eating them to see if I can make it big on a new account. These aren't just normal foods, though. These are stunt foods. Foods that prioritize getting views over taste and health. Now, before we start, I want to say this video was inspired by Bennett Melts I ate only viral Tik Tok foods for 3 days video. GO CHECK THEM OUT. BACK TO THE STUNT FOOD. This might take a few years off my life cuz almost all this food is deep fried. Yo, I bought a fryer just for this video. It It came last night. So, let's unbox it. Professional style deep fryer. It says cook with confidence. >> Uh yeah, I don't know. The only thing I've ever cooked is like eggs and uh we don't talk ABOUT THAT. [screaming] Let's open this instruction manual. There it is. Look at this. I'm already a professional. Wow. I also got I also got this thing of oil. Uh not for me, for the fryer in this uh chef hat. >> Dude, this is so fire. >> Hey, ladies, if you go on a date and the the guy shows up with this, what are you doing? Be honest. I actually got this to hide the rat from Ratatouille under there. He's going to be helping me cook. Dude, he pulls my hair to control my hands. That is crazy. That's Hey, give me five, BRO. THAT'S LET'S MAKE THE TIKTOK account where we post these videos. What should the username be? >> What if I do like chef and then Edmundex? Chef Mandex. [screaming] >> Chef Mundex. Oh, we're going viral. We're going viral. We need a profile picture. Wait. Oh, let me get let me get the chef hat. Hold up. Oh my god. I'm photogenic. Wow. That says a lot about society. Look at him. He's like peeking over that little like blue plus sign. It's so cold. All right. Yeah, we got the account made. Now, let's check out the first video/ food of our chef career, which is this deep fried hot Cheeto cheese tower by the Zack Choy with 199 million views and about 5,000 calories. >> Okay, so we're already doing too much. Cheetos deep fryer. This looks like a shipping container. Don't look at me like that, man. I know you didn't enjoy that. That man is holding back tears. OH MY GOD. I FEEL BAD, but hey, let's let's see if we can make this RED 40 TOWER AND go viral. Now, to acquire these ingredients, I'm going to be going to one of the coolest places in the world, also known as Walmart. Okay, the Red Authority Tower. I made a list of the ingredients. That way, I can make this as easy as possible. So, obviously [music] we're going to need plastic cheese and more plastic cheese. Red Cheetos. Now, I somehow need to get that like square artificial meat. I was wondering if you guys have like square ham. Thank you. That's everything. Ingredients secured. Oh. Wo. I ordered this really cool Superman apron. Dude, let me go try that on. Hold up. This is going TO BE FIRE. OH MY GOSH, DUDE. I THINK THEY GAVE ME the wrong one. I'm going have to get a refund on that. All right, so first we got to put this oil in. >> That is hell, ladies and gentlemen. >> And I am taking off this apron. >> First, we need to make that batter stuff he kind of pours on it. I'm just going to use pancake mix I found in my pantry. >> Come here, cameraman. Woo! Boom. Don't play with me. Now, half a cup of water. Boom. Look at me. I'm shuffing it up right now. Don't play with me. I'm like an artist with the mixing thing. Let's set up this phone right here. That way we can record it for the Tik Toks on the Chef Mindex account to go viral. [music] So, we got to cut the crust off of the bread. Okay. Okay. Some real advanced stuff right here. Got to get it perfect. I got to get it perfect. 2 in to the right. 1 in to the left. Now, it's time for the plastic cheese. Okay. Orange, white, pink, orange, white, pink. Right. I'm going have to like slap all these on and then like edit it super fast like he does. Oh. Hey, second time's a charm, RIGHT? I HIT IT SO HARD IT WENT UNDER THE WOW. That's talent. That's talent. Close enough. Now we hit him with the white American. I'm getting the hang of this now. You see that? Now we got the pink square meat. That looks appetizing. >> No, there's like a mole on it. This is like missing human meat. They call me the meat master. I need to count how many layers of meat he uses. That way I can accurately scale this thing. >> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15. Let's [music] go. I got to lock in. I got to lock in. Now is not the time TO BE PLAYING AROUND. IT'S >> SORRY, I GOT carried away. I got I need to calm down. Three out of 15. We are 3/4 of the way there. That was a good one. THAT WAS SO GOOD. SATISFYING. # satisfying moments. Make sure to like [music] and subscribe. All right, I'm getting in a rhythm now. This is good. It's like leaning a little bit. That looks like the leaning tower of Italy or whatever it's called. Is that not what it's called? We only got five more slabs of lemur meat left until it's as big as his. Yeah, that's kind of It's as big as his. Last piece of kangaroo sack pouch. That's I meant to say pouch. [laughter] It probably is the other one, though. All right, there we go, ladies and gentlemen. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait no, no, no, no, no, no. I got to put the bread on. [music] There you have it. Get over here, camera, man, or you're fired. DOCTORS ARE SAYING IT'S the newest superfood, THE RED 40 TOWER PRE- RED 40. WE NEED TO MAKE SURE THESE are crushed up, though. Flamin' Hot Cheetos. Let's crush these up. Oh, I can smell that thing over there. That is rank. [laughter] Let's put it in this. I'm going to have to move this thing by helicopter. I don't know how I'm going to pick this up. Let's try. Got to be very careful. Feels like it's alive. Look at it. It's got like a pulse. Let's pour this batter over it. My god. I'm going to vomit. I'm going to First time cooking and it's like a bajillion stacked up cheese and galopagos turtle meat sandwich. Hey, this is pretty good. I'm not going to lie. All right, now I got a bowl of red 40. Oh my god. Gordon Ramsay shaking in his boots right now. That man's got competition. >> Look at that. >> That That could kill a Victorian child. I got to transfer it. >> into this thing. Okay. What is that? >> Oh my [laughter] god, bro. This sounds like this sound effect. >> Oh wow. It's already solidified and cold. This looks medical. This [laughter] looks like a moment. IT'S DISGUSTING. REALLY APPETIZING. Thank you, Brian. >> You're welcome. >> Hopefully this looks good on the camera. >> Hopefully this looks good for my viral TikTok. They're probably going to flag this for like [laughter] viral. WHAT THE HECK? >> OH NO. OKAY, IT'S FALLING APART. ALL RIGHT, there it is, everybody. It looks like a stick. I'm not cutting that in half. That's too dangerous. Let's do what I said I would and eat this. As I set the food down, my body filled with regret. I have a thing for like squishy textures. I just can't do them. So, I don't know what I was thinking. >> I got a minion cup here. >> Let's go. This is stunt food. It's not supposed to taste good. >> As I chewed, the realization hit. This was not getting finished. >> I mean, the middle of this thing was like an ice cube. I at least got a good shot of me like biting it for the Tik Tok. I can't do I can't do it. I'm done. Nope. I am defeated. I'm I'm I'm I'm disappointed in myself. >> But I still pushed through, edited the video, and posted it to Chef Mex. Here's the final product. Let's make that >> What the That looks disgusting. >> What is that? >> What the? And after 24 hours, the video got 1,498 views. >> OH MY GOD. >> HEY, at least Chef Mandex got 10 followers. I tried my best to ignore the view count. That way, I could fully focus on getting the ingredients for the next food. So, this next one's going to be a little bit more simple with the ingredients. After that abomination, I saw this video of this cookie teddy bear with 44 million views, and it made me think, you know, let's do that, but put our own little spin on it and do a Cookie Eddie Bear. It's like a teddy bear, but it's it's it's going TO BE MY HEAD. I'M A GENIUS. Genius alert. Hopefully, this will be easy because the foods after this are only going to get worse. I think we'll be able to make this pretty accurate to my uh beautiful face. I'm going to take a reference photo here. That way, we can uh make this AS ACCURATE AS POSSIBLE. LOOK AT that beautiful. Let me do the intro to the Tik Tok. LET'S MAKE MY HEAD OUT of cookies. This is stupid. Let's make a cookie. Me. Let's turn me into a cookie. Let's turn ME INTO A COOKIE. LET'S TURN ME LET'S TURN ME INTO A COOKIE. YEAH, THAT'S THAT'S that's good. I got to do it. I got to do it. [music] >> So, that's filed. >> That is boiled. I'm going to be making something similar shaped in the toilet. Oh, I'm going to be on such a sugar rush. Okay. All right. Let's start with like the uh the shoulders and the neck. Head, shoulders, knees, and toes. Oh, look at that. >> All right, the neck. Let's like get that. >> Place that there. I'm going to make the mouth here. Let's like >> I'm seeing similarities. >> Now, the nose. We got to We got to be able to smell somehow. >> Look at that. [laughter] That is beautiful. Wait, let me add THE PUPILS. HOLD UP. IT'S REALLY COMING TO LIFE. IT'S LIKE PINOCCHIO. It's a real boy. I wonder if it's going to like lie and its tongue's going to grow bigger. >> It's going to be the hair. >> Oh my [laughter] god. This looks like a shrunken cursed head. He looks like he's got a helmet. We got to call him like Cookie Domen. Dude, that is so accurate. Let's put him on his torso. Dude, this is like some Julius Caesar action. That is a traumatized man right there. Put him in there. >> Don't leave me here. >> He'll be okay. Once he solidifies a little more, >> he'll fix his posture. I'm waiting. Waiting for the time to pass. [music] Dumb. been in there. >> All right, he's going to burn if I don't take him out now. Oh, what is that? >> He's got physics. Let's let him cool down a little bit. I may have to eat myself with the spoon. Oh my. That smells better than the real meat. Like, I'm all right, let's taste test him. [music] >> Me, too. I know this is going to be easy. I want to see how fast [music] I can eat this. Once again, don't know what I'm saying. This was the farthest thing from easy. This cookie was 4,160 calories. Look at my cat in the back. Even he knows I'm an idiot. That's fire. Now, I will admit this was delicious up until here. >> This is where my taste buds left my tongue. And this began to feel like shoveling down cement. >> I don't think I'm ever going to eat another chocolate chip cookie in my life. Come on. That's like That's not that much left. Come on. If you told me one day I'd be sweating from eating a cookie, I definitely wouldn't have believed you. >> How am I out of breath from eating, bro? >> And somehow I managed to get this down. >> Okay. [clears throat] >> In 12 minutes, >> I'm going to go. Now I'm going to go edit this into a Tik Tok. Ooh. So, I painfully edited the video. And here's HOW IT TURNED OUT. LET'S TURN ME INTO A COOKIE. >> Place that there. >> You got reference image. Beautiful. >> All right. Look at that. >> That's accurate. >> Oh my god. >> Where did I go wrong? >> This was a mistake. You You're free to block me now. >> I thought IT WAS PRETTY GOOD. PRETTY FUNNY. WELL, AFTER 24 HOURS, IT GOT 30 VIEWS. >> THAT'S REALLY BAD. >> 30. And 10 of them were me. Hey, at least Chefman's at 20 followers now. Look at him. He's happy. >> That cookie left me feeling horrible. >> This has got to be like in my top five worst feelings ever. >> But I couldn't waste any more time. So, after fully recharging my batteries at an Edmond X recharging station, I checked out the video for the next stunt booth. All right, this next one's going to be a little bit of Italian cuisine by user Bonny with 61.9 million views. Oh god. So, we're going to be stuffing a giant hot dog with hard noodles. Cool. Boiling it. That That LOOKS [screaming] That's how I'd imagine like a prehistoric centipede. Oh, I DON'T KNOW WHAT HE DID AT THE END THERE, BUT IT'S GOT ME INSPIRED. LET'S LET'S GET THESE INGREDIENTS. WE'RE GOING to need to like boil this water first cuz that's going to take a little bit of time. It was so cool when he was like, "All right, let's go. Got to get it perfect." This really matters. Like, every little detail matters when it comes to virality. Um, come here. I just cut my mom's furniture. All right, we got to put noodles in it. The Italians watching right now, I know that they're proud. Shout out my Italian audience. Look at this. I'm pulling up with the freaking Barilla Dal 877. >> Chef Boy RD. >> We're like Chef Boy RD. >> OH MY. WHY' I do that? >> What am I doing with my life? >> The first noodle has been planted. This is going to take a little bit. I'm I'm going to speed this up. Yeah. It kind of looks like a toothbrush. This is what Italian people brush their teeth with. >> We're almost halfway done. Imagine tripping and falling on this. My god. Ladies and gentlemen, it is done. Years of evolution have led up to this. Wow. Who knew? The lifestyle of a chef would be this challenging, right? The water has been brought to a rolling boil. >> Bring this over here. That Johnny, turn on the oven. >> Yes, chef. >> Recluse. Put like drop it in there. [screaming] >> Okay. Okay. Okay. The noodles are cooking down. It looks like a Roblox spawner. Okay. I think we got to take it out now. How am I going to do this? Oh no. Oh god. Oh, it's so slippery. Slippery little devil, man. I think it's pretty good. We just got to put it in the deep fryer thing now. >> What the heck? >> All right. Tomato sauce >> cooking. Oh, we just top it off with the sauce. Let's uh let's let's try to eat this. I'm confident in myself. You see how I WAS CONFIDENT IN MY COOKING SKILLS and look what we've done so far. I mean, we we've definitely done something. So, um let's see if I can take this down. That's actually look really good. >> It tasted great. The only problem was the texture of the fried noodles was slicing the inside of my mouth open. But unsurprisingly, I crushed it. Bro. Bro. 5 minutes and 48 seconds. Don't play with me. I'm the sausage king, bro. I'm going to edit and post this. Let's move on to the next item. But before I did that, I decided to go for a run. That way, I can hopefully minimize the damage that these stunt foods are doing to my body cuz I didn't mention, but before I started recording this video, I weighed myself coming in at 165 lbs. That way, at the end of this video, I can see what these stunt foods have really done. And it also turns out running five miles with a giant Kelbasa sausage baby in your stomach is NOT A GREAT IDEA. BUT AFTER THAT, I finished the video. Here's how it turned out. If if you even care. There's no way this could flop, I thought TO MYSELF. 264 VIEWS. I only had one more food left. One more chance to go viral. So, I held back my tears and checked out the final food. Okay, this last food is from a cartoon, specifically Regular Show, and it was made by Cooking with Fred, who got 30.9 million views. Hey. Hey, this beat is fire though. Yo, that looks like a fourthdimensional being. This is my last chance to go viral. Let's just shut up and get these ingredients. Okay. Okay. Deep fried burger with two burgers as the bun. I can feel my arteries hardening already. Let's do this. I'm going to start by forming our burger patties. So, I got this lean ground beef. M. I'm making burgers. It's the method. Look at that. BEATING THE MEAT. BEAUTIFUL. All right. Now, let me wash my hands. Washing my hands. Come over here. Let's uh heat up this pan. Little bit of cooking spray. Crank this up. Let's put these burgers on. I hope I'm doing this right. I REALLY DO. I'M KIND OF IN THE MOOD FOR A HAMBURGER right now. I don't know about a deep fried one, but we'll make do. While I wait for this to heat up, I'm going to do a little bit of beatboxing. I'm spitting all over the burgers. Drop. >> What are you doing? Come over here. COME ON. STOP. GETTING DISTRACTED. WE NEED to be focusing on these burgers. All right. Look, we're going to use some exquisite seasoning here. A little bit of pepper. Yeah, they're not going to expect this when I hit them with some of the salt. They don't call me seasoning master for nothing. Nobody calls you that, >> dude. This video game has crazy graphics. Look at the detail. All right, let's [music] get this in place. We're going to make the meat sheet. My greatest creation. The meat sheet. All right, the burger should be done. Let's check them out. How did it get so small? What? [laughter] I'm disappointed in myself. It's like a little hockey puck. Chef Mandexus is probably going to have to retire after this video. I'm sorry. Or maybe it'll look bigger with cheese on it. What? What am I looking at? That looks like a school burger. It's got like warts on it. Why did it shrink so much? Whatever, man. Size doesn't matter, bro. You can fit like a population of a small on the outside of this bread. This is like if Chipotle did burgers. But hey, at least we're going to be wrapping it in more meat. Now this is crazy. Look at that. [laughter] That makes up for the lack of meat. Yeah. >> Panko [music] bread crumbs. >> Setting up the camera. Here goes nothing. >> That looks insane. That's That's the best one yet. Oh my god. THIS IS A FRIED CHEESEBURGER. Plate it up in the top bun. [applause] >> Oh my god, dude. I ACTUALLY DID SOMETHING RIGHT IN MY LIFE FOR ONCE. I CAN TELL MY ancestors are proud. My organs, they're preparing for failure. This is going to take 1 2 3 4 5 6 6 years off my life. But if it'll make me go viral, then it'll be worth it. Let's do this. How am I going to bite this? >> Second half. >> Under 10 minutes. I'm like sweating American cheese. There's grease in my [music] veins. After that, I still edited the final video. Here it is. >> Cheeseburger stuffed inside a cheeseburger with two deep fried cheeseburgers as buns. >> Let's do it. It's just a light snack. And the video ended up getting 1,000 views. When I saw that number, it made me realize maybe I'm not really cut up for this cheffy lifestyle. I thought I'd be one of the greats, like Gordon Ramsay or this stock image of a chef. Then suddenly, Chef Mindex blew up. 1,000 views turned into 348,000. AND THIS ALSO CAUSED ALL THE OTHER VIDEOS TO BLOW UP. CHEF MINX HAD GONE FROM 20 FOLLOWERS TO 20,000. MY NOTIFICATIONS were going insane TO THE POINT WHERE CHEF MINX REACHED 63,000 FOLLOWERS IN just a few days. These foods now had over 4 million views total. This happened so quickly at random. Like I was genuinely about to admit he fell off. But like I seeing all this honestly made my whole week until I realized these views I got were like a fraction of what the original videos had. So I was back down in the dumps until I remembered this important saying. Comparison is the thief of joy. A quote [music] by the famous poet Alexander Ednex, also known as me. And do you see what I did there? Like the way I brought the video back [music] around. I make famous quotes and I make amazing YouTube videos. If that doesn't make you want to subscribe, I don't know what will. I really don't. And you thought I forgot, didn't you? But I weighed [music] myself again and it turns out I gained 7 lbs of stunt boot. Oh, I'm I'm going to go I'm going to go hit the gym.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BennettMelt [12000 likes]: My first Edmondx video appearance. This is an honour. Genius idea btw to try and see if u go viral making the foods as well this is awesome
  2. @Rizqinnn-j2u9n [1 likes]: 14:40 was like a FNAF 4 jumpscare
  3. @Nuhuh-r3k: Is the camera man muffin juice
  4. @GiovannisBlockyWorld: As a suggestion step away from my Italian country. :'(
  5. @rochellelege7493: I’m on my mom account
  6. @rochellelege7493: Something in the background, it was so scary
  7. @IWantAHugPlease: Bro what…
  8. @xxsecretacc: btw the random white thing is flour 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊🫩i need a j**
  9. @christawatson7042: I thought you said it looks like a 6
  10. @Dhaka-ball: BECOME MUSLIM
  11. @NexusRBLX-KM: 9:35
  12. @DokkanFanboi563: 1:07 buddy looks like maxmoefoe💀
  13. @pengins-h1: "kangaroo sack" im dying
  14. @orb_galaxy_geometrydash: Who Is italian and feel disgusted 12:44 but a Little
  15. @theplopbuildsita: after that sausage stuffed with spaghetti im gonna unsubscribe and calling the italian police (im italian)
  16. @HeavenMercuryManalo: Looks cheesy and yummy😂😂😂
  17. @OLFILINT-STUDENTTEACHING-vl2gj: 2:43 you ignored cheetos
  18. @jayaricisidro6592: I can arl can cook an egg and
I'm a kid
  19. @clinthoflund6151: 9:31
  20. @mrplaystation2014: Make bayashis doritos Mozzarella sticks

- 5 SECRETS You Missed In My Most Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en right hello my friends welcome to things you missed in our top 5 most viral videos last year now this is also uh things you miss in our at least five viral videos last year all right because that is how many we made and loads of people thought there was stuff that we we faked in the Ted video yeah right some of it's right but it's not it's not really oh but there's stories to it so uh we thought we'd just kind of go through everything we made last year the first thing we should address our talks were 100 in front of an audience this is solid evidence okay that there was in fact an audience when we did our talks so firstly here's proof that the audience existed so this is you thank you yeah great great making sure you know that's Stephen Stephen that's you hiding that's allowed yeah so that's that's proof that the actual talks happened before us as well yeah you know we did get people in um okay so this guy at home so we hired someone to kind of like host the night right I love you go yeah good at what he did but he was a stand-up comedian this was a real Ted event like this wasn't like us like funny and around for a night this was an official Ted event so we tried to put it on like a Ted event and the host I was I don't know if I can speak for you I was expecting someone to come and be very serious and this man just came in and just started ripping the piss out of the audience okay so here here we see in the bottom left yeah we're seeing some head movement that was definitely an audience there okay well this guy was presenting thank you and then we fast forward hello yeah and here I come on okay nice so that's definitely an audience when I did my speech here again in the bottom yeah fast forward yeah no cuts and here comes me do we have an audience noise Julie audience noise would I do have audience noise and I shall play some audience noise right now put your hands together welcome William Lenny one of the things though we cut a lot of the audience noise basically when you put a Ted event on there are people for the audience right there are people just waiting on the Ted website ready to buy a ticket but it was a as we said it was like 1 200 seat there we want it to fill out as much as possible for it to feel like real to send to Ted basically just invited a bunch of friends like yai and our cameraman he invited friends Mikey doesn't have friends but he would off if he did producer Abby uh she brought some all I brought some the tone of the video is very much like this is embarrassing you know I feel like the humor is like we're going up making a title of ourselves the thing with that talk is the majority of the audience were like there is a proper talk right they were there and they were treating it like you saw on the reactions but there was one line of people who were just killing themselves laughing they were all you could hear in some of these takes we got rid of that because it's like that one line that one line of people throws the vibe off that we were kind of going forward the video controlled contraception I feel like if we show the laughs it kind of sorry this is cheating but I feel like if you show the laughs there you lose the humor of it for the video so what we did yeah is with all the audience shots we just zoomed into the people who looked uncomfortable because that was what was funny so the audience shots are real a bit like yeah hand-picked to kind of tell the story we kind of wanted to tell like when you're giving the talk and yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] six people are laughing you're not thinking about the six people off and you're thinking about the 20 30 40 blank face as you can see in the two rows in front of you no that's completely right yeah it's from Stephen's perspective yeah is what we've done that's kind of artistic Cinema is what that is this is my favorite bit of evidence that's an audience this is just pure art there so you ready so in the reflection in the reflection of this poor lady's glasses it was clearly distressed by what's going on and see my final slide it's that slide good stuff it was there this is the intro of the video which was the one part where there was no audience yes the comments are right here okay so this part this intro this was the rehearsal take because in this talk right I actually did a brand deal I did an ad sponsor bit uh you didn't see the bad sponsorship because the company hated it so much and they just straight up pulled out so then I thought to kind of cut it to stop on I basically I bottled it uh on stage I thought if I stop again and do a kind of cut to camera with Mikey's talk still to come it's very obvious this is a YouTube video that kind of gigs up for the night so this is the sponsor you did with all the sponsored stuffs yes okay so there was an audience for this bit so the intro there was no audience yes we're clear on that sorry the sponsor there wasn't any audience things are no longer that easy but my friends before we get into that it's actually time for me to tell you about the sponsors of this talk now our he is oh my God he is Relentless so you can be more confident in your decision making now he sounds even better now he's coming to his flow he can see the dollar signs in his eyes across Europe right now hey can I just have a road of applause [Music] and he's forcing them to clap he's got them in the palm of his hands you can figure out how much and their prices in the description down below back to the talk so that was incredible that was phenomenal I the problem with this is that they pulled out and then we had already spent the sponsored money oh yeah also these are bits from Steven's talk yes that are a serious concern to the water industry here are some of my suggestions as to how we keep these pesky Critters at Bay as displayed here I'm not interested in eradicating poverty I want goldfish gotten rid of I uh I did that once myself when I accidentally changed the fish tank and left the the plug out and it just created a sort of sucking vacuum on my goldfish I feel bad for that next he was incredible like when I say like so I basically prepared the presentation and just on his cards it just said click explain slide he's just yeah I couldn't do that in a million years no I'd not seen him before and I thought you know is he gonna be as quick as I think but he was actually fumigation what does that mean anyone seriously fumigation uh is when you try to get rid of things via smoke I believe sort of like well some chavs did to me with their e-cigs on the bus not cool invasive species do not only come in the form of fish and other animals floating pennywort can also negatively impact their surrounding habitats nice not nice I wasn't even a joke slide these are Mexicans this This Is War at Sea what'd you get if you put them together I don't know that was one I didn't run past the producers because I didn't I think they'd tell us off yeah I thought let me not show them and when you when you were shocked I thought maybe I've gone a little bit too far oh okay sick I like this right I feel like if you get a mini mint Eclipse video on your video you've made a good video knowing Simon though I'm betting he probably slide quite a lot off I never said to anyone I've been offered a TED talk before they said do you want to do you want to give a TED Talk and I was like absolutely not that is there is no chance I'm not will any I would not have done this but the thing is what I thought the worse it goes yeah the better the video is you know if you go and do like a stand-up show yeah it's like if they're not laughing that's terrible but if they're not laughing yeah it's actually really good for the video yeah I was quite at ease when I got on the stage but yours was if you haven't seen Mikey's talk his or will be linked in the description yours was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] horrendous Mikey's talk was about whether you scrunch when you wipe your ass do you scrunch off old and I'll leave it at that go have a watch oh my God oh my God that venue wasn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cheap I was not cheap at all oh also fun fact couple of years ago I had a seizure in that seat right there I this is where the kodiko and Noel Miller show was that I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] passed out at and that was like our first time back at a place where I'd I'd have seen you oh my God that was a cool transition yeah I like that you mentioned the transition right all right Michael's just added notes to this compilation talk about how great I am at editing that was my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idea oh sorry sorry you see that one teamwork somewhere in New York to make sure that none of these speeches and talks violate any of that I don't want to be deep right I think they'd upload anyway they're uploading like 10 videos a day that's exactly what I thought when we were making the video to be honest I started that thinking this is going to be a piece of piss and then six weeks in you're going can't do that can't do that can't talk about this then you've got to write the talk about certain subjects but yes that was that would be fair that was actually what I was thinking when we went into the when we started the video making it definitely not the case oh my God okay so basically they just need to get some good ones first whoa did you see hang on go back well it is actually pretty ugly [Applause] yeah I feel like you've got like a sleeper build a sleeper build yeah because you've won you always wear like oversized t-shirts but two you're an editor you've got to be a bit weird in the head to expand as much time on Premiere Pro as you do yeah and still have the time to just that's the thing yeah show me one other editor who's this athletic yeah that's all I want to say do you reckon you could chip fax quite athletic do you reckon you get out bench chip phone I'd fold him do you reckon like a duvet just wanted to get in that compliment name one other editor who can do one-handed push-ups and I'll apologize yeah good so Chip fap uh if you can do this uh get in touch he doesn't go after schools of fish he goes after schools of children I wish I wish I could see the footage of the audience when he says that guess what Simon you can see that footage oh he usually go after school hey Will nice prank Two Can Play That Game I've had a little tampon only a little tamper I didn't want to ruin his big day okay so I assumed that it was I assumed they knew it was getting tampered with yes Stephen the thing with Stephen is he knows if he's gonna be on one of my videos it's gonna be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around I got his presentation gave it to the producers The Producers then got in touch with Stephen being like will has a backup talk do you want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with it there's divided humans for centuries okay Scholars Holistic Institute of Technology he works at [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh then the other one I had consumer repeated analytic projections I see crap yeah yeah good good it's funny that it's not but what do scrunchers and folders have in common it's hard to watch good intentions what do I prefer fold if you scrunch your weird what I love right is that with that Ted Talk I have altered people's actual lives like they've gone oh I should try scrunching now like people are sitting on the toilet thinking about me do you know what as well I owe you an apology we cut a lot of your talk out because by that point it was the third talk a lot of the feedback I was getting was like I'm ready for the story to move on I don't have you seen the retention it's flatless when it comes to your time yeah I am the topmost of the video I just wanna I'm sorry no that's okay because it means I got to put it on my channel which is quite good apart from the fact that YouTube marked it as invalid traffic oh what they didn't pay I'm not doing charity work all right that was scientific research I did not pop those views YouTube oh and then Ludwig yeah this is Ludwig uh reacting to our video Ludwig puts on an English accent in a second oh does he it's horrendous oh no we're all familiar with Paul he doesn't go after schools of fish he goes after skills of children and basically Paul's a pedophile just humor oh beautiful you know what I think pedophile humor is very exclusive to England yeah for some reason I'll do it guys hey I'm that guy I think this is edited in a way that makes it seem a lot more Awkward than it was I feel like he's kind of playing it off pretty well and then they're like zooming in on shots of people who seem like they want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill themselves yeah no true 100 yeah I've had a little tub only a little temp I didn't want to ruin his big day I've just messed around with his Auto cue this is great I feel like a cuck just watching you two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] each other the most he laughed throughout this whole video was that joke and he liked it so much he played it again just messed around this is great I feel like a cuck just watching you two [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] each other my name is wow that's the craziest analogy I've ever heard oh so this is just highlights from your serious talk so should we tell the story of why it's actually not on Ted it has nothing to do with tech okay so the way the Knight ran is there was actually five talks we only showed four in our video then in a mission and then we went on and did our kind of Daft stuff and these talks were all real so there were like real talks with your stories relevant to the people given them they actually worked in TV they actually you know had their bar or whatever your real TED Talks going to Ted to get uploaded totally 100 legitimate the fifth one we had a drop out before the night so we hired an actress just to read a script that we had and the thing with a real talk right if you want to actually up on Ted you're not allowed to pay speakers like you're not allowed to be paid to give that talk it's got to be completely free God knows why that's just in Ted's rules the actress we hired to do the fifth one just fill a slot let's slip in The Green Room that she was being paid for the night like I just paid it to read one we were never going to submit her talk so the night finishes we think me and you think successful great guy it got amazing great job everyone for coming to the next day producer Abby is white as a sheet basically one of the people that did a talk found out someone else was being paid and their manager rang up our producer berated her down the phone for like 20 minutes and was basically like if you don't pay us x amount for my client's time we're going to go at 10 ourselves and tell them that this is like a prank event or like not a 100 legitimate event and then the next day or like a couple of days after we got an invoice for 18 000 pounds and they were basically like look pressure on us saying if you don't pay this we're gonna tell Ted right you can see from some of the footage we started shooting this in Summit so we've got this video that we've been working on that would have been completely ruined if they'd gone to Ted there and then and said look this isn't real so basically we just just waited it out uh we kind of got our lawyers involved or whatever don't know how much I can say just luckily that kind of back and forth went up long enough for us to get our TED Talks up and do you want annoying thing is so they finally get sick right other people like allows Ted Talk got up who totally legitimate real Ted Talk and because they went to Ted and were like oh this isn't a real event or whatever who's got taken down as well like yes we lost hours fair enough right I'm not a nuclear physicist we got our video we got everything we need it was going to get taken down anyway but like the only thing they achieved by going to Ted was just spiking her they didn't get what they wanted they just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] other people over yeah so this is the perfect yeah proof that that's it there on Ted I'm just clicking through I really should have cleaned my phone lens but alas so uh this video currently has 3.2 million views and it was made seven and a half Grand this video cost 29 158 quid it's a close one yeah yeah basically we run the main Channel at a loss and this channel is the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Shameless Money Channel but purely so we can make the main Channel videos or something that's really expensive those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] red tablets that Ted in the sun was like projector and Screen three thousand pounds for the project run oh God I could have just edited that enough we should have just faked it or accused not cheap uh like hotels and stuff it all adds up man it's good because we didn't fake it so we can be yeah proud yes yeah well we faked some of it [Laughter] oh my God the short so we basically we made a short and I wore fake Mr Beast merch to a Mr Beast shoot I thought we made a joke I said I made fake Mr Beast t-shirts and then I bought a URL that was one letter away from his and it pretended that I sold them after the video went live oh yeah I pinned the comment saying guys to check his link he's not happy right and all of the comments are like bro he's going to jail this is a scam the joke was if you go on their website this comes up right that was supposed to be the joke please thought very funny but it went well so what can you do

  Top Comments:
  1. @morewillne [2200 likes]: hello losers - vid was gunna about 20 million years long so we've split it into three parts 

shut up 

next one out in a couple days
  2. @gameinsane8984 [3 likes]: Would I fuck pay someone 18k for talking let them go to the company what are they gonna do throw you in jail for having a laugh I’d say you were blackmailed into paying and considered they told anyway hopefully you didn’t pay them 😂
  3. @cmay6536 [3 likes]: I appreciate all the behind the scenes reveals. 
Also 5:10 Steven Tries no-focals
  4. @MrMcJohnsonII [1 likes]: Sod that producer who threatened to blackmail you lot. It's TED mate calm down
  5. @DuBNS013 [1 likes]: pedo jokes are not only uk lol america s just soft
  6. @lassikangas [1 likes]: Heloo
  7. @losslisyfor4480: Love ur videos so much. I’ve been watching these last couple months. Will and Mikey together are the show!!! 😂😂😂  Btw Mikey has his own channel?
  8. @Mr.McJohnsonIII: Wow, fuck that one manager who berated and straight up blackmailed and extorted you lot, especially Abby. How full of yourself can you be?
  9. @holapat76: YouTube finally got it right 🎯
  10. @boxcat80085new: I just realised the unused bits they're reacting to are on a youtube video, does anyone know the original url?
  11. @olaal-hakim8965: I won’t lie this man deserves more money solely for the effort of these videos
  12. @tayzer2019: I don’t think they know how to count
  13. @PeteslifeChannel: Great video! Great insights too, keep cranking them out :)
  14. @britanimations2002: You should've absolutely gone with Surf Shark, they absolutely love sponsored segments like the one on the Ted talk and wouldn't have pulled out. Just ask Tomska, he's done some, interesting stuff for them
  15. @GoodVibes-bq1dw: Can you drop the whole thing
  16. @DavyVDBogert: 0:47 holy milkers
  17. @BValendan: Im an editor and im stronger than your editor😏
  18. @United_Wings: Wow
  19. @joegoddard9661: Will have you been taping your eyelids closed?
  20. @simenstory3321: Love this

- Reacting to the internets most VIRAL videos😳: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. Good morning. [screaming] I'm sorry if I just blew out your eardrums, but welcome back to my channel. The internet is a crazy wild broad space. On one side you have the Lorax and the beautiful movies that have made up all of my childhood. And then the other side is like poop jokes. I don't really know. I steer clear of that side. But yeah, it's got me wondering, like what is the internet? By reality is something that we all apparently know about. But the other day I was with some friends who brought up this meme that I've never heard, which then gave idea of reacting to the internet's most viral videos. I really hope it's not crazy. Only time will tell. We're going to start off with a video that's a little ancient. David After Dentist. >> Smelled good, didn't it? Is this real life? Yeah, this is real life. >> where that came from? Only now Only now I I have two fingers. Good. Now four fingers. Yeah, smart kid. >> Four fingers? I want what he's on. Am I allowed to say that? I don't know. I've had my wisdom teeth taken out and I've had a few surgeries. It's fun, you know, just getting to say whatever you want and then not remembering and being told, you know, the next day. It's an experience. This video has 143 million views. OG YouTube humor will forever be this. But I'm excited to see what else we're going to get into. Moving over to TikTok, I think people are a little more personal. I think my cat wants to see out. Hold on. Here you go, buddy. Imagine there wasn't a screen and I was just like, be free cat at all. You know what I mean? Calling my husband daddy in front of our kids. Daddy, can you give me a Coke? What? Oh, hell, you know, man. You going to call your dad by his name? Oh my gosh. What did you just say? >> you talking about. Can you give me a Coke, daddy? Who asked him for the Coke? No. I just said baby, like you usually do. When do you ever say that? Daddy, give me two Cokes. She's She's going in, not the kids leaving. What you guys doing? What are you guys doing? My favorite part of this is that their walls are lined with home family photos. Everything you see at a local HomeGoods. Honestly, I can't imagine my parents saying daddy. Ooh. I don't know if they've heard about the closed door policy, but you don't really need to talk about these things in front of your kids. What made you think of that? Like wanting to say that in front of them. Like what? What staples body? Oh god, lock in y'all. So divas, we're going on an adventure today cuz you want to know about planners. You want to talk about planners. My personal favorite, little pricey, little bit. These refillable ones are so tea cuz you can get so many fun like inserts for them. Okay. So many different inserts and they got fun sizes. I love me a mini little notebook. Mini little notebook planner, hello. I love the people that have these little hyper fixations. Like what do you mean your favorite thing in the world is just a notebook and planners? This is the kind of planner I'm currently using. It goes in my little tiny purse and mine's actually botanicals as well and it's very cute. It's very slay. I want to see this baddie's planner cuz from what I'm gathering, it's organized, it's colorful, it's fun. Wait, I'm sorry. The cover of this next one's a little alarming. >> You know I'm sexy. Dare I say the green M&M? On a random Tuesday. Yeah, the comment section did not disappoint. We have that that photo. The Emoji Movie. Oh no, it reached other countries. I don't know what this means. To me it's just giving green M&M diva. This might be niche, but do y'all remember when Mario Kart had competition with M&M? Yeah, graphics were not very good, but you know what? On the DS we don't care. I low-key want to kick it up a notch. So this one was sent to me by a friend. The caption is send this to someone who is gay. What? Let's see what it is. Send this to someone who's gay. Hey little gay boy or girl. They/them more like slay/slam. So happy I know you. Really, really proud of everything you're doing for the gay community. I love when you kiss other girls or kiss other boys and it's very, very cute to watch. I wish I could be gay just so that me and you could be in love. Okay. You know, the worst part is I genuinely get sent this from like seven to 10 friends anytime they come across that. Yep, it's to me. Okay, I don't know who King Curtis is. You can do it. Just crack it. Definitely no cheese in a can. Very happy to be throwing this away. Bacon. No, I want my bacon. I got to tell you something. Bacon is good for me. She thinks I have the blue, she's a smart little girl that she can do whatever she wants. No. That's not how she can do it in our family. She's acting like she's the queen and we're the sorry people. >> [music] >> Ooh. Ooh. Joey, I have been nice to you, but now I'm coming to the edge. >> I promise you one thing, okay? If you do not have at least one food that you like, I will buy you a piece of junk. Is that a deal? >> No, I keep losing at deals and I don't want to make a deal anymore. I am leaving and you can't stop me. I'm packing my bags. And going where, girl? The daycare? Honestly, I'm kind of here for him. He's a big personality in that little body. Curtis. I won't be coming back until Saturday when you leave. She's going to try to stop me, but she can't run those little high heels. Wait, I'm sorry. Imagine being contracted to go clean out a fridge and you have a little kid like King Curtis just next to you the entire time, dragging your character, dragging your shoes. Okay, I went to a Christmas play and this little girl roasted her mom. How bad can it be? >> Have you ever used any bad words like bah or humbug? She says bad words. Not at the PG-rated Christmas party. Oh my god. If I was that mom, I would have walked away. Don't even remember why I was filming, but now I'm embarrassed. Girl, wait. You're eating this up. Oh, there is a kid. Oh my god, not the side eye. Is that it though? I think there's something staring at me through that window. Just imagine like looking back at the video and just being like, oh. Yeah, I hold space for that one. I think this is a construction fail. How bad can it be? Oh girl, honestly, I wouldn't do much better myself. Props to you. I hope your head's okay. What I would say to celebrities if I saw them on the street. If it's Chappell Roan, I wouldn't. I would run. Hey Eric, what would you say to Sydney Sweeney if you saw her on the street? [music] Sydney, girl. Get her, girls. What would you say if you saw Olivia Rodrigo on the street? What would you say? Olivia, what's going on, girl? It's been a minute. Girls, get her. Hey Eric, if you saw Sabrina Carpenter on the street, what would you say? Uh this is what I would say to them. Sabrina, short and sweet, girl. What the hell? Girls, get her. Eric, what would you do if you saw Chappell Roan? Are we Are we trying to kidnap? Oh my god, it's Chappell. Wait. Oh my gosh. Okay, I would I would go. Chappell, I'm not a stalker. Don't worry. So, I have some questions. Like what does your basement look like? And why are we getting them? Like for an autograph, a photo, or what? Aw. Wait, this one says Merry Christmas. I am very proud of myself and all of my other friends inside my class. And my class is is really sweet except one little boy. >> [laughter] >> And I need to tell you something. Wait, get her back on the mic. Who's the boy? She said, I love everyone except for Michael. That would be me. Honestly, I remember I did a solo in elementary school and I messed it up so I just started rapping gibberish. Yes. But you know what? Nobody knew, I think. Came home to find her waiting in the bath for me. >> I was expecting a lot of things. A cat, a dog, a baby, even a significant other. Was not expecting a toaster. What's the number for like help? Isn't there like a mental health phone number? I think you should call them. Okay, next. My 9-year-old was injured at school. Her classmate her a card. Obviously, I don't condone violence. What? I will deal with him. Aw, what a bestie. Failed bowling. Wait, I'm not even going to lie to you guys. I'm craving, itching even to go bowling. None of my friends want to go. I don't know what they have a fear of. Like it's just a ball that you stick your fingers in. Anyways, uh here's a bunch of fails. Oh. You're supposed to let go. Okay, maybe not like that. Oh my god. I need I need to go touch something. Grass. Okay, we're done. We're done. We're done. Yeah, you know, maybe this is why my friends don't want to go bowling with me. Little trauma bonding? Maybe go to the ER after? Happy 10-year anniversary to the funniest thing that's ever happened to me. Mhm, we'll see about that. Ooh, no, not helium. Okay. Hello. >> I want to >> Okay, sounds like a normal helium. Oh, be careful girl, you're going to pass out. Oh, she's doing all of that. Uh-oh. Okay, I'm sorry girl, but you signed yourself up for that one. She did the whole balloon. Yeah, he was so nervous I wouldn't date him because of our height difference. It can't be that bad. You call him baby because he is one. It's Photoshop. It has to be. This is AI, girl. You know what? Short kings deserve love, too. Amen. Amen. I have free will. I'm boiling a TV. Y'all can't stop me. Why? What did What did the TV do to you? I would love to like know what happened 20 minutes before this was filmed. Like what was your headspace? And also, I think the wife is just sitting there with her hands crossed watching. Nobody ever talks about how hard it is being a ribs guy and a balloon artist. Kill. Kill. We're done. We're done. Girl, that is not No, I need to go like cleanse myself. I am hydraulic part 26. Is this someone's forehead? Oh. Oh, hi. Um humans really do have free will. Who took the pants off the mannequin? What What? I'm interested. I will say bonus points for the creativity. Can't say I've ever thought of doing that. What's this one? Every strand of my baby's hair What? was once in my belly. Um What What do you mean? It's giving I am Hannah Montana. It's always Walmart. Someone took a bite Oh my god. Crumble made a deodorant and someone bit it. To be fair, it's trust love trust flavor and I love that. I don't know who was desperate enough to nibble their deodorant and then to leave it cap off. You know, I'm starting to realize just how big the internet is. Like my little tiny corner, it's cute. It's petite. From what I've seen today, I don't need to explore. Dora, you got that? I'm going to choose the comfort of my own personal oasis. If you enjoyed this video and want to see more styles, please comment what I should react to cuz I don't know. I did this one myself and I'd love to have your input. But you know I'm going to be back with a brand new video next week, so stay tuned. Until next time, peace out girl scout. It's actually so sad I'm never going to get to be a girl scout. I had to do boy scouts. You know how to tie a fisherman's knot? I forgot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @squiggle-x5x [1 likes]: 0:06 clock it diva
  2. @CrimsonFox83 [1 likes]: carter you gave me the courage to come out as a lesbian. Thank you
  3. @Happydandysworldplayer [1 likes]: it is currently 3am
  4. @adishalovette8146 [1 likes]: You need to do funny dog voice overs
  5. @johannaplummer1107: 5:34 CLOCK IT
  6. @3v3LYN-p4f: 8:49 Suicide thoughts or do they js love their toaster?? 😭
  7. @josephineburdon3001: Chappelle roan is my fav singer
  8. @littlecutecat4738: omg curtis
  9. @LaylaPrest: Can you react to but whopping
  10. @haydiesworld: 2:25 “daddy…ooh..” DADDY OOHHHHHHHH
  11. @JijibigfanBerg: Laro benz yeah
  12. @Amelia-v4h6o: Gooood mooorningggggggggggggg
  13. @MiaGarcia-z7q: Not the glass breaking
  14. @RaelynBoseker-r9g: The "GOOOOOODMOOOOOOOORRRRNIIIIIIIIIG" is giving present mic from mha
  15. @GGRIDESPONIES: “𝓖𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓓 𝓜𝓞𝓡𝓝𝓘𝓝𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖 𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐-” 0:04
3:52 “it says send this to somebody who’s gay” *stares 👁️ 👄 👁️ *
“Oooooo…. OoooOoooO… OOoOOOOooOoooO….” 4:54 
6:33 “how bad can it be?” *jaw drops*
7:34 “soooo, I have some questions. What dose ur basement look like?” *shows the most manky, disgusting room EVER* 

9:22 “ur suppose to let go- ok maybe not like that.” *flinches aggressively *

*falls over as carter laughs so hard he can’t even make a noise* 10:17 

10:55 “IM BOILING A TV! YALL CANT STOP ME!” 
“Why? What did it do to you?”

11:29  “is this someone’s forehead? O-oh! Hai!”

Please like this is took me forever-
  16. @Itzmocha-s6m: ILL GO BOWLING W YOU!
  17. @Pro.Showman: Had to turn my volume down lol
  18. @R4ND0M_V1DS-x9w: 6:49 hey I love Chappell roan
  19. @Itsmesameehaa_25: 6:14  6:23  GURL I THINK THAT'S MY FRIENDS LIL COUSIN-
  20. @YaritzaReyes-o8y: I am packing my bag and you can't stop me meme is funny

- Tôi Phân Tích Top 8 Video Skin Walker Viral Nhất Internet - Sự Thật Rùng Mình: Kind: captions Language: en The keyword "Skinwer" has over 50 billion views on TikTok. Dozens of new videos appear every week. Each clip features a real MC (Master of Ceremonies). Today I'm not watching to be scared, I'm watching to analyze. I will use frame-by-frame analysis, sound comparison, knowledge of original Navaj folklore, and basic logic to answer the question. Which clip can explain this? Which clip is genuinely mysterious and which one is blatantly fake? Let's get started. Before we get into the video, I need to state clearly that no video has been scientifically proven to be a genuine skinwave. That doesn't mean there aren't any mysteries. There are some clips in particular that I've watched over and over again and still can't fully explain. [Music] But it's inexplicable that it's different from Skinwer. The Navajo people, who have this legend, take the Walker skin extremely seriously and consider it sacred. They usually don't want it to be turned into entertainment content. I'll reiterate this at the end of the video. Now for clip number 1. Add that mod: cowboy call in the woods. Source: TikTok. Add an original cowboy [music] clip that got 7.5 million likes and then spread to YouTube. This clip kicked off the Skinwer craze on social media in 2020. John Soto, a Navajo and Apache, is riding a horse on his native land. The camera panned to the horse's ear, then a voice called from the forest. The horse stopped, the call rang out a second time, [music] the horse turned and ran away. What makes this clip different is that John is n't a horror content creator. He was a farmer, and he recounted many previous events on his land where people died from unknown causes. The horse had strange injuries, and its skin was placed in front of the house. Audio analysis . The sound was clearly human-like, not a red fox or an owl, but in the forest during the day it could very well be a hiker or a hunter. The horse's reaction is the most interesting detail. Horses react to smells and sounds better than humans, but horses also get frightened by [music] for many very normal reasons. While not entirely explainable, John is the most trustworthy person on this list because he doesn't create content just to get views. The creature walks on four backward-facing legs. The source of the viral content is on Reddit R Skinwers and YouTube search Skinwer Crawling on All Force [music] Security Camera. This is the most shared clip in the Paranormal community. High-angle security camera [with music] at night. A figure moves across the field in a four-legged stance, but its body proportions don't resemble any familiar animal. I watched frame by frame and the creature's shadow didn't appear at the correct angle to the single light source in the scene. This is a classic CGI trick: a creature passing through a bright line with no reflection on the wet ground behind it. It is highly likely that the mismatched CGI ball is a technical error that is difficult to fix. American Hex footage from deep in the jungle. Source: YouTube channel American Hax Series (three parts). This channel takes a different approach, not with short clips but with longer documentaries filmed in the woods near Mount Hood, Oregon. The person filming claimed to have encountered strange occurrences in this forest on numerous occasions . There were noises of unknown origin, objects moving out of the camera's view, and once something was standing about 20 meters away from him in the darkness. Nothing was clearly visible , only sounds and shadows. This could be this person's real experience . [Music] But real experience and Skinwer are two different things. Nocturnal wildlife [music] can cause all the things he describes. The sound imitates human voices. Many similar clips are available on TikTok and YouTube. Search Skinwer Mimi King Voice in Wood. This is the kind of clip I find people searching for, not because of the visuals, but because of the sound. A typical scenario: a person walking alone in the forest hears someone calling their name, turns their camera around, and sees no one. From Flore's perspective, this is exactly what the Navajo were warning about. Skin Walker mimics the voices of loved ones to lure victims closer. They advised not to respond if they heard a familiar voice in the forest. Scientifically speaking, the human brain has a capacity called auditory paridolia, which allows it to perceive language in random sounds. When it comes to verifying clips, audio is the easiest thing to edit. No [music] way can verify that these clips are authentic. It's impossible to draw a conclusion, but Paridolia explains much of it. Skinwalker Range History Channel Footage. Source: The Secret of Skinwer Range on History Channel (search on YouTube: Skinwer Range UAP Footage). This is the most serious case on the list because it involves a real scientist and a 512-acre farm in Uta. Owner Brandon Fugao hired a team of astrophysicists, engineers, and investigators to study the unusual [musical] phenomena occurring continuously on this land. What they recorded were unidentified flying objects , unexplained interference from electronic devices, and unusual radiation at specific points. It's important to remember that this is still Reality TV, and the producers have a financial incentive to make things seem more mysterious than they actually are. However, some phenomena have been measured with real equipment and still lack a satisfactory explanation. The most complex case is not a Skinwer case in the sense of a furnace, but one involving unexplained physical phenomena. Trail Cam [music] eyes for the dark, viral source on Reddit R Trail Cam and YouTube search Trail [music] Cam Skin Walker Glowing Eyes, automatic night hunting camera. The reflective eyes appeared at a height of about 2 meters and then disappeared without a trace. Explanation of fact number 1: Bears stand upright. Adult black bears can stand up to 1.80-2.10 meters tall. To explain fact number two, people wearing hats with reflective strips are common among night hikers in the US. Why did this clip go viral? Because the human brain automatically associates the eyes with something more sensitive, the bile disappears quickly in connection with something non-human. It's survival instinct, not proof. Explain whether it's a bear or a person. There were no truly unusual elements. Ohio School Lockdown, Skinwer (source: TikTok), Killer Clowns TikTok (over 30 million views total) ( Snope Deb). This clip is special because it has been publicly fact-checked. In September 2023, a series of [music] videos emerged claiming Ohio students were being locked down because Skinwer was in school, accumulating over 30 million views in total. Fake evidence. The [music] event took place on Sunday, September 17, 2023. American schools do not have classes on Sundays. The same footage was reused from the April 2023 Cloud Attack clip by the same account. There were many different camera angles, but all were filmed from a fixed trepot; it wasn't students panicking. Why does it still have 30 million views? Because people want to believe, and TikTok doesn't have a quick verification mechanism. This is 100% fake, confirmed by Snopes. The Navajo people, telling the true story. Source. Many videos on YouTube search for Navajo, Elder Skinw Walker Real Story. This is the last clip, and this is the most important clip [music] I want you to watch. There are no horror images, no background music, just an elderly Navoo man sitting and recounting what his family went through. Their voices are calm, unexaggerated, and without sound effects, and that's why it's scarier than all the other clips combined. For the Navajo people, this isn't a TikTok trend; it's part of a vibrant belief system deeply rooted in their community's ethics and spirituality. Many Navazo people have spoken out, saying that the internet's turning Skinwer into entertainment content is disrespectful and a serious cultural blow to them. I'm not saying people shouldn't be curious, I'm just saying you should know what you're curious about and who you're curious about. After eight videos, here's what I've learned . The two clips provide a clear and factual explanation . It has been confirmed that the two clips are fake. The three clips are not entirely explainable, but there is also no evidence that they were Skinwer. [Music] A Navajo music video is the most authentic thing on this list, even without any gruesome imagery . The real question, not [musical], is: Was Skinwer real? The question is, why would we want to believe in this kind of music so much? That's the topic of the next video. Subscribe so you don't miss anything and leave a comment below. Which clip made you most skeptical?

  Top Comments:
  1. @giaithichvuakhit [1 likes]: Bạn nghĩ những clip này thật hay giả, cmt cho mình biết nhé!!

- 5 SECRETS You Missed In My Most Viral Videos (Part 2): Kind: captions Language: en right hello my friends welcome to Secrets you missed in our top 5 most viral videos last year this is part two in this video me and Mikey lift the curtain on our Vietnam video our siblings are dating video and our stinky iPhone vending machine one two this is the Vietnam video okay we're gonna just play this intro right and you just you see if you can spot anything anything that you think is off this is one Vietnamese dong it's the first thing you say how did that get through months of editing we hardly bought a dong I bought a video so this is what we ordered yes items they sent us the wrong coin oh really and we just didn't double check so it's our fault it really upset me yeah we didn't realize until we posted it someone said it and I just I broke down I was like of perfection we're in Vietnam so this we brought uh Charlie our lovely drone operator this isn't our Drone footage it's not on the day it was horrendously rainy and I've got footage to show you how rainy it was yeah one sec let me wipe it again this is this is the rain with a video like this there are so many moving parts and if you are like two hours late with like if we just stayed around for it to be dry you lose everything else look at the rain on them yeah this next bit is unseen footage of us speaking to Vietnamese local have you speaking to me okay so we didn't include this in the video so there's alcohol there and the part after this we had to drive this really nearly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the whole day we had a bit of this and just had to wait as like we just waited for an hour or two before we drove if you noticed that it was kept in a coke bottle yeah I believe it's homemade and they call it happy water and I don't know what it is but I had lots of it while I was there and it's really really good stuff really good time up this was at the point where you still were certain time up and you didn't realize and he said soon you said time up and he went soon it's just a great response come on what did we just speak about I'll just asked him if they were drunk they said no we just couldn't add that because it's like the next section of the video Even though there's time in between it's like us doing a brand deal or driving oh just it's good bit but it had to go probably it can I so on this card was the side then yeah and we're asking her if she knows the side who can't I see sidemen you know sidemen maybe my yeah my brother you know because that bail oh my Vietnamese is pretty good you did it you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nailed it success we got banana shirts [Music] oh that was um Sun there was like a six-month crew son there lovely man was there he kind of just came with us the whole way down he was like a guy like his job was just like guide people through Vietnam shout outs on what a legend and this is him on a private jet so he got some good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of it couchy I love this lady she was great you just fancied it I did he knows thank you thank you thank you Mikey and uh tent in La DOTA yeah DOTA what do you say I said Vietnamese a big head this is a disgrace lovely people great nation great nation a great nation this is the bike chain yes I can't believe No One spotted this so this was the first bike yeah that we had and this is the second bike and this there is a comparison yeah Different Bikes so basically on the day the producers they had booked a guy or like spoken to a guy to drive it back from Hanoi on the day just did not show up so we basically had to drive it halfway and then get a new bike to pull up into Hanoi bit of a faff I thought the helmets would be a dead giveaway oh yeah driving in Hanoi just pure stress oh it was great though oh yeah uh this is weird uh later on Mikey's got his half and half [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] monstrosity of the suit we rock up to the Amman airport and there's a family dress exactly like you just in Reverse yeah strange let me give you a Vietnamese toilet review right this is not a nice toilet and I do really like the days after going to Vietnam I don't know I find it weird and what's great is the pressure yeah it was never the same so they had these little hoses which you basically you pressed it and it would go and it would like squirt and you were never sure it was always a gamble how hard it's gonna oh it could really yeah and it could really it could shoot through your mouth I think it was fantastic now this point we realized we just did the Top Gear Vietnam special just in Reverse or in the town of Hong Yan Vietnam's we basically uh so I how this works is obviously I can't know all the challenges but I know a Hound of kind of how to structure the YouTube video so the suit shop is the exact same and basically at this point we'd found out we've just done the Top Gear Vietnam special in Reverse this was absolute Peak though like we got here and now it was just like we are living good this is this is absolutely beautiful this is unseen footage I'll just relive this this is the most expensive 40 minutes of my entire life there's so many cabinets do they do the air flight safety announcement or these or do we not bother what happens if we crash what are we gonna do Mikey oh yeah all uh producer all that very not fond of small shaky planes was worried about the private jet literally we like got mopeds into [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Hanoi and whatever but she was worried about was the private jet so a week before the Vietnam video yeah I went to Vietnam to practice my Vietnamese you were sent on a mission for the video you go practice your Vietnamese yeah and film it he didn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] film it it was supposed to be after you said oh I can speak Vietnamese we can't speak Vietnamese I can no you can't vong M Kate we'd have a great bit showing people straight away of you speaking Vietnamese it just went there on his jollies and had a great time it felt really rude though to like stick a camera in someone's face yeah like to when you're trying to speak to like a local I feel I feel mean yeah but we pretty agree let's film this but I did get on Vietnamese Tick Tock and if someone is on do you know what was great I walked in and obviously I spoke to him in a bit of Vietnamese obviously broken Vietnamese and then another white guy walked in and they charged him double really I didn't ask for a discount yeah but just just because yeah it was so nice Kevin Freud yeah this is uh one of the comments wait does it say if you get Kevin eBay version and uh yeah while I was immersing myself with the local people our producers went to this Irish Pub so uh so we sent Mikey a week early to just get a clementines with the language and then Allah and Abby went up and kind of just did the roots I think it's like standard practice in TV you just go and check out and like all your plans check that they're fine and everything's gonna go smoothly this is brilliant right this is why I think the sidemen well they obviously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kick it right yeah so this is the first video we've ever made probably over half an hour like a proper video so much more so this did six million views right and maybe 27 000 bones it's incredible could this video costs 52 379 pounds good thing with this is I think sponsoring everything we broke even on this so success and a video like that like there is so many moving parts of just like getting people out and whatever and there's only like six seven of us like even though comparing us to Top Gear is a massive compliment considering the budget yeah yeah like we did it on that budget my conclusion [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them so these siblings or dating video had the best retention of any video we did this year so that is because no one watched it that's because it didn't make it out of our audience so that was it our worst performance video this year I think it might be I thought it was a really good video yeah it's not bad I think the iPhone video is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video I do yeah I think that's the worst one great oh and then what are you gonna guess 80 minute video like one and a half million views six thousand two hundred pounds 512 Great British pounds siblings are dating cost oh eighteen thousand pounds siblings are dating was yeah a very cost effective video 13 000 pounds as you can see it's not not a great business model we have here on the villainy channel thank you oh God oh God it's so bad but we asked their permission yeah we contacted them and we said is it okay if we post this and they said yes so that's why we posted it now our first contest for this game was called Daniel Daniel got quite injured basically we got four blocks of ice and we froze iPhones inside all and we gave people like they could pick a number between one and four and whatever number they picked kind of uh corresponded to a tool they could use to break the ice Daniel obviously didn't know these numbers before and picked two right you've been given a bottle opener to smash ice you go let me grip these handle bits here right let me grip these handle bits and whack that into it here Daniel hold those down and grabbed the like spirally stuff you used to dig into the hook and did he pass out he's so he's he basically like mashed his hand up a bit he really didn't care about the phone I'm getting to the point it's embarrassing I would have been happier with a prime bottle this studio we had was so expensive that was like I don't want to see because [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it I think this was like six grand and it looked [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because we didn't design any of the background it's just like white wall it was just enough video really but this video made 3500 pounds right which solid this video costs 27 610 pounds you look at it and you go I don't know where that went what do I oh oh yeah you little prompts yeah well I just thought because yeah the siblings are dating one didn't do too well the iPhone video kind of did well what do you consider a success I would say right Ted Vietnam siblings are dating smallest car yeah collection one or will any videos I feel like the iPhone one was very like materialistic and didn't really have questions anyone could have done that before yeah yeah so like even though that has a lot more views than siblings dating I'm way more proud of siblings a day how many views do you think what what at what point are you satisfied no you're never right it's it's numbers are unending but surely do you not look at it I go like I'm like okay that's dude a good video yeah yeah like three million is like okay we've done something that's impressive I think after I look at it on from like another way more negatively I go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] maybe we've just spent three months on this I hope it just gets somewhere decent I'll be honest I don't really care about a set number of views it's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one out of 10 stuff you can be feeling shortly fine I'm like oh it's got 600k first day which that's a ridiculous number of stuff you can watch it I'd be like solid and then you see nine out of ten and you're like I just want to cry and I also hate when you get a one out of ten they set the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 30 cannons off they set confetti cannons off yeah it feels great it's like it's an amazing drug but you just know there will be a time where I post a video and I'll not get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] confetti yet I will be sad

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vortex_F1000 [23 likes]: 8:40 67
  2. @bananaboy184 [12 likes]: 67 ?
  3. @EuanBCFC [8 likes]: 8:41 how many of them???
  4. @DoubleABattery601 [4 likes]: 8:41






6-7
  5. @Will-D [4 likes]: I met Will on the tube when he was on the way to the iPhone vending machine one really nice bloke
  6. @leebirkett961 [3 likes]: Honestly think the Mikey and Will travel challenge videos gave the channel into the best quality of content that the channel has ever seen.
  7. @BxnS [2 likes]: 8:41
  8. @PassiveAgressive319 [2 likes]: Mikey learning and speaking Vietnamese was my highlight. Well bloody done
  9. @Cryo18 [1 likes]: 8:41
  10. @cabozca [1 likes]: Lolz silly whyte bois ❤❤❤
  11. @d.b.cooper1 [1 likes]: Honestly you could spend 1/5 of what you do & get the same if not better more genuine content.
  12. @St.IsaacOfSyria: 7:52 
🎵 WHEREVER YOU AROUND THE WORLD YOU'LL FIND AN IRISH PUB! 🎵
  13. @GourmetJobSim: 67
  14. @lesliedaubert1411: The Vietnamese people can be so kind. I'm Native American and went to a Vietnamese church my senior year of high school, there was a service in English. But they were so friendly and I helped the children, they taught my mom and I Vietnamese and Vietnamese cooking. They tend to be shorter Asians and loved the fact that some of them were taller than me. I'm 5 feet tall.
  15. @Flyingfezzik: 3:24 wouldn't meet. My mom were in Vietnam we ran into. It's very funny watching back the video now
  16. @mincentprice1041: I watched the silly, grab ass videos (which I love) for years before discovering the top tier main channel vids.  It's amazing to see all of the work and planning it takes to turn the footage into incredible cinematic mini films.  Great job - Cheers!!
  17. @gameinsane8984: My old phantom 3 drone flys in the rain I’ve abused it ever since I got a dji mini 2 and the p3 is honestly bullet proof I’ve flown it in heavy rain many times and surprisingly nothings went wrong with it apart from 1 motor failing in a cloud causing it to fall from 1000 feet and it was still fine after it dried I only broke it taking it out the case snapped the gimbal after all it’s abuse 😂
  18. @RoryHanna: Its mad the amount of money it costs and how much you can gey back. Sidemen must make tons without even knowing. Good to see the BTS
  19. @sqoomsh: 2:18 are we ignoring the fact that will counted to one with his middle finger 😂
  20. @Thesportsgeek309: Nc

- Why Your Views Die After 48 Hours (and how to fix it): Kind: captions Language: en We've all had that feeling when we post out a brand new video, it starts getting some views, we get excited, and then two days later, nothing. Like, the views just stop. Well, that's not random. There's actually a reason this keeps happening. And once you understand what it is, everything changes. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly why that happens. And then I'll share five steps you can take to revive any video that stops getting views. So firstly, let's talk about why this actually happens. Because when you post out a new video, YouTube will immediately put it into what's called a test phase. And this is where the algorithm suggests your video to a small group of people. And the people in this small group is usually made up of your own subscribers and a few random people who've watched content similar to yours recently, but don't actually subscribe to you yet. And basically this test is done to analyze how those people in that group behave when they see your video. And this test will look at things like do they click on your video? Do they watch past the first 30 seconds? Did they finish the video? Did they like or comment on your video? And finally, do they watch another one of your videos afterwards? And basically all this does is this early data tells YouTube everything it needs to know about your video. Because if plenty of people click on your video and watch it, it means your video scores well in the test and YouTube will then start expanding its reach and pushing out to more and more people and therefore you'll get more and more views. But however, if those viewers in the first test don't click on your video or if they do click on it but then leave early or if they just don't engage with it at all, then the algorithm will assume it's not an interesting video or that it's a bad quality video and therefore it's going to stop recommending it. And that's why most of you will see a sudden little burst of views at the start and then nothing. Now, if that does happen to you, then it just means your video failed that first test. But that doesn't necessarily mean your video is bad or dead. It could just mean that the algorithm was suggesting that video to the wrong audience in the first place. Now, look, I know what I'm about to say might seem unfair, but bigger channels like mine, we don't suffer from this as much because our audiences are already trained. YouTube knows exactly what kind of viewer loves our content, but if your channel is smaller or inconsistent, the algorithm basically has no pattern to follow. So, every new video basically starts from zero. Now, the good news is if you do have a video that dies off after 48 hours, you can actually re-trigger the testing phase at any time. Like I said, there are five different things you can do to revive views on any video, and I'm going to break them all down for you right now. All right. So, the very first thing I recommend you do is add timestamps using keywords that are related to both your niche and the video itself. This is a great little way of adding in some sneaky SEO and discoverability to your video. And doing so basically actually re-triggers your SEO rankings because you're actually adding more metadata to the video on top of what it already had. And if you don't know what time stamps are, they're these things here, like little chapters. They break up the video, but they also add more context and SEO. Now, for me, I always actually usually write mine like this. I don't particularly like giving away the information. So, I'll say like method one, method two, method three, as it kind of keeps the content a secret and makes you need to watch it to find out. But if the views on this video died out, I would need to go in there and give it some more life. So, I would swap these into something a bit more SEO keyword heavy. And to do so, I'd get rid of method 1, method 2, method three, and instead I'd write something more like YouTube growth method one or how to get more views or best YouTube growth tips or YouTube growth tips one, YouTube growth tips two, for example. That way, I'm still describing the video, but I'm throwing in a few more related keywords to my niche in there as well, and the algorithm loves it. Then the next method is one that actually barely anyone talks about, which I find strange, but this can completely revive a dead video overnight if done correctly. And this is what I call seasonal or timely refreshing. Because here's the thing, YouTube loves fresh content. And sometimes your video just needs a bit of tiny new fresh data. So let me explain what I mean. Basically, if your video covers a topic that's timebased, like trends or certain products or travel spots or workouts or even like tips for the new year, you can easily give it a second life by updating it to match what's relevant right now. For example, if you posted a video called, I don't know, the top 10 best side hustles, but it's completely dead now after 48 hours, don't delete it. Instead, go in and just update a few key things. change the title to something like best side hustles for 2025 brackets updated. And then maybe even go into the thumbnail just to include the text 2025 as well because when you do this, YouTube actually treats it like a fresh little upload and it's going to re-evaluate your video and start another little micro test. And you can also do this with seasonal content, too. For example, let's say you have a video titled summer workout plan. You could just refresh this by updating the title to summer workout plan 2025. or if you're in travel, turn, let's say, top European destinations into something like top European destinations for winter 2025. That kind of stuff. This tiny little change can completely reset your entire click-through rate, and it can help YouTube to retest your video to a brand new audience that's actively searching for that content right now. So, just give it a try. Then, this next one might sound a little scary, but trust me, it works. So, if your video is completely dead after 48 hours, don't be afraid to re-edit the first 15 seconds and then re-upload it as a new video. Here's why. Most videos fail not because the content is bad, but because the hook doesn't grab attention fast enough, and YouTube retention data proves it. You will always see the biggest drop off of viewers within the first 30 seconds. So, if you can fix that, you can completely change how the algorithm treats your video. But if your video is like really dead and not bringing in any views at all, even after you've tried to revive it, like with one of the other methods, then here's what you can do instead. You should test a full re-upload, but instead with an improved opening hook and packaging. And to do this, you just need to make three small but powerful changes. Number one, obviously add a new thumbnail. Number two, try a different title. And number three, rewrite and re-record your first 15 seconds to hook people in better than before. Because like I said, sometimes the video itself is actually perfectly fine. But it could just be that the hook or the first impression has killed it. So just never be scared to re-upload a video with a few tweaks and just go again. And you don't even have to delete the old one if you don't want to. Then the next thing I want you to do is improve your audience signals. And what I mean by this is if your audience isn't watching enough related videos before or after watching your video, then the algorithm basically can't find a proper viewing journey pattern. So in this case, if you have videos that keep dying off after 48 hours, then you need to manually create a mini viewer path. And that's basically where you link your dead video to the best performing ones on your channel. So now I want you to go into your YouTube studio, find all of your best performing videos that are still bringing in a few views here and there, and then do the following. First of all, I want you to go in and pin a link to the top of the comments of each video and the description. And it's basically going to say something like, "If you enjoy this video, give this one a watch next. I'm sure you're going to love it." This means that they'll have another one of your videos to click on to as soon as they're done watching the current one. And then I also want you to add cards and end screens onto those videos as well, which again will point those viewers to your new video. Look, I know this might feel like a lot of work, but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature to you. Doing so will allow you to reconnect the dead video into an active viewer journey, and that is what we want. And then finally, similar to the end screens trick we mentioned right at the start of the video, the final thing I would suggest you do is link all of your shorts to your new video. And you should know by now that YouTube gives you the option to link specific shorts to specific videos. So if viewers see one of your shorts, they will then be automatically suggested one of your long- form videos, too. It's basically going to come up here. It's another handy little trick you can use to drive traffic to a new video. So, I would suggest that every time you post a new video, go into every single shot on your channel and link your latest video to all of them. This will help with that extra few bit of views and exposure. And you could also use a tool like Nexus Clips to clip up those long form videos into shorts because like I said, having shorts directly related to your long form videos is the best way to grow your channel and bring in a very strong audience. So, when you do post out a new video, upload it to Nexus Clips, get the AI tool to clip up into five different shorts from that one video automatically, and then upload those shorts straight away to YouTube and link them all to your long form video. That way, you've posted like five bits of content from one video. And that's five different options of getting views. Anyway, look, if you're struggling to grow on YouTube right now, investing in a YouTube growth course could be the smartest move you'll ever make. Every successful creator you see on YouTube, whether it's Mr. beast, Ali Abdal, or anyone in between has at some point bought a course or paid for some sort of mentorship. Because the truth is, learning directly from the people who've already figured it out is the biggest cheat code to success on YouTube. And that's exactly why I created the YouTube Wealth Academy. I've spent the last 12, maybe even 15 months building it from the ground up. Taking everything I've learned from growing my own free channels and condensing it into one simple step-by-step system for all new, small, and even intermediate creators. Right now, you can grab it with $100 off using code 24 hours. Link is in the description below. But if you're not ready for that just yet, no worries. YouTube thinks that this video on screen right now is the perfect one for you to watch next. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [36 likes]: Work with me here (spots closing soon): https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @SynthhClips [1 likes]: my videos usally get around 2k-30k and completly flatline
help me dude
  3. @EchoesforyouLifetime [1 likes]: This song feels like a midnight memory 🌙✨
I tried creating cinematic English versions of Bollywood classics on my channel “Luna Maria Melodies!” for people who love emotional music and late-night vibes.
  4. @michaelbarics: I am approaching my 100th video and progress is slow and unsteady 😂
  5. @DarkAssassin334: does this work for shorts
  6. @SameHereYaar: What can I do for short form videos?
  7. @tinkabell39: Thaaaaaank you 😊..
Subscribed!
  8. @Found.AllWays: Under 100subs gang 🙌🙌🙌
  9. @noinaycomeo: Thank you for your sharing ❤
  10. @HistoricalFriction1: Thanks for the info! Just getting started
  11. @howienicu: trying my best to at least reach 1000 subs :)
  12. @NoDTVtm: Am I the only one having issues with verifying phone number? How do I fix that, can anyone spoil me please!
  13. @annmunireach1917: I think i get it now
  14. @SweetCandyTime: Good luck everyone 💪🏽
  15. @sweet-family-drama: Nice
  16. @rocketwadster4535: Us small creators need all the help we can get! If a subs video shows up, watch it (even if you have to put it in the background without sound on). If a meager 10% of your subs watched your videos, you would probably have your watchhours within a few months.
  17. @BrainYappp: Hi Guys:> I am small creator
  18. @Ralphyunfiltered: Let’s do it
  19. @simbassquad7350: Small creator here trying to share my cats' lives. This video is really good and I hope others in the comments can show us some love too ❤❤❤❤
  20. @SenselessYogi: Excatlly,..my last video seening good response after this trick

- Here’s The REAL REASON Why YouTube Videos Get More Clicks... (but FAIL to go VIRAL): Kind: captions Language: en And then he was helping somebody with scratch offs. It turns out turns out scratchoff tickets are only good for 60 days after the time of purchase. >> Holy crap. >> Cuz it scans it when you purchase it. >> It knows it's only good for 60 days after that date that it's purchased. Um and there was two old people who were fighting him. And then this lady walks in and I'm clearly standing there waiting to be helped. And she just walks right in front of me. And I was like, "You know what? This is my good deed today. I'm not going to kick your knee out from underneath you." I was just standing there holding a basket, but she's got an arm full of scratchoff tickets. >> Damn. >> So, she goes up behind the other couple and to see what they're doing. She doesn't know them, but I think that's how she was trying to skirt her way in. But then the guy was like, "Come over here." And he moves me over to a different register. And then she looked at me and I was like, "You saw me here, lady." But it's okay. >> I guess if we won a lot on a scratch off, we would go do it. >> But it was like it's been like $10. I think we're out $10 in a ticket at this point. >> We're not even out. Like they were gifts. Like I don't even know how that works. >> Yeah. >> Anyway, here we are. You want >> Oh, hey. I didn't know you were recording. >> Did you want something to sit on? I don't know. >> Um, no. But I do want to angle this differently cuz E trying to get rid of that extra chin I got down here. The lighting is fun. Your drink smells good though. >> Much better. I don't actually know. >> I'm blind now. >> Your screen is so dark. Oh, that did help a little bit. >> It is what it is. >> This is more of an audio podcast. >> We're here. It doesn't matter. >> Antonio Dorman, he uh asked some questions here and and I responded to him, but I accidentally responded to Antonio Beasley cuz it popped up first. And so then Antonio Beasley is like, >> "I don't know what's happening, man. >> That was a good question, but I'm more interested in knowing more about naming videos and creating eye-catching thumbnails." And later on uh in about an hour and a half, I'm gonna jump on with Gungle Billy and we're gonna talk about this also. That'll end up going over on Common Sense Methods, the YouTube coaching channel. But here on Better America, we're going to talk about that naming videos and creating eye-catching thumbnails. Now we have six channels. >> Yes. >> Total. >> And they all six >> monetized channels total. >> Six. Yeah. Six monetized channels. Six that we actually use on a regular basis. And they all have different title and thumbnail strategies. In fact, you just walked in and asked me. >> What did you ask me? >> I said, "Can I say AOC doesn't like black people in a title?" I'm like, "Will that get my wrist slapped by uh YouTube?" Because I don't know. I don't know if you're allowed to say black people or if you're allowed or if you have to say something else. What they always like to say in articles is subsaharan, which I feel is the most racist thing you can say. But >> I saw a new one. Bonnet buffaloos. Bonnet buffaloos. >> Sir, the immediacy in which I would get death threats would be you couldn't even >> I think if you did it, YouTube would slap your hand and say, "Uh-uh, you can't say that." AOC hates everybody. >> That's also true. >> AOC hates everybody. who has more money than her. >> So, >> everyone who's smarter than her. >> You know, everyone who actually earned the right to be where they are and wasn't casted in an audition. >> I mentioned AOC and money shot and then said if you know, you know. And then I told people to Google. So, here's the thing and and this is going to be shared in the coaching community, >> but we talk about a lot of different things here and we talk about politics, we talk about Tesla, we talk about YouTube content creation for which >> um I got something to show you later about our last video, >> retired at 73, starting a YouTube channel, getting monetized. So, I got something to show you about that one. Okay, >> but these are questions that pop up often. And actually, I'll tell you what, I'll start with the first question. And the first question, >> I'm not Antonio Beasley >> from Antonio Dorman was a question about YouTube CTR, thumbnail versus title, click-through rate, the CTR. Hello everyone. Hope all is well. Work's been kicking my butt lately, but I had a quick question. Kevin, what CTR should I realistically be aiming for on my YouTube videos right now? And how do you personally improve it when it's low? Please and thank you. What do you want to say? >> Well, I was going to say that the CTR in my personal opinion doesn't mean anything. And the number doesn't mean anything because if your CTR is low, but it's because they're sending out to hundreds of thousands of people, that's fine. If your CTR is super high, but they've sent it out to literally only that many people, it's not really that great. So, or it's still great. Yeah, it's still great. Like, it just it kind of depends, I guess you could say. Like, generally speaking, if I put a video up, I have a CTR, clickthrough rate anywhere from 22 to 39%, depending on what channel it is. But then I look and it says it's been shown to 400 people. All right, that's cool. Out of 400 people, 22 to 37% were like, I'll click on it. versus my video has been shown to a million people and 11% have clicked. I like that a lot better personally. >> So, there's there's videos and I've seen them and they they do like a mathematical vin diagram of how click-through rate works >> and explaining why viral videos with lots of views have lower clickthrough rates. And it's because they passed the initial test of high clickthrough rate and then were shown to a wider audience and continued to pass that test. But the new wider audience, which is typically the not subscribed in your analytics, it's a hit or miss. You know, for instance, actually, >> we can use my video as a example here. And uh I probably should have been recording this screen the whole time, but whatever. And we'll use my video as an example here. I'm not going to say it went viral. I for some reason to me 600,000 593.3 whatever. Even if it hits 600,000, I don't consider to be viral >> because that's not even double your subs. So that's probably why >> if it hits 600,000 the day I uploaded it, >> that's different. >> But this is four almost 5 days in. Yeah, >> it is what it is. >> That's a normal day then. 100,000 views a day. That's about right. >> It's an interesting case study though. >> Okay. >> Because I think because of how long it's taken to get here >> is why the clickthrough rate is still high. >> Yeah, I was about to say it's still really high cuz it's in the it's in the bright green. >> At one point it was 22. >> Mhm. >> And now it's still 19.3 >> average. Yeah. >> I did not expect it to be that high. Like once you start getting more views and here's the the tab where it says your audience and it's 71% not subscribed. Once it starts going out to not subscribe, YouTube's rolling the dice. And this is pretty high considering how many views it has. And even here you can see what's going on. on YouTube says higher click-through rate from channel subscribers >> and the subscribers of your channel chose to watch this video 22.9% of the time it was shown to them instead of the usual 13 1.5 to 14.8% 8%. And this value differs from the overall click-through rate as subscribers are more likely to choose to watch your videos, 22.9, but it only shows me 19.3. And it's very important that you realize that YouTube has two different click-through rates. It has a clickthrough rate based on your subscribers and then it has an overall click-through rate. >> So, I want to show you guys this. So, I put up a video on my second channel, Skill Tribe 2.0, and I hadn't been there in 151 days. And um when it went up, it had a decent click-through rate um for the day. But I want you to see the over the time cuz it's been up now 50 something days. But you can see the click-through rate based off of how many people it was being shown to daily, whether it was a high click-through rate or a low click-through rate. But it didn't matter cuz the video has 350,000 views on a 43,000 sub channel. >> We'll see. But the clickthrough rate now is an average of 7.6, but it's still getting views. So 7.6 people out of 100 are clicking it. I'm happy with that. >> These numbers can vary. >> Wildly. >> Wildly. and how they start and how they end up just it's is there's never there isn't necessarily a solid answer to the question. >> Um my answer was hey Antonio Beasley wrong Antonio >> great question. CTR or clickthrough rate is one of the biggest levers for growth. And although most YouTube coaching would suggest realistically aiming for a 4 to 7% or greater as a solid target right now, that's average to good for most nichees with 7 to 10% being strong and anything consistently over 10% is excellent. In my experience, anything over 20% and closer to 30% really gets things moving fast. But there are no guarantees. I can show you my analytics and how some near 30% clickthrough rate videos die fast and with less views than others with click-through rates in the teens, but get more views overall. It varies by niche and audience, but below 4% is usually it means it's time to experiment with thumbnails and titles outside of what you have >> for improving when it's low. I study other other creators in my space and reverse engineer what thumbnails and titles are crushing it, getting more views compared to others on the channel. Thumbnails usually have the bigger impact since they're visual, but they have to work together with the title to spark curiosity. I also A and B test a lot in studio and check analytics to see what's working. Hope that helps. Keep grinding. >> Now, can I just say that Antonio Beasley's response where he said, "That was a good question, but I'm more thumbnails." Do you know some people would have been like, "I didn't ask you a fun question like that, you jacket." like they would have been a douche about it, but Antonio Bez was like, >> "That's great." >> Two two two things. One, >> in the school community, you're here for that. >> Yeah. So, there's that. >> And it's also an honest mistake. I I'm not >> falsely randomly soliciting >> negative advice, you know, just trying to get people to like read my post. >> This the other one was >> Antonio responded with uh there must be another Antonio in the school. Lol. >> Antonio Dorman had the clickthrough rate question. >> Thank you for that well thoughtout answer. We got we got to connect one on one somehow. Maybe one of your strategy calls or something. This is frustrating. And I'll show you guys here. If you want to get on a strategy call, it's the first one here. Share my calendar. And you just click the link. And then you can pick a date and time and book your strategy call and complete the checkout. and then we'll talk. And I responded and said, "Hey, you know, my bad on the wrong Antonio, but when you're ready, >> really ready to invest in yourself, book a call." >> I shortly thereafter received a notification and Antonio booked a call and he said, "Strategy booked." So, we're going to talk Thursday. Looking forward to that. Now, Beasley, Mr. Beasley. >> Beasley. All I can think of is a No, that's Weasley. Beas Weasley. What is it in Harry Potter? >> It's Weasley. >> Ron Weasley. Okay, never mind. >> It's not Beasley. >> I know. Take it back. >> And uh he says, "You know, I'm I want to know more about naming videos and creating eye-catching thumbnails." So, I want to give you an answer, >> but eye-catching is kind of like beauty is an eye of the beholder. >> Yeah. I mean, >> how many how many times you think we could do that? you know, um, let's start with naming videos. >> Why are you naming the video? For what reason? >> Cuz I want people to click on it cuz they know AOC is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Okay. So, >> that's why I said former bartender. >> For humor. >> Yes. For humor. >> You want people >> who want that kind of humor. See, it's like why? What is the title is for who? >> Because here's the thing. What this is what I have learned over the years that I have been doing YouTube. I can title it with a, you know, doom and gloom and whatever and get way more views, but those aren't the right ones for this video because I am a sarcastic bi in this whole thing. And I want the people who want that. So, by putting former bartender AOC, you already know what you're going to get when you get in there. So, that's that's what I'm going for. And um I think if you get the right views, sometimes that's better than a lot of views depending on what you're doing. >> Let's talk about a name. Okay. >> There's a power in a name and it's good and bad. >> Oh, that too. Yeah. And so a lot of people abuse the power. So naming videos or titling videos, right? >> But just you got to think about why would you name something or title it in such a way. Ford named their hatch their electric hatchback a Mustang and they named their electric F-150 a Lightning. >> Nostalgia trying to get eyes on it. >> Toyota named their popular sports coupe a Supra. In fact, it's a BMW. like all these names. I mean, >> hey, if I mean my name broke, why fix it? And that how it goes. >> Christopher Nolan is naming Elliot Paige or Ellen Paige or whatever her name is. Uh >> she's going by Elliot these days. >> He's they're going they are going by Elliot and apparently it's supposed to be Achilles, you know. So what's in a name? What's in a name? >> What's in a name? the what's in the name is ultimately who you're trying to reach and for what reason. Yeah. >> And so if you're trying to be nostalgic and reach lightning enthusiasts and Mustang enthusiasts and Supra enthusiasts, you throw that name onto something, maybe it'll work. >> Although if you bought a electric Mustang, you aren't actually a Mustang fan. And if you bought an electric lightning, you aren't actually a Lightning fan. But continue. >> Not at all. So, it's like, you know, um >> I'll give the Supra a pass for weird reasons. Even though I don't really see how a BMW and a Toyota make >> the B58 is a it's a stout engine. The ZR transmission is actually pretty impressive. >> And the Supra looks good. >> Yeah, it does. And it's not I like the Supra. >> Um why are you naming it? That's number one. And so with that, how does it tie into the thumbnail to be eye-catching? I mean, everything is going to be eye-catching for a different reason, for everybody, for every topic. >> It's almost like I think uh I think Alex Roszie, he used this one. He goes, >> "It's the emphasis. I'm going to stop beating my wife today. I'm going to show you how important delivery of a message is. If I say, "I didn't say he hit his wife." If I say it like that, I have neutral tone. If I say, "I didn't say he hit his wife." Then it's like, "I'm not saying that." I didn't say he hit his wife is now saying that like those weren't my words. I didn't say he hit his wife, he's the one to question. I didn't say he hit his wife means like he might have done something else, but he did something to his wife. I didn't say he hit his wife. It could have been somebody else's. I didn't say he hit his wife. It might have been his kid. I'm gonna show you how important delivery of a message is. If I said, >> but depending on where you emphas you put the emphasis, it changes things. >> This is where you insert from that one movie with Gwyneth Poutro and Mike Myers, although he's a full TDS [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right now. You put that you put the wrong and fastest on the wrong sal that airplane movie. The title's emphasis could be based on the thumbnail >> and how eye-catching it is and then how it changes the title. >> Yeah, >> I have a thumbnail in mind, but I don't know if I can get away with it, but we'll see. >> Then on top of all that, if you're targeting a specific audience and niche, well, then you got to look at historic trends of what are they clicking on? >> Or better yet, what is YouTube serving them and showing them that they're clicking on? >> True. So, um, I'd be more interested in knowing more about naming videos and creating eye-catching thumbnails. And I'm glad you're interested. I would say practice makes perfect. Actually, practice >> practice makes better. >> There is no perfect. >> No, not at all. >> Um, you like selfies. You like screenshots. >> Screenshots. I don't like selfies. So, like just taking a screenshot from the video and going, "Hey, that's >> I mean, technically, it's a selfie cuz Yeah, I mean, it's just a it's just a facial, >> but I'm not sitting there doing all the >> She just delivers a facial. >> Whatever. You're going to use that, aren't you? >> There you go. There's that thumbnail." >> And um you like to do that. >> On your main channel. >> It simplifies my life. >> Sometimes you'll write on the screen. >> Sometimes you like to do this. >> Oh, yeah. >> And hold up something. And on the car channel, we do better with the car. We do better with the car. >> I feel like that one makes sense, though. >> And let's let's pull it up real quick. >> As long as you don't pull it out real quick. >> Giggity giggity. >> All right, let's see here. We go to most popular. >> I saw my butt. And the most popular video I think we did better with all of it. The red Tesla. >> Which I borrowed from somebody. It was either Jeremiah Jones or Jebs maybe. I don't remember exactly. >> Then you were in the video. So I used one of your uh older >> pictures >> pictures cuz you had the facial expression that kind of went along with it. >> But it's familiar but different cuz I don't look like that really right now. And I wasn't I don't wear glasses right now. >> But no one was expecting to see you on my car channel. >> Also true. >> Then the words we added on the thumbnail, we regret to inform you, which creates, you know, curiosity of, oh man, what what what went wrong? >> And the title said, I did not get approved for Tesla. >> You know, they're looking at me going, I'm sure she has good credit. What's happened here? Well, we I wanted to reach the people who would be very intrigued and curious of why you weren't approved >> to tell the story that you were approved by Chase. >> Mhm. to to Chase offered the 0.99% promotional financing and I had assumed it would be a tees Tesla financial or some Tesla financial services and it was either Chase or Santander and I don't even know if Tesla offers financing. >> I don't know that name. I don't want to use that name. >> So So you did not get approved by Tesla. You got approved by Chase. >> You know. >> And Yes. Some people were tricked or click tricked. It's trickbait. It's not clickbait. >> I don't think it's trick bait. I think if it if you were going in there hoping it was something and it was something different, that's on you, boo. That's not that's not on us. Like, we don't tell you how to think about it or feel about it, that's just what it is. If you have a preconceived notion and that notion isn't realized in there, that's on you. >> I mean, it's a damn good video. >> I don't mean that in a negative way. >> It's a damn good video. >> Yeah. And I think it's very helpful for a lot of people, but it's also I think just having a good video that's helpful isn't enough. You have to kind of force people to eat their vegetables and take their medicine. >> The one after that was 3 years old. We're not going to use that. It's too old. And the one from a year ago was me and the car, but I think it was the overall excitement >> of the video that really did that. >> And then the one after that is three things I love about my C806. Just the car. >> And I didn't even positive title. >> I didn't use love. I put a heart >> and I leveraged the the the list >> like balls. uh nature of three things that most people are expecting you to hate. >> But I think it was at a time well the channel had a little bit of a it was riding a wave and it was at a time where a lot of people wanted a Z06 so maybe you know um but besides that car then technically your face won but I didn't use any thumbnails with just the car. Oh, >> it's because in that thumbnail I look like the little short dude from the Willow movie. I look like freaking Willow, you ass. I didn't even see that thumbnail. Now I need to go watch that movie. I used to love that movie when I was little. I have no idea why. It's an awful movie, but I loved that movie. >> Well, >> I've never looked more like a hobbit in my mom with she got 9,000 views on this one. I didn't realize that the other day, but I got her. I can't believe you used that face, >> looking a little uh Gollum. >> I'm like I'm like I thought people would click on it. >> I clicked I was like, >> "Wait, what?" I clicked on it immediately. >> And uh just uh real quick then we have the um me and the car, but that one won because I packaged it as a problem. >> And yeah, um >> my C8 Z06 has given me nothing but problems. The catch is they were all good problems. Mhm. >> Die. Then we had the car which is 3 years old. So we don't usually count that one. So I mean honestly I'm split. Car your face. I'm split. >> And um I you know it's like this is this channel. >> Your channel is different. Your second channel is different. The coaching channel is different. And you only really truly discover your flow and your vibe and what your audience would want and YouTube's going to push after you test a few things. >> Oh yeah. >> For which I don't even think >> you've done any research >> on what other people are clicking on in your niche. You just decided that's how you want to do it. And cuz you don't make thumbnails. You're like, >> I don't edit. You know, >> I mean, I make my thumbnails is I still use a screenshot from the video and then I'll go like Google somebody's face and I'll just slap it right on top of my picture because I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I that's that's literally it. I don't I don't think you need for me the big production because my videos aren't the big production. It would feel inauthentic to me to have this massive productive thumbnail and then on the inside it's my ass in the driver seat of my car or on the stool at my vanity in the bathroom. Like we did do those for a while when you were helping me with them and they they worked well, but I for me just like doing my own easy peasy kind of thing. I've tried to do it where I'm not even into thumbnails. That was bomb. >> I will say this, when I offered you the template, they worked well sometimes. >> And here's why they didn't work well all the time. It's because I didn't know the video. >> That's true. I didn't know the video >> cuz I would make the video and be like, "Babe, I need a thumbnail with this person on it and maybe these words or this person and maybe these words." And he's like, "I'm shooting in the dark here, but sure, let's see what happens." >> I didn't know the video. And so, you know, I think the better thumbnails are the ones that are built with and for the video in mind. Uh, but we had a template, but I didn't know the video. Mhm. >> So, it's hard to have that cohesive harmonious, you know, like synergy between title, thumbnail, video that pulls in that gets impressions, gets clicks, and also serves massive satisfaction early when you don't know the video. >> Yeah, I agree. >> So, titles and thumbnails have a lot to do with the video. Like, it's all it's, you know, you don't want to just like you you got to have the total package. You really do. You remember when we went to Utah >> and we were at Stephen Gardner's house >> and he had said something. This is, you know, this is back when he was recording in his home studio there >> and he says, "I'm not trying to be funny. I just don't know how to make >> And he would just hold up a piece of paper every day and this is Yeah. and just smile. And I'm like, "You're putting out this negative stuff." You're like, "Superman." >> No, no, no. This is stimulus. >> Oh, stimulus. Okay, that made sense. That made more stimulus. Yeah, >> I don't know how to make thumbnails, so I just >> Well, Clear Value Tax, same thing. He's just some dude just >> D uh was it David? His name David. >> Clear Value Tax Guy. I don't know his actual name. >> John J. >> I call him Glenn and that feels racist, but it's only cuz I think of The Walking Dead for >> I can't remember his name, but either way, yeah, it just hit me. His name's Brian. Bri I'm pretty sure it's Brian. I think he just chose to stand there because his background intentionally started getting more and more barren. Yeah. It had a plan. It had a filing cabinet and eventually it was just nothing. >> And you know, so >> yours and other people's like, I don't have the ability, the skill to make thumbnails, so I'm just going to use my face. You know, >> that's what you're going to get on the inside. Might as well give it to you on the outside, too. You know, now if you can think ahead and use facial expressions and, you know, certain things to get people to click, that could be helpful. Like I said, >> do you not realize how many facial expressions I make in random ass life? I've always got plenty to choose from in a video, no matter what. >> So anyway, there's I don't have a concrete answer. You know, everybody >> what >> I just I had a like an epiphany earlier that I can never Botox or do any of that kind of stuff cuz I'll ruin my thumbnails. I won't ever be able to make a facial expression again. So, for YouTube purposes, I'm just going to get old and craggly. It'll be fine. >> I'm going to show one of your best ones. >> We're going to we're going to end on a high note and you're going to explain this if I can find it. >> It's the bonnet, isn't it? >> It is. >> I know it. You've already passed it. It's right there. >> There it is. I got a haircut and uh I just wanted to show them, but I didn't want to I didn't want to do it the the the normal way cuz if you look the one before I have long hair and then the one Well, these aren't in order, but one before I had long hair and the one after these in order. >> They are. >> Yeah, this is Oh, no. >> Yeah. So, I cut all my hair off cuz it was hot as balls in the middle of, you know, the Alabama butt crack of Florida. So, I cut all my hair off and um changed the color and everything. And so I started the video with me not even in the video, just off the side going, "Guys, I have something I have to tell you. I need to show you. You're either going to love it or you're going to hate it. This might be the end of us. This could be our breakup moment. I don't know." And so I walked out with the shower cap on and I I talked to them for probably 4 minutes before I ever took the shower cap off. And it was just fun. Like I had fun with it and it did very well. >> So now you know. So if you see a new 2.0 video with a shower cap on, you'll know. No, it's going to be a like a I don't even know what to call it. >> A do-rag. >> No, I'm a girl. Like a bonnet. >> I have this this one that I ordered for like plopping. It's called plopping when you want your curls. >> No, that's a So, cuz I have naturally wavy hair, but I want it to like do its thing. So, I ordered these plopping hair thingyamajiggies, but they look like something from the Aunt Jamaima bottles. I don't know what they're called. And it looks like old school like that. >> Hijab. >> Hell no. >> That's what it's that's not it's not a burger. It's a I was thinking about what Ilhan >> Yeah. Yes. >> Or if you if you full face it >> I don't think >> that's actually what it's called. I did a whole video about it. I did a whole ass video about it. >> That's a burka. >> No, the burka is the one that something. But the the nijab is the one that covers your whole face with just your eyes out. You >> learn something new every day. >> Mhm. that lady who ran for something and somewhere and she went in there with a dirty ass sweatshirt and some sweatpants and toes out and a job on and that was her official >> as far as dirty ass I mean John Federman's rocking sweatshirts all the time. >> John Federman had a stroke so we're going to give him a pass. But >> yeah, but his are clean. >> And he's the size of freaking Hagrid. So >> you shouldn't be judged by the quality of your sweatshirt but the content of your character. You should also be judged by the quality of your stuff. >> Well, speaking of judging, your video is going to be judged book by the cover. >> Title and thumbnail [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matters, you know. And then from there, nothing draws a crowd like a crowd. >> So, you know, >> that's why people always like, I can't see how many people liked your video. How many people liked your video? Why does it matter? I will say all of them liked it. Don't worry. If you have videos that are recent that you can look back on, sort them by most popular and see which see if you can draw any connection to the types of thumbnails that work well. >> It's exactly what I told um Rebel Homesteading, I don't remember the full name of her channel, um in school. She kept making videos and I'm like, "Honey, I love you. Look at what's worked. The ones that her and her husband did about CDLs, whether it was him driving or what was going on with CDLs in the country, were clearly the top winners." and she listened and made another CDL video and I bet it did pretty well. >> So, we're gonna end on that and it's Silver Rebel Homestead >> and she did make another CDL video >> and I'm not going to say it didn't do well. What I'm going to say is >> make more. >> make more CDL videos with different title, different topics, different thumbnails. Make a few more and see. And then also give this one time because this one is super specific to anyone who knows what FMCSA is. I don't. Me either. >> But if you said every truck driver on the road needs to know this, I may be interested even though I'm not a truck driver >> because I want to know what it is because truck drivers are around me all the time on the freeway and I want to know what's happening. Uh, now granted, prior to 130 views, >> that's what I was just looking at cuz the ebikes is huge right now and all these little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass kids riding around that have no clue how to drive a car, but riding ebikes out. >> Deadlines. Deadlines are big. >> deadlines get clicks. >> So, anyway, it all depends. And uh if you ever want to talk about yours specifically, then you could join the school and you could put up a thread, a post, you could message and you know DM or you can book a strategy call or join us on a, you know, the live group coachings. Those are free when we do them. We'll probably have another one coming up >> on a Saturday soon. >> But >> just keep trying, keep testing, keep researching, keep, you know, um it's trial and error. It's trial and error to a degree and then once you figure out what isn't the error >> I just keep doing it. Like I just keep doing it. Like I am not sitting here trying to rack my brain on what my thumbnail is going to be. I change one picture and I change one line of text. That is it. >> For a week or two, he got to be in his bonnet and decided to try something different and then said, "Well, never mind. go back to what I know. >> Yeah. I mean, you know. >> But hey, that's that's the other thing. You can do anything you want. You can do anything you want. It's your job. You can do anything you want whenever you want to do it. Then you can come back. And look, even those like this one got 24,0003,003,000. Um, >> you know, >> the right title helps. >> The the right title, the right topic. Know your audience. Get to know your audience. >> And also, I'll give you one more nugget. Get to know your audience because it may not necessarily be who you want it to be or you think it is. As I created a channel for YouTube coaching and in its first day of monetization made $41. >> Nice. >> But also >> it's car people. >> The audience is car people. Yep. >> Now the audience is actually us. >> Us. >> The audience is us. >> Uhhuh. And then Jebs. >> Jebs, which is not just car people. Tesla. >> Tesla. Okay. and my mom. >> Uhhuh. >> Which she started making some Tesla videos. And then Tesla. Tesla. Tesla. >> Jeremiah Jones. >> And she's now Tesla. >> I don't know exactly what he is, but he's not Tesla. Cobra is Tesla. We don't. And everyday Chris is Tesla. >> And then what they're watching is Tesla and a little bit of retirement. Tesla. Tesla cancels. Negative. Ryan Shaw. Tesla urgent, you know, deadlines, urgency. >> So, it's like, hang on, hang on, hang on. >> I wanted my audience to be >> primarily YouTube coaching. I thought they would be primarily YouTube coaching, but YouTube's analytics is telling me that they're actually Tesla. >> Well, 2.0, where I do not say anything political, my audience is politics. >> And then the the trend, I'm not even going to get into that cuz this makes zero sense right now. But the point is get to know your audience. >> Have you know varying conversations, test titles and thumbnails, track the data, review, implementation and optimization. Okay. And that is a core principle when it comes to our common sense methods school coaching which is implementation and optimization. Today's video is brought to you by Chapter. Chapter Medicare Advisors provide seniors with excellent care. A fast, simple, free phone call to 270-467-2426 can, on average, having saved $1,100 a month on Medicare costs and health care premiums, sifting through thousands of Medicare options for coverage that really fits your lifestyle. Chapter, it's a free call, no bias, and they simply want to help. Call them now at or visit them at askchapter.org/kevvin. Their phone number and hyperlink to their website can be found down below in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahkapustic1881 [4 likes]: I’ve watched so many videos from you guys I don’t read the title or look at the thumbnail. I must be a unicorn 🦄 😂😂😂
  2. @mariacraig4687 [3 likes]: 👋
  3. @mariacraig4687 [2 likes]: I did not know that
  4. @GoodIntentions68 [1 likes]: 🙋...
  5. @BettyAycock-s1l: All of a sudden  all of your videos seem to start like ya'll are in the middle of a conversation and it's on the posts for bothe of you on all channels. Is this something YouTube has started doing. I miss the introduction. Now I feel like I have missed something.
  6. @paulasnyder226: Hey Michelle and Kevin , I hope yall go vote 🙏🇺🇸 I just heard the dems are winning in Florida  🥴

- YouTube Stopped Recommending Your Videos? Fix THIS now: Kind: captions Language: en if YouTube isn't recommending your videos it's obviously because something isn't working and right now it's holding your channel back but the good news is there's an easy fix so in this video I'll show you exactly what's stopping YouTube from pushing your content and how you're going to fix it now the first reason why YouTube isn't pushing your videos could be because you haven't fully optimized your account yet now a lot of people either forget to do this or simply just don't know this option exists and it's extremely common amongst new channels so when you set up a new account YouTube basically has no idea who you are or what you're about so naturally it's going to struggle to understand who to show your videos to but this is where Channel tags come in now I'm going to guess that most of your channels will look like this which might be the reason many of you are not getting any views whereas your channel should actually look like this so to find your channel tags go to Studio click on settings and then click on channel now it's essential you fill these out and be as thorough as possible because these tags essentially allow you to tell YouTube what your channel is about and who the algorithm should show your content to now you have up to 500 characters worth of info to give about you and your Niche you can either fill these out yourself using tags that directly relate to you your channel and your Niche or if you're struggling with what to fill out use a tag generator like rapid tags just to put your niche in here and then it will spit out some tags related to that Niche you can then put these in here and the algorithm will now know exactly who to push your videos in front of which is a really easy fix and so that brings us on to another method needed to optimize your profile which is your channel description now this area here provides a fantastic area for SEO optimization just like your channel tags it is 100% recommended that if your videos still aren't getting many views you need to make sure you fill this out correctly now again it basically just tells YouTube who you are what your channel is about and it will ultimately help the algorithm in showing your content to the Right audience now to access this head to YouTube Studio click on customization and then scroll down here to description now the best way to do this is literally just by describing what your channel is about describing the niche you want to go into and then adding some keywords in there too along with Channel tags having your description optimized as well will really help YouTube position your account within the right Niche and it will Aid it when it pushes your videos out from now on now the next three things I recommend you do to help YouTube recommend your content is actually to do with your upload process now firstly again this is similar to the channel tags but in this case it's specific to each video you post so when you upload a new video you're going to have to go through the entire process of adding titles thumbnails descriptions tags hashtags and all of that and every video you post should have its own unique optimization that is tailored to each video however to save time and to make sure each video optimization directly matches and Al lines with your channel I would suggest you need to complete your upload defaults like this too so again to access this click on settings then click on upload defaults now I always leave title free because obviously the title changes each time I do a new video but for the description I always include links to my socials first and then under there I have a two sentence long SEO section which includes my Niche keyword at least three times it reads this video is a travel Vlog in as part of our Lux travel series subscribe to our Channel if you love travel so in that the keyword travel was mentioned three times and then after this I'll have four hashtags all related to travel 2 so whatever Niche you're in you should make sure you do something similar include your Niche key word in as much as you can but make sure it's done naturally and organically like don't just like copy and paste the same word 50 times because that simply just won't work now after that I always set my visibility to unlisted first and down here I always have these filled out which are the video tags so every time I upload a new video all of these tags here will automatically be added to it so I don't need to go in and do them manually every single time now as you can see I've only filled up half the 500 character limit and that's because these tags are standard tags for my channel they are pretty much the same as my channel tags we did earlier but I will always leave space for video specific tags that will add later on for each video so make sure yours looks like this but for your own Niche then on advanced settings I always go in and turn automatic chapters off because I like to do my own video chapters as YouTube doesn't always get it right I always tick dubbing which gives YouTube the option to dub your videos and translate them into different languages and lastly I always leave comments on with no moderation okay so now another thing to consider is that YouTube might not be recommending your videos because you don't fully understand what content resonates with your audience yet it can be tough sometimes especially being a small YouTuber to know exactly what type of content works well and what doesn't but this is where a tool like tube buddy can actually be really helpful their new Niche insights tool allows you to compare your channel against your competitors in terms of views or subscribers like here I've got nine competitors in my Niche and within the leaderboard section it puts my channel up against theirs to see who's performing better but what's even more useful is this section here the content standouts this has basically analyzed every single video posted by all of my competitors and it's identified the best performers and this gives me a really useful insight into exactly what types of videos work well in my Niche like the best video so far is how to get out a small Channel Hell by my friend Nate black nearly 400,000 views and over 12 times better than his channel average or this one how to get more views in 2 minutes by Marcus Jones a million views which is 15 times better than his channel a average so now I can take these proven Concepts and use them on my own channel but whilst it's good to know what's doing well it's also good to know what isn't doing too well as well so we can stay away from that so here we have the low performance and this section is really important to keep an eye on because it shows exactly what types of videos you should stay well away from now if you want access to this information I'd suggest giving to Buddy a try you can get their Pro Plan for $6 a month which is really good value for money if you are interested guys link is in the description below okay so now that is your channel optimized and your upload defaults done too but there's two more really simple and easy tricks you can utilize for more recommendations and these two crop up during the upload process of each video now some of you will already have these switched on but some of you may not so let's quickly make sure you have so when you're uploading a video I always want you to make sure you have allow embedding switch on turning this on is a simple but powerful way to get free external traffic and boost your YouTube views now when enabled your videos can be embedded into blogs news sites forums and even social media Pages meaning people can watch them without needing to visit YouTube directly this increases watch time it improves your video's ranking and helps Drive in new subscribers however if you disable this setting it will block those potential views so always keep this turned on to maximize exposure and let the web help you and distribute your content for you and last but not least we have enabling places mentioned which is really good for both local and Global Discovery enabling this setting actually helps YouTube and Google recognize locations in your videos making them more likely to appear in local search results and travel related recommendations so if you mention a city or a landmark or a region YouTube May automatically tag it boosting visibility to users searching for Content about that specific place this is especially powerful for travel food events or Vlog Style videos as it increases the chances of appearing in Google search results as well now to do this I'll run through one of my best performing travel Vlogs here now this travel Vlog in particular was from Mumbai India so to benefit from this you always need to add the location of that place in the location setting here but also mention the location in your description as much as you can naturally like this but also in the hashtags and then down here in the tags too and then finally if you can in the title now I always used to include each country's flag in the title too just to help with that extra bit of SEO so by strategically optimizing and tagging specific locations you can attract both local and Global audiences bringing in more organic views without any extra effort now for those of you lovely bench that are still with me me and my team have been working tirelessly behind the scenes creating the best YouTuber Academy out there for 2025 it has well over 10 years of the best YouTube growth knowledge to help you guys hit your first 10 or 100,000 subscribers and I will also give every single one of you the opportunity to make money even if you don't have any subscribers yet it's going to have hundreds of lectures and hours and hours of videos on how to grow every single aspect of your YouTube channel and it will also have the biggest community of YouTubers all supporting each other so if you're interested in becoming a founding member of this Academy sign up with the d The Creator link below in the description now the academy should be released on the 21st of March so if you're watching this video after the 21st of March hit that link in the description and join my Academy I promise you you won't regret it thanks very much for watching I hope you enjoyed it I hope you learned something I guess I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [295 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Randomcontentstudios [1 likes]: But I do random stuff so I can't really use them tips
  3. @HEY-w3o: Any small content creators here for supporting each other?
  4. @SigmaSigmaMC: I haven’t grown in 3 months 😭🥀
  5. @JaypeeMahn-Jaypeerp6sx: Please I'm interested ❤all the way from 🇵🇬Papua New Guinea
  6. @PetstudioAi26: I’d like to ask for some advice—I started a new channel in January and posted 6 short videos, but then I stopped for three months. Now, I want to take it seriously and manage it properly. Should I continue using the current channel, or should I start a new one? I'm asking because the two videos I posted recently have very few views—less than 10 people watched them! 😂
  7. @SimplyCarol-rk2vy: Small YouTubers let’s go😊
  8. @Nature018enthusiast: 😮😮
  9. @Johntvy67: lets go
  10. @Scenic_Seeker: My shorts was stuck, I did few changes watching this video and helped me to get a sudden boost in number of views. Thanks Man.
  11. @IgorAndJane: Didn't know about channel tags. I learned something new from your video. Thanks 👍.
  12. @SimpleMelodicMovements: Nice information
  13. @Tik_Blaise_Official1: You are the best one
  14. @zahidexplain-v3r: So we should upload video in yt studio desktop mode?
  15. @souravbanik2009: Great information ❤
  16. @kamikaiju_8: Support...
  17. @Editor_Jke7: Small content creators here 😊
  18. @trexeIe: Wish me luck I just a new channel yesterday and it’s my first time
  19. @DamianCiortea: Im from mobile and I dont fucking now where the setting with chanale is
  20. @Manhwa-hub-j1e: YouTube is hiding my videos even when i searched for the videos titles it doesn't show up at all instead I get a message saying this title isn't available on YouTube

- This ONE YouTube Mistake Stops Videos From Going Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered why some YouTubers get millions of views from just one video while others keep uploading for years and still struggle? Is going viral on YouTube just luck or is there a hidden formula behind it? The truth is creators who go viral are not more talented than you. The big question is virality luck or is there a precise formula? We'll uncover that today. Viral creators simply understand how the YouTube algorithm works. It's a system and they know the rules. In today's video, I'm going to reveal seven secrets that can help any small creator go viral. Understanding these tricks might change your life forever. Let's start with the fundamental question. Why does YouTube push some videos to millions of people? YouTube doesn't care about making creators famous. It only cares about keeping viewers happy. If people engage, YouTube thinks the video is interesting and pushes it to more viewers. Here's the biggest mistake 90% of creators make. They create videos they personally like instead of creating what their audience actually wants to watch. Remember this, the creators who understand audience psychology are the ones who grow fast on YouTube. Focus on the viewers needs and desires. Now for secret number two, the hook. A weak hook is the fastest way to kill your video. Today, people's attention span is extremely short. If the first 5 seconds of your video are boring, viewers will instantly swipe away. Don't open with a boring, "Hey guys, welcome back to another video," style greeting. It tells YouTube the video isn't engaging. Instead, use a strong hook like, "One mistake that is secretly killing your YouTube growth." This creates curiosity, which is the biggest weapon of viral video. Secret number three focuses on what happens after the hook, retention. Most people think views are everything, but in reality, YouTube promotes watch time. If people watch your video until the end, YouTube pushes it harder. Successful creators use techniques like changing camera angles, adding zoom effects, using sound effects, and making fast cuts to prevent viewers from getting bored. Here's a secret. Every 5 to 7 seconds, something new should happen. A new visual, a new emotion, or a new piece of information. Boring videos are the biggest enemy of the algorithm. Finally, let's talk about the most important part of getting viral, your thumbnail and title. The truth is, even an amazing video can fail if the thumbnail is weak. People notice the thumbnail first and decide whether to click or ignore. A powerful thumbnail needs three things: emotion, curiosity, and simplicity. Avoid adding too much text. The best thumbnails say less and create more curiosity. A great title should create a question inside the viewer's mind. Think this trick changed my life. Or YouTube algorithm secret exposed. Remember, getting the click is the first battle. Apply these seven secrets to make your next video go viral.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoldenCrazyMusic [3 likes]: Good video for new creater ❤
  2. @poojameghwal-t7h [3 likes]: Nice informative videos for creater
  3. @OrthoElectiveOT [2 likes]: super informative video hai shoud watch new creaters

- How To Easily Create Viral Videos For Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en No more excuses. Viral videos are easier to make now than ever before. Most people think you need expensive gear and years of formal media production training to make high quality videos that get results. It's not true. I've gone down both road to see. I've made videos using just my phone that blew up and went viral and I've made videos with a bunch of fancy camera gear that also blew up. Most of us, I'm sure I've seen videos on social media that go viral, and they're nothing fancy from a production standpoint. People go viral with just their phone and some very basic knowledge of media production. I've made over 500 videos in the last two years, and I've gained over 100,000 followers across all my social media pages. So guys, I've tested it all, everything from quick and easy to make cell phone videos to videos that take months to plan, film and edit with all kinds of fancy camera gear. And one thing I've noticed that is the absolute most important thing that contributes to a video going viral is two things. The first is your planning, and the second is your execution. Planning is everything to do with your overall marketing strategy. Script shot list execution is everything to do with actually filming, editing and making the video. So in this video, I'm mainly going to be focusing on short form vertical video content for social media. And by now you're probably wondering how do you plan that kind of stuff and how do you execute it? So let's go ahead and break that down. And I promise it's not as scary as you think. All right. So first, we're going to talk about planning and conceptualization. Now, I know you might want to skip ahead, but please don't, because this is literally the most important part when it comes to video or any type of media production. You always need to think about who you're making the video for. Video is a communication tool, so if you don't know who you're going to be communicating with, then chances are you probably won't be doing any sort of communication. So first things first you need to determine your target audience and what they want. Now, this doesn't need to take months of research and calculations or anything intense like that. It can really be as simple as asking yourself, Who are you making this content for? Let's say aspiring video creators has an example. Now, what would video creators want to see? Well, they probably want to learn the basics about how to make viral videos This way they can make it for themselves and they can make it for their clients. Do you see where I'm going with this? And that was my exact thought process for creating this exact video that you're watching right now. So you will have the best chances of making viral videos for social media if you make content based around something that you already know or have some degree of knowledge in. Now, when it comes to pre-production, which is the part where you start scripting and shortlisting your video and you can stick to a very basic content structure for your script, and it goes like this. Your hook slash intro, your body, and then your conclusion. It's kind of like writing an essay. Start your script off with a hook. A hook is anything that evokes curiosity and makes the viewer want to watch the rest of the video. A hook can be visual, it can be audio. It can be text on screen. It can be something that you say in the first 3 seconds of your video. Or it could just be a combination of all of them. And not only that, but a good hook will promise a payoff at the end of the video, something that the viewer gets to finally experience or realize once they make it to the end. The hook is arguably the most important part of the script, because if the first 3 seconds of your video doesn't appeal to the viewer, then they'll just keep scrolling. The next part of your script is the body. The body can be the main points that you make that lead up to your conclusion. But remember, you don't just want to blurt out a bunch of points. You want to weave it together into a story. And a good story will always incorporate conflict and resolution or problem and solution. And then comes the conclusion you see the conclusion is what the viewer has been waiting for all along. It's the payoff. It's the moral of the story. It's the reward for watching until the end. But we're not done yet, since at this point you have the viewer's attention and they've made it all the way to the end of the video. Now's your chance to give the viewer a call to action. This way they can either, like, follow comment or share your video. And it's a good way to prompt the viewer, letting them know how they can see more of your content. So now that you're done writing the script, next up is the shot list. Chances are, unless you plan on talking directly to the camera the whole time, which I would advise against, because it does get boring, then you're going to want to have what's called B-roll. B-roll is the footage that you capture to cut in between a talking head shot. So right now what you're looking at is just me talking to the camera. This is called a talking head shot or also your a roll and B-roll is what you cut in between this main footage. I'll do it right now and we'll cut back to April and I'll cut to be wrong. I think you get the point. Cutting to B-roll or changing up the image on screen every few seconds helps make your video less boring. So for your B-roll shot list, you want to make a list of all the shots that you need to fully tell the story that you're trying to tell, because your B-roll needs to be relevant to what's actually being said in the video. You can't just cut to something totally random. You have to cut to something that makes sense or helps explain whatever it is that you're saying on camera. And because of that, I recommend making your shot list after you write your script. Or you could also do it as you're writing your script. Now, I know we spent a lot of time talking about strategy and planning, but I hope you realize by now that this is so important to making videos. Next, let's talk about the technical aspect of setting up and filming your videos. I'm going to show you how to make high quality videos with the best camera on the market. The iPhone played with your expectations a bit. You didn't see that coming, did you? Now, the reason I say this is the best camera on the market is because the best camera is the one that you have. And it's amazing because you can plan, shoot and edit your videos all with your phone. Now, first things first. Before you start recording, you need to get your settings right. I'm using an iPhone 12, but most phones should have these options. When you film yourself talking to the camera and you want to set your camera to record at the highest resolution possible, and you're going to want to set it to 24 frames per second. This will give you the most detail and look the most natural. Now, you may be worried about the image quality that your phone can produce, but you see, the thing is that image quality is more about lighting and not so much the camera that you're using. All you need to know about lighting is that you should have at least one main light source for your face. And the bigger the light source, the better it will look. I'm using a video light with a soft box, but if you don't have one, then you can film yourself next to a large window during the daytime. The next thing you need to know is composition. When filming yourself vertically for social media, composition is very easy, and that's because your subject pretty much should always be centered along the center line of the frame. Now it's time for audio. You see, good audio is also very easy because no matter what Mike you use, as long as it's close to the audio source, which is your mouth, then it will sound its best. As you can see, my mike's right here. The key to good audio is clarity. If it's hard to hear what you're saying, then it will kill your video. Okay, great. So at this point, we've covered all the basics when it comes to setting up your camera and audio and lights and everything like that. Now let's talk a bit about actually presenting to the camera. Now, the more confident and natural you feel on camera, the better your video will perform. This is because people are attracted to confidence and being confident also positions you more as an authority and there's no way to cheat this stuff. You just have to put in the reps and practice over and over and over again. But I do have some tips for you that might help make it easier. As you talk to the camera, you want to pretend like you're talking to a friend. And the good thing is, is that if you're in a studio or you're at home, you don't have millions of eyeballs looking at you in that very moment. It's just you by yourself with a camera. There's no pressure. You can always stop recording and then try it again and again and again. Also, another great tip is that the more prepared you are, the more confident you will be and come across on camera. So this is even more of a reason to do your pre-production. Okay, great. We've recorded the content. Now comes the editing. When it comes to video editing for virality, you don't want to overcomplicate it. Use whichever video editing software you're most familiar with. They all pretty much do the same thing if you're totally new to this stuff and you want the easiest way to edit videos, I would recommend using some of the easier softwares like CapCut. As long as you can cut clips up and sequence them properly, then you're pretty much good to go. But when you're editing your videos, one important thing to keep in mind is that you want to always cut out all the dead space between your clips. So that means that even if there's a half second where you're not talking and it's just quiet, you want to cut that space out, you've got to make every second count. That's because the algorithms are going to judge your video based on percentage viewed. So you need to make sure you're cutting out everything that's not contributing to telling the story. With short form video for social media, less is more. Something to keep in mind is that you want to use pattern interrupts as much as possible when editing your videos for maximum virality. You need to do something to keep the image from looking the same for too long. Now you also want to pay attention to the pacing of your video. Try to keep a consistent pace by making sure that your cuts are somewhat evenly spaced out unless you're going for a specific, creative look and feel. Now, the last thing is adding captions. Captions are for people who stumble upon your video when they happen to be in a loud area or a quiet area like a library where they can't listen to your video out loud. And on top of that, they also give the viewer something else to look at and something else to hold their attention. So you spent all your energy planning and producing your video. It's finally ready to upload and make you go viral. But wait, there's a few more things you need to make sure of. Firstly, you need to tell the social media algorithms what your video is about so that they can show it to the right. People need to write out a caption for your video. Your caption needs to capture the essence of what your video is about and use keywords specific to the target audience that you're trying to hit. Hashtags can also be used to help guide the algorithm in the right direction. You want to use hashtags that are relevant to the video. Now, once your video is live, there's a few things you need to do to help that video go viral. First is engage with the comments as soon as possible. You can ask your viewers questions in the comments and actually try to facilitate a discussion or conversation around the topic of your video. And this works really well because if the viewer watches your video and then comments on your video, the algorithm will know that your video is really resonating with your audience. So they'll push it out to more people. So after you're done all this stuff that we've talked about, the next tip for maximum virality is to just post more content. You'll get better at identifying what type of content and topics your target audience wants to see. I hope you make use of these tips that I just shared to help you make better videos and go viral on social media. They've definitely helped me, and if I can do it, so can you. If you want to find out how to create an irresistible Instagram account, please sign up to our Instagram Academy Online course. Tap on the link in the description to find out more about the Instagram Academy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kamila-2301 [58 likes]: thanks for the tips! and where do you edit?? i've recently been using movavi for my pr vids, pretty good tho
  2. @contifarm [1 likes]: simple and spot on
  3. @iPhone_Photography_School: Discover the proven formula to create an irresistible Instagram account here: http://iphone.to/instagram-academy-ytw9
  4. @chimasimeon6851: Cool video
  5. @Embrace.Nature.Belgium: I subscribed man now teach me! I got successfull insta and fb pages but struggling on tiktok and yotube!
  6. @anthonyorafferty5632: Great ,just what I need 'simple & concise'.
  7. @Margiftasia: Amazing ❤

- How to create online video teaching content: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to talk you through five things that you can do to improve your video teaching content [Music] hi my name is greg martin i've produced a lot of online video teaching content and over the years i've discovered a lot of what to do and what not to do and i'm going to talk you through the big lessons learned in this video today first i'm going to tell you what not to do do not take your 45 minute lecture powerpoint slides and make a video recording of you talking over those slides that simply doesn't work it's not engaging when it comes to online and video content so the first big lesson learned here is keep your videos short right and what do i mean by short i mean try and keep things to about 10 minutes if you've got content that's longer than 10 minutes try to find ways of breaking it up into smaller bite-sized chunks and the second big lesson learned is of course eye contact is important a big screen full of powerpoint text no good not engaging what people want is they want eye contact you want to be staring into the camera and talking because it makes people feel as if you're talking to them it's engaging and that's important now let me just say this you don't need to go out and spend a whole lot of money on a very expensive camera it's not necessary the camera that's built into your laptop just the webcam that's probably good enough if you've got a computer that doesn't have a webcam let's say you're using a desktop you might want to go out and buy some sort of webcam logitech produce an excellent relatively cheap 4k camera that's going to give you quality over and above what you need for your purposes a quick tip if you're using the camera the webcam built into a laptop so it's built into the screen of the laptop you want to get a few books or something just to build up the height of the laptop so that the camera is at eye level right you want to be looking at the camera sitting comfortably your shoulders back head up looking straight at the camera if you leave the laptop on your desk you've got to stoop down over the computer to look at the camera and it looks a little bit odd it's a small thing but it makes a big difference i've said that you can use the camera that's built into your laptop and that's just fine that's not the case when it comes to sound when it comes to sound the microphone that's built into your laptop is not good enough for you to make engaging video teaching content you want to get some sort of external microphone you don't need to get something super duper expensive any kind of cheap microphone that you plug into your laptop will do the trick i recommend the yeti microphone it's excellent the quality of sound that you'll get from it is absolutely superb now when it comes to lighting again you don't need to go out and spend a whole lot of money on very expensive lights you can do that and if you really want to get into this and produce sort of high-end video teaching content there's nothing wrong with that and and if you go down that route i would recommend the elgato lights i think they're very easy to use you've got a lot of control over the brightness et cetera et cetera so look into that but if you're not wanting to spend money but you still want to get excellent light natural light is the very best you want to sit in front of a large window with a lot of natural light falling onto you the light needs to come onto you not from behind you otherwise it causes shadow on your face right so natural light from a large window with your you sitting in front of that window will give you excellent lighting and you'll get a really fantastic good quality film with just that let me just say this you don't need to have all sorts of fancy graphics and animations to make your video engaging what makes your video engaging is you looking into the camera and coming across as excited about the content that you're teaching if you're excited if you're interested you send a message to the people watching the video that they can and should be excited and interested too now if you want to learn more about how to create engaging online video teaching content then go to learnmore365.com i've got a course there that goes into a lot more detail on each of these things so learn more 365.com see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @annerewey4023 [3 likes]: Excellent - very clear details and super relevant information!
  2. @gregmartin [2 likes]: Get my FREE cheat sheets for Public Health, Epidemiology, Research Methods and Statistics (including transcripts of these lessons) here: https://www.learnmore365.com/courses/public-health-epidemiology-research-methods-and-statistics-resource-library
  3. @kai09892 [2 likes]: Just when i was about to do my first german class on youtube using powerpoint😂😂😂. Gotta do it diffrently then. The tip that students need to see you talking to them, and seeing your excitement is gold.
  4. @dennislitwin1584 [1 likes]: This is very helpful, short and sweet, thank you.
  5. @opeyemicharles7 [1 likes]: Your teaching is superb. I love it. Charles Opeyemi from Nigeria.
  6. @apollorachael5346 [1 likes]: nice
  7. @TeacherG-ESL [1 likes]: Simply inspiring! Thank you so much👊🏼
  8. @LiyongaJako: How to write a informal letter
  9. @VPT_: I love your videos.
Please which app did u use to make this particular video
  10. @Rapi97-s9t: Simple and effective explanation.
  11. @isaacdavidson6641: In which app you edit sir?
  12. @syriafi: Watch this useful channel
  13. @bachaewunetu5458: your videos are always makes me happy and i liked it very well. please would you mind if you prepare  a videos on spss training? because i have already seen your videos on R studios,it was vey good and easy to understand. keep it up you're my hero
  14. @Angg-i: Help may subscribe
  15. @DaniellePoissant-bk5zk: Hi Greg,

Love your content, curious what software you use to make videos like this? I'm looking to create some teaching content and would like to include my body in the videos like yours! Cheers!
  16. @DanielBrown-cc4hw: Thank you for this!!
  17. @GPCareerMastery: Very helpful video.❤
  18. @afonsotatiano8221: You're a great communicator, sir!!! Loved your video! Time well spent !!!
  19. @richardglady3009: Thank you for the tips.
  20. @TafCraftDesigns: thanks 🙏

- How to Film VIRAL Real Estate Videos for Social Media - WITH YOUR PHONE!: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Today I am with Tyler Hman. And if you guys haven't seen any of his videos before, you totally should. He's been on this channel probably a couple times now. Um, but he is probably one of the leading, I don't know, real estate influencers that are on social media right now. Lots of his viral or lots of his videos go absolutely viral. They get hundreds of thousand and sometimes even like over a million views on some of his home tour videos. And today, Tyler's going to show you exactly how he films them. Now, if I'm if I'm correct, you kind of use the same kind of um format for each of your videos, right? Yes. Whether it is a $45 million house in Miami I'm filming or a $100,000 condo in downtown Calgary I'm filming, it's the same process, and I'm going to show you guys exactly that. I'm not going to hold any secrets back in this video. It is literally behind the scenes exactly how I film a place. And I mean, we're at this beautiful place in Lethbridge, so it makes the video even that much better. Yeah, we're in a brand new build right now. And literally, we're gonna walk you through step by step, all the way from the intro shot all the way to the very last shot, how he films it, so that if you guys want to do similar types of videos and, you know, grow your own audience, this is exactly how to do it. All right, so this is step one of filming the house. What I always do, whether it's a house like this, well, townhouse, condo, big house, you always want to be out front of the house for the opening shot because what you want is a hook. Now, a hook is basically catching someone's attention to stop them to scroll and watch a video in 3 seconds or less. So, a hook is what you see and what you say. So, the first thing is what you see. So, I obviously want to show them this. It's tall. It's beautiful. And they'll be able to be like, "This is the house I'm talking about." And then we'll go inside. So, I want to start out way on the sidewalk here so I can get everything in frame. So, what I do is I open up my camera settings. And if you watch the other videos on the channel, you know my camera settings. So, go to those videos if you haven't. But, as a reminder, I do.5 zoom and 4K 60 on the iPhone settings. And then I have my phone on my gimbal, which is another video talking about that you guys can go watch. But what I do is is I actually turn my phone around. So now you can see I'm looking at my cameras and you can see I'm in screen here. The reason why I do this is that there's the 0.5 zoom so that you can see so much of the house in the background where if I just had this on selfie mode and I was looking at it, it's not a.5 zoom and you would see my head and hat and you wouldn't see the house. So 0.5 and then I line this up. Now what I like to do is kind of line this up. So I want to make sure that the house is in the background and it looks good. So, I'm going to do a little practice one like this. And then I'm going to look at it. Perfect. In the shot, you can see the house. So, now I'm going to line it up like this again. And then I'm going to go like this. And now I need to do the second part of the hook, which is what I say. So, because I'm miked up, I want to actually talk on camera. Sometimes I do voiceovers, but what I like to do in a hook is say the price and maybe something cool about it. So, this price of this place, I think, let's just say $400,000, I think it is. So, $400,000. So, I'm going to say this is what $400,000 gets you here in Lethridge, Alberta, and just wait until you see the super tall ceilings because I like to kind of add in the price, but then also a little thing of like just wait until you see something to keep them engaged. And I think that's a really strong hook. So, I'm going to do this. This is what $400,000 gets you right here in Lebridge, Alberta. And just wait until you see the super tall ceilings in the living room. That's it. Okay. And then once I'm done that, you can either stop it and then record the next shot or what I like to do just keep it easy on the editing thing. I'll go like this. Um, just wait until you see the super tall ceilings in the living room and I go like this and I walk into the house just like this. Now, of course, if you aren't getting smooth at going like this and then transitioning, you can just end it there. But then I like to get one shot of just walking into the house like this. So once again, I'm out here. There's a visual hook. You can see the house in the background and then you say your hook and then you walk into the house. Curtis, do you think I'm missing anything? Yeah. So, basically, I think what we got from that is that your intro has to be really short and it has to catch attention. So, whether you're talking about the super tall ceilings or the price point or all of the above, you just have to make sure you have that within like your first 7 seconds to hook the audience. 3 seconds. 3 seconds because of short form. YouTube a little longer. What did I say? Uh, 7 seconds. Oh, seven. Only 3 seconds. And what you guys notice, I didn't say my name. Didn't say the brokerage. I didn't say welcome to 123 Smith Street. Well, this one's 2911 something. But the address is irrelevant. Talk about the price and then the city. What I also didn't do is I didn't say the neighborhood. A lot of people will do that. They'll be like, "This is what $400,000 gets you in South Brook. Grand Southbrook. Yeah, Southbrook." And then someone watching that is like, "Well, what city is Southbrook?" Even other people that live in the city of Lethridge might not know about this community. So, you'll just say the price and that we're in Lethbridgeidge, Alberta. Yes. Price and Lebridge, Alberta is all I say. Okay. So, now that we're inside, you're going to film the inside of this home, obviously, but you try to film everything in one take, right? Yes. I like to do everything in one take. And what I mean by that is like walk through the house in one smooth take. Sometimes it's two because if I'm going upstairs, sometimes I'm like, I don't want to be running up the stairs. But the reason I do that is because then viewers when they watch it, they can actually understand the floor plan and it feels like they're going throughout the home. What I don't like that agents do and a lot of videographers, they'll get like a a shot of the living room and then it's a shot of a bedroom and then a shot of a bathroom and then the shot of the kitchen and I'm just like, I don't understand the floor plan. Like what is it? Where is this in relation to this? So my viewers, they really love like actually understanding the floor plan. So on that topic, the first thing I do when I get in a home is I like to walk through it and be like, "How can I make this super engaging?" Right? Because what I don't want to do is walk through the front door and then right away go upstairs. I also don't want to walk in the front door and then go show the mudroom or a bathroom. I want to show the sexiest things, the highlight things to keep people engaged. So remember how I was talking about like the super tall ceilings? Let's not wait for them to see that. Let's show them that right away cuz they hook they're hooked in when I say the price and the super tall ceilings. And then as soon as I come inside, imagine it being now check out these super tall ceilings, right? It keeps them engaged and it's sexy. So this house here, this floor plan, the front entrance is here. And I'm literally doing this live, you guys. Like I didn't pre-plan this. This is like we just got into the house. So when I walk in, I'm looking on my camera. I always want to look on my camera for what I'll be recording and kind of find the nice angles. So, when I walk in like this, it looks nice, but I don't get to see these windows. And this is what I think is impressive. And I want the viewers to see this right away. Like, this is insane, you guys. Like, look at how tall and beautiful this is. So, I'm actually going to start at the back of the home. So, if I come here to the back, I'm going to And it doesn't really matter that you come in the front door and then it comes this way. People understand, oh, yeah, this looks way right away. I look at the camera. So, I'm going to walk like this and be like, "Wow, does this look good?" Because what I'm seeing now when I walk in here is these grand ceiling, these grand windows, and the beautiful fireplace. So, that's what I want the first shot to be. So, I think I'm going to come in like this, and what I like to do is walk to a room once I know which room I want to film, and I like to make sure that I can see all the grandness, and then I literally stop and maybe ponder for one or two seconds, and then I move on to the next space. That's all I do. Right? A lot of people, what they do, they walk into a room like this and then they'll walk to the kitchen and then walk over here. But for editing, it's a disaster. What I like to do is walk in like this, nice and slow, ponder left to right for a few seconds, and then I'm on to the next space. Okay. Okay. So, Tyler, what I think what I think would be really cool is if I just like stand in the corner with the camera and I'll have you film the entire first floor so people can like understand it. And then while you're filming, if you send me that, I'll overlay it so you can see what it looks like when he's filming and what it actually looks like in the camera. Let's do that. So, let me start over here. And what I'm also going to do while you're getting set up, I'm like looking back here. Okay. So, there's a bathroom, a powder room, there's a little bit of a backyard, the basement we'll show later, and then the pantry. Pantry is not too crazy. I don't even know if I'll show it. Okay. So, let me I'll talk while I'm doing it, too. Are you ready? Ready. All right. All right. So, this is the exact speed in how I walk. And then boom. And then now I'm going to stay square and then show the kitchen. Notice how I'm pulling out cuz I want to make sure that you can see the whole kitchen. And then I'm going to go back here and I'm going to go to the yard right away cuz I feel like something like this would be nice. Usually I'd open the door, but it's locked right now so whatever. And then I'm going to quickly show the bathroom. If you look at how I show the bathroom, I literally go in and then out. And there we go. Now I'm going to head upstairs. I won't actually go up there, but I'll just to show you guys. And now I'm going to head upstairs. You guys see I didn't even really go throughout the whole house. I kind of stayed in the hallway because what you don't want to do, and too many people do, like this living room, which you'll see in the overlay, look at how grand and big it looks because I'm so far back. What agents do, they'll go like this and then they'll walk in and go like this to the fireplace and they're just showing the fireplace. You want everything to look grand, right? You don't want to be going too crazy. So, I walk to here, I turn around, kitchen appears, that's it, and then I walk back there, right? You don't have to get right into it. So, that's a huge tip. Just stay back left to right on each room here, too. Sometimes you pull back a bit and that's it. I didn't go into the pantry. None of that. I can always talk about that on the voice over, but at the end of the day, remember this is like a movie trailer and the actual viewing when people come and view it is the actual movie, right? So, keep people entertained. Make it look grand. Can you Can you hold this for a second? Yeah, let's do it. You film me. I think this is like one of the biggest mistakes that I see agents do all the time. And it's like you started at the back and then came in this way. And it like when you're filming it, it might seem backwards, but I think most agents would start here and they'd be in the living room right away and they might go like this and tilt the phone up too. I don't know about you, but when I'm filming, I like to keep this like as level as possible the whole time. I don't like to go up. I don't like to go down. Unless I'm like, you know, up there and I want to show showcase what's down here or like as you said, when you're coming through, for the most part, I would say keep this level. It'll look a lot better. There's some situations where you can tilt it up. This might be one of them when you're here and you can tilt it up a bit, but yeah, I just stay away from like doing this, doing this, and come back down. When you're viewing it, it just doesn't make sense in your head, and it gets really confusing. The less movements, the better. Right. I 100% agree. Okay, so now we film down here. Upstairs. Yeah, you film down here. We know what you're doing. Now, let's head upstairs and see what you do. Amazing. So, if you guys remember, I actually in this one ended the shot right here. And that's totally fine. Sometimes I'll continue it going up the stairs, but I'll pretend I stopped the shot down here. Okay? And I'm going to I told you that because this is the important thing. Where am I going to start now? Up here. If I continued to record, I would have came up with my phone and then showed this right away. But instead, because this is really cool. I mean, look at this, you guys. This is wild. This is a wow factor of the home, right? So, what I'm going to do, I'm going to start it like this. Okay. And I'm just going to bring it up and then show this bedroom. And this is how I literally film space, you guys. So many people get confused like, "What are you filming here?" Once again, because it's a wide angle lens, I go like this and then just point it. You can see the whole room. Let's do the same thing. I'll go in this corner. You start and then people can see and we'll delay your video over. Perfect. Amazing. And I'm just going to look through the bathroom. Bathroom. Super plain. And then there's a walk-in closet. Cool. So, this is this is literally in real time how quick I would film this. I'm about to show you guys. literally right away. And then this is a little tricky because I want to show the shower and then I also want to show the closet which is behind here. So I'm just going to maneuver. Done. That clip was 16 seconds. So 16 seconds up down there. I don't know what was that like 45 seconds and a very big space. Yeah. Super quick and easy. But you guys see I kept it simple. I didn't have to like go through all these things. And now that we ended there, we got to go do the basement. Okay, so now we're down in the basement. Now, what I like to do because I don't want to record myself going down three sets of stairs, I still want to make sure that people know the flow of the video that we're now in the basement. So, usually I like to actually start showing the stairs and then I bring it in right away, just like this. Super simple, super easy. So, you guys already kind of know how I film. I basically just stay wide and film. So, I'll show you guys how I do this. So, I start here to show the stairs. And right away, I'm just going to go here. Kind of a left to right and pan. Got the whole room. Now, I'm going to walk down over here. And for these rooms, I don't even go in. I just kind of like point the camera in there. Show the bed. I know there's closets in there, but who cares? People understand there's closets. They can see that I'm showing. I show the bathroom and then that's it. What I'm not going to do is be like, "Oh, there's also a mechanical room." No kidding. There's a mechanical room. Every place has a mechanical room, right? You want to make this short and sweet and sexy. So, show the main things. And that's literally it. Now, the only thing we have left actually is the outro clip. The outro clip is actually very simple. Sometimes I'll actually take it from the intro. You know how I had the clip where I then walked up to the house? Sometimes I'll just overlay that or if not when I leave, I'll just get one more outside shot going left to right. Just kind of a would you live here or call to action. Can we go show that? Let's do it. Let's go. And now for the final clip that we get on the outside of the house, I like to just get a nice little ending shot, kind of conclude the video, show them the outside of the house and say, you know, would you live here? Or have a call to action to get the details. So for this one, cuz it's it's so grand at the front, I'm just going to hit record and go left to right, nice and slow. Maybe make it like a 7second clip, not even. And that's literally it cuz then I do my voice over after. Or if you want, you can be on camera. You could be like, "Now after seeing this tour, let me know in the comments. Would you live here?" You could also do just like you did for the intro. But honestly, at this point in the video, I just kind of go left to right. But you guys just seen how quick that was. Like other than me explaining it to you guys, like total maybe like 2 to 3 minutes. But I will admit, I've done thousands and thousands of home tours and been in many different homes. So that's why I'm very quick at it. But once you get comfortable with it, even practice at your own house, going through and pretending to film it, and I'm promise you, you'll get so much smoother and so much quicker, so that even if you're shooting an open house at this house, and you uh show up 5 minutes before, you can grab your camera and make a quick video. And then you can even edit it while you're doing it. Now, of course, for the editing video and other videos like that, make sure you guys subscribe because there's going to be more videos of us showing you how we edit, how we get called to actions, and all that amazing stuff. But enough of that. We got to go in and actually film the video because I'm posting this on my page. And Curtis and I are actually going to do a little bit of a different style of video um that we'll also maybe talk about later on in another one. I hope that was super uh informative and super helpful for you guys to learn how Tyler actually films his home tour videos. Now, that's just how he does it. So, I think the important thing here is to kind of take what he does, but put your own spin on it. Like some of the um shots that Tyler does, I actually do them a little bit differently on my channel. like you saw like exactly how he does it and my process really isn't that different. I just might choose a couple different shots and I might vice like I might voice them over a little bit differently. Um so that's super important for you guys to find your own voice as well. Um but if you guys like this video, uh the next thing that you need to learn is how to edit. So that's coming up in a um in a future video. So be sure to subscribe so you can see that video. And if you guys like this video, be sure to hit that like button. And if you guys never want to miss another video like this, just hit that subscribe button. We'll see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VHoughton-z4b [2 likes]: Good advice regarding showing from a distance. Too many people get so close to a feature or a wall that you can't even tell what the room actually looks like.
  2. @good4nyc [2 likes]: Thank you guys!!! You Explain much better than AI)))
Thanks
  3. @Santosteam1 [2 likes]: These homes you film are really nice as expected based on price points. What do you suggest when the homes are not as nice as these you are filming?
  4. @JeffThorntonRealEstate [1 likes]: Great video thanks guys!
  5. @10of10realestate [1 likes]: Damn, We spend a full day filming =) But we also play different kinda game.
  6. @venns.gallery: whats the gimbal modes?
  7. @nagemser: Which gimbal are you using ?
  8. @DavisKosowanRealtor: nice fundamentals! thank you!
  9. @david.niculae: Nice tips! Do you use FPV or Tilt locked on the gimble?
  10. @GreenBogDes: Can you share any real estate video footage for my editing practice? Thank you in advance
  11. @user-ch09chhayornol: Good to sharing brother
  12. @VHoughton-z4b: Nice captions restating important points
  13. @alanroberts4246: Nice! Are you shooting in portrait mode for this demo, or do you always shoot in portrait mode?
I was under the impression that landscape is standard for real estate videos.
  14. @Brickz_Montana: Some reason I came across another guy’s page of a video that he created five years ago @Corymalveaux here on YouTube and he says exactly the same thing about the video being a movie trailer to the house… And also he zooms in on his fireplace in that video which is kind of ironic and coincidental, but also it’s good that somebody utilize his video to make money in this day and age and use info from five years ago and implemented it into their own version in are successful.
  15. @danishseth5759: Do you film Real Estate Videos in FPV mode in Gimbal?
  16. @Abhinav.jainnn: Love your content!! Can you make a video on how to shoot empty homes?
  17. @xyzrust: I have the same gimbal that I’d like to use for property tours. Which mode do you set the gimbal in? I'm completely new to this, thanks.
  18. @EricBishard: I’ve been breaking into the space and found that without my prior experience in real estate and video and editing skills, part 107 certificate, drone, still and video camera and starting with doing free jobs. It’s nearly impossible. Good luck. Not everyone will be able to replicate this success as it’s the format that works for him and don’t get it twisted, if he were to start over today wear a disguise and post on a brand new channel. It would not be the same results.

It’s great to think there are hacks and tricks but even the things that work today might not work tomorrow. If you do start and don’t see the immediate success or vitality and you are not willing to grind it out. You will fail. Hard and fast!

Reality!
  19. @SecondChancesDogs: Awesome video
  20. @Igor-q3f: Is it vertical or horizontal?

- 3 Easy Ways to Start Making Educational Videos: Kind: captions Language: en I'm gonna tell you the easy way to start making educational videos they're free bein rules and I've got three ideas of ways that you can just make a start making educational videos I sent out this tweet because there's lots of people that are gonna be just making a start on making educational videos and I'm gonna have necessarily much of an idea of what to do I got some pretty interesting replies and the first one was from alum who said this before you even think about how are you going to make the video or what the content is gonna be you have to think about what's the purpose and what's the audience which is a really important point and actually if there's some content out there that already satisfies the purpose and the audience for you then do you need to be making that video we don't necessarily need a new explainer video of a core bit of information about your subject but what we do need is your take on it your explanation of it so I need you to think about your own unique selling point why should people watch your video on a topic and that's similar to what Lewis said in response to my tweet which was that you need to find your own style we've got enough explanations of key parts of our syllabuses but what we don't have is your unique explanation so I suggest you start with that get your ideas floating and start with a thing that you think you explained better than anybody else so here are my three rules for when you're making an educational video the first is don't start with a blank page we do not need a nother visualizer video with you starting with a blank page and taking ages to write the title start by actually having information on the page already and add to it go after the arms and it has actually stop and rerecord bits if you've armed and urge your way through it and it's not a really coherent or confident explanation of what you're trying to get across you can correct a lot of that stuff through editing but the more you get right as you're filming the easier the editing is gonna be later and do some editing don't just upload the video as it is warts and all and use those existing PowerPoint skills and I think you're gonna like idea number three which is how you can make an educational video entirely within PowerPoint sound is one of the most important things so talk as if you're talking to your classroom they're listening attentively let's say but you still need to use your classroom oration voice when you're talking to a camera and try to be aware of the speed that you're going try to be aware of the pace that you're going don't speed up loads and definitely slow down so it's so boring because remember you do not have a captive audience they will just click away make sure you know where whatever my phone is that you're using if you're using your laptop it's normally found up by the webcam if you're using a phone then it'll be on the base of it probably try and see what's best for sound it is really important to get it right usually the best idea is to have the microphone as close as possible to your mouth so even using something like a set of headphones which has a microphone built-in might be the best solution for you so the three rules let's just recap them don't start with a blank page whatever you're doing recording chunks and go after the arms and hours and do at least some editing afterwards so the free ideas that I have of ways you can just get started straight away with minimal effort the free ideas are to use a visualizer I have visualizer just here just to talk over a screen like maybe using your iPad screen or to actually go ahead and use PowerPoint which i think is really excellent solution for teachers and spoiler alert I think the easiest solution for teachers is to use PowerPoint which is coming at the end of the video so make sure you stay tuned for that this is how to use the visualizer you can see I've got this really horrible shadow on here so this is with just the ordinary light so really important idea and how to use the visualizer is to make sure you have lots of light you can see I've got this really harsh light here so the more light the more light the better so it might look okay why are you doing it if you film with a visualizer with not enough light it will look really poor when you actually export that video the easiest way to make sure you do have enough light is to work by a large window so you have plenty of diffuse natural light the visualizer is a camera like any other camera and if there's not enough light it has to apply gain and then you get noise and noisy images don't look as good you want to kind of avoid those kind of harsh shadows on your visualizer so use things like props or images that you can actually print out to make it a bit more visually appealing one of the best examples of using this kind of top-down shot for educational videos I think is a level physics online and Lewis uses Lego for example to represent different atomic particles that this would be a deuterium particle and that's where my lego guerrilla comes from from my logo he even goes fires to use a recognizable set of pens that students know when they're seeing this kind of look they are seeing Lewis's videos they're seeing physics online videos and it gives it a really consistent look but it is really important to avoid the blank page and avoid us spending ages watching you write stuff out if you have one then talking over a screen on something like an iPad or any tablet is a really good way to actually make an educational video try and find the pen that actually goes with whatever table is that you're using there are loads of free screen recording apps that you can use just try out and see what works for yours probably the best one the available money for is explained everything Primrose kitten has used this extensively and has made a massive success mostly in something initially of just using explain everything on our iPad to do explainer videos same rules apply don't start with a blank screen use those PowerPoint skills to make it visually appealing to make it your own style to make it your own video don't just explain over a blank screen as you talk after your normal pace as you think through whatever is you're trying to explain so I've recorded this entire section just within PowerPoint this is how to make a video entirely within PowerPoint and this will be the easiest way for a teacher to make an educational video all you have to do is to record the PowerPoint slideshow just as you would in the classroom so you use the slideshow record slideshow option there do it exactly as you would in the classroom talk as if you would in the classroom talk to the microphone which is probably up there by the webcam the record buttons in the top left of the screen and in the bottom right there is a mic symbol mix where the mic is on you can have the webcam on or off it's entirely up to you and you can move that video around or delete that video later and still keep the narration essentially it's recording that timings of you moving the slides on and the timings of you stopping and starting any animations you can even use the pen annotations and we'll play the annotations over just as you made them or any animations that you've put in the PowerPoint just as you normally would this is the screen that you see as you are recording the video you can stop and you can rerecord just that slide if you like or you can start the whole thing again advantages of using this as a teacher are that you probably have a lot of powerpoints that you already have and you're using your lessons that you could just record you're probably quite used to editing powerpoints so you probably don't have to learn a whole lot of new skills to actually make a very good educational video on PowerPoint and you'll be used to the way the menus and everything works you can practice and record each slide as many times as you like and you can add in other slides to the video at any point and it doesn't delete the other recordings on the other slides so it's like a really really simple and straightforward video editor that you already probably know how to use just remember that there is a slight delay as you move a slide on so it might be the best thing to do just to actually record each slide individually the last thing to do is to click file and export new export you click create a video you want to use the full HD settings and then you click use recorded timings and narrations you can even preview the whole thing and you can go back and make any changes if you weren't happy with your explanation it will then save it as a video to your hard drive that you can upload to wherever you're sharing your videos if you are looking for a bit more of a pro look then I will do a video a bit later on how you can actually make a YouTube channel and how you can get a bit more of a high production value but this video is just about getting that flow right and getting a video that you can be really satisfied and that your students will learn from and one of the most important replies to my tweet was this one which is actually just a really nice point that it's a really enjoyable experience to make videos so whatever you're doing relax and just try to enjoy it the video be better and it will come across more if you do actually enjoy what you're doing there will be technical issues it makes me even essentially but try to persevere [Music] and if you want to get started straight away here's what lewis has put out and Primrose has done a video also on how to teach on YouTube and remember it doesn't have to be perfect these videos it's just actually really nice for your kids to hear the voice of their own teachers kids do like hearing the voice of their own teacher and they will be nice for you and just have a look at these comments about how much the teachers have enjoyed making videos and how much they've learned from it as well thanks so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @kitbetts-masters [9 likes]: Teach on YouTube - How to Start and Grow Education YouTube channels
On Paperback: https://amzn.to/3l6iX7v and kindle: https://amzn.to/3X3zzdo
Or you can read it for free with a free trial of Kindle Unlimited: https://www.amazon.co.uk/kindle-dbs/hz/signup?tag=evaluateevery-20
  2. @Saifatoz-l5e: https://youtube.com/shorts/NhhNcrk_oGM?feature=share
  3. @Saifatoz-l5e: Nice
  4. @JamesRandell-u4o: Great work, thank you very much mate, top job
  5. @LugaidRodd: Lose the annoying music.
  6. @gretuinkisderfi1838: The sound quality is great.
  7. @youssefmalikson: Such an interesting perspective.
  8. @HtrhdgSarg: Thanks for keeping it simple.
  9. @BissoGhosh-r7u: This made the topic simple.
  10. @AmyRoset: This was fun AND informative.
  11. @XhfgfvFvvv: This is high quality content.
  12. @IygfZadc: Always great content from you.
  13. @patricksjwilson: The video was easy to follow.
  14. @scottierhoden-w1e: Very detailed and informative.
  15. @Ghija-g1s: This was really well done.
  16. @FhhdDhdh-s5v: This was explained really well.
  17. @RonWardlow-e2i: This was nicely explained.
  18. @MaroaSalix: Love the way you explained this.
  19. @TammyButler-r8u: Very good explanation.
  20. @McGillisVerene: This video was very entertaining.

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- Why some videos go viral (the truth): Kind: captions Language: en what makes a video go viral is it its ability to make you laugh or maybe the day of the week in which it was posted or maybe it's some secret tactic that the owners of social media companies don't want us to know or maybe the answer is a lot more simple than we think in this video I'm going to answer the question what makes a video go viral because realistically if we know the answer to that question then surely we can go viral ourselves also fun fact I actually did my dissertation on this topic so I'm in my element right now if you're new to this channel my name is Jade B I upload content just like this every single week so hit subscribe hit the like button and let's get to it okay so I'm trying to be as pragmatic as I possibly can when it comes to answering this question right so I'm going to break down my answer into two sections the first is going to be about the data so we're going to look at actual numbers which will tell us why videos go viral and then we're going to look at the experts so the people who study this the people who live and breathe virality we're going to hear what they have to say about why videos go viral so let's kick off with the data don't stress I'm not just going to be making you analyze the data I've done it already and I'm going to be telling you what the data means so there's a marketing technology company called unruly shout out to those of you who work at unruly because you have been incredibly useful when it comes to preparing for this video they analyze over 430 billion video views this is why I'm giving them a shout out because that sounds like that took a lot of work and also over 100,000 customer data points so they can come up with a list of things which actually lead to a video going viral so I paired this data in addition to data from other sources I will link to all of my sources below to come up with a list of three things which highly contribute as to whether or not a video is going to go viral so the first thing is a psychological response or the way that I like to see it is like an emotional response and this is potentially the answer that you would have given me if I asked you why do videos go viral because nine times out of 10 when I speak to someone about a video that's gone viral they're usually talking about a video that's funny and humor is a positive emotional response to a piece of content so because we're constantly seeing viral videos that are funny we're telling ourselves that the the only way to go viral is to be funny and you'll be pleased to know at least for those of us who AR naturally funny that that isn't always the case in an article by Harvard Business Review they break down the top four positive and the top four negative emotions that people feel when they watch a viral piece of content let's start off on a positive note when it comes to the positive emotions you've got warmth which is the number one spot followed by happiness then hilarity which is the humor that we're speaking about and Then followed by surprise so if you're trying to create a viral piece of content it doesn't only have to be funny there other positive emotions that you could focus on in terms of negative emotions though because unfortunately the way that we are programmed as human beings we tend to respond almost as powerfully to negative content as we do to positive content so the top four negative emotions that people often feel towards the most viral content are confusion contempt disgust and anger now most of you guys watching this aren't going to want to focus on triggering those kind of emotions from an audience so instead I want you to focus on the lovely positive emotions and think about how you can make your audience feel warm or happy or laugh or surprise as as a result of your content now this data also does a great job at breaking down motivations behind people sharing because that's one of the biggest factors when it comes to whether or not your content is going to go viral at the end of the day what we all need to remember is the reason why stuff goes viral is because people are sharing it a lot of the time we convince ourselves that things go viral simply because Instagram or YouTube or whatever social media platform we are on decided to push it and it be seen by thousands of people that is natural we're forgetting that the reason why this piece of content might be getting loads of views and why our social media channel is pushing it is because other people are responding to it and sharing it right sharing online is the equivalent of Word of Mouth it is our audience's way of sharing content that aligns with them that signals something about them as a person with their audience and by doing so we are massively expanding the amount of people who see our content and increasing the chances of that piece of content going viral so what motivates people to actually share well there are a bunch of different reasons so I'm just going to focus on the top three the first is opinion seeking so a lot of the time people will share your your content because they want to know what their friends think of your content and I found this really interesting cuz I don't think I think about this very much but it's very true people might share your content simply because they want to gather other people's opinions on it the second motivation for sharing is conversation starting and this one I do know about and I think about this one quite a lot so it's when you create a piece of content that other people want to share because they want to start an online conversation about it right the third most common reason for social sharing is social utility so this is when people share your content because they think it will be useful for their friends this really reminds me of the era of quotes does anyone remember in like 2020 when if you logged on to Instagram all you saw was quotes that was it there was just quotes and carousels and that was it that really reminds me of that time because that was a time where people were sharing these quotes one to kind of signify who they are and what they believe in but also to share them with their friends and family because they thought maybe this would help them too and that is a perfect example of sharing for social utility so this data concluded that most online sharing happens on a Wednesday a Thursday and a Friday and I want you to keep this in mind because this is going to pop back up in just a moment when we talk about what the experts say about viral content so before we talk about what the experts say let's just sum up what we can learn about the data that I just shared with you the first is that the more emotions your content triggers within your audience the more likely your audience are to share so it's not just about picking one of those emotions like warmth for example that you want your audience to feel as a result of your content you want to try and Trigger as many of those emotions hopefully the positive emotions as you possibly can because the more emotions you trigger the more likely your audience are to share your piece of content the second thing I learned from the data that I haven't mentioned yet but it's very important is that there are a group of people called super sharers and these are basically the people who are actually responsible for majority of the social media sharing online so there are a group of people who share content constantly almost daily on their social pages and these are also the people who have a lot of influence so when they share a piece of content with their audience other people see it other people pick it up and that's what kind of triggers this Chain Reaction so keep that in mind because as I explain that type of person to you you might have someone in mind where you think hold on a minute I know someone who is an avid social media sharer and they also tend to have a huge amount of influence try and pinpoint those people because they could be the difference between your content not being seen by anyone and your content going viral all right so this is my favorite part not that I don't love the data I love the data but I also love to hear what experts say about this topic and honestly when it comes to viral video content there's only one person who comes to mind and that is Kevin aler hi I'm Kevin alaka I'm the trends manager at YouTube and I professionally watch YouTube videos he's actually now the global director of culture and transs YouTube and he's the author of videoy that clip that you just saw is from his Ted Talk titled why videos go viral which is very good by the way I'll include a link to it below I've had the absolute pleasure of meeting Kevin in person and I have the absolute pleasure of interviewing Kevin and my next virtual event hosted specifically for creators and entrepreneurs I'll tell you more about that later but all of that to say that there are a few things I've learned from consuming his content and speaking with him directly about viral content that I want to share with you the first is the importance of taste makers now taste makers are quite similar to the super sharers that I mentioned in the previous section so the super sharers were more your everyday people who have some influence online who share a lot of content right now taste makers are people who often have even more influence usually of like the celebrity kind of stature and they have the power to share one piece of content and change the trajectory of that post the example that Kevin uses is when Jimmy Kimmel actually tweeted a link to a YouTube video which was all about a rainbow wao oh my God oh my God now when JM tweeted and link to that video the video absolutely took off the video had been living on YouTube for a while with hardly any views and then suddenly that video went massively viral and it actually ended up accumulating millions and millions of views now in addition to the power of tast makers when it comes to viral content Kevin also talks about the importance of community but specifically Community participation now this is something that I have personally seen grow in importance so much more within the last few months to a year and what it's basically referring to is when you create content that other people actually want to part participate in so we've kind of moved away from this world where a trending or viral piece of content was simply a video that other people consumed and that was it we're now in this situation where the biggest Trends are ones that other people can take part in so they could take a video that they've seen that they love and they could put their own twists on it and adapt it in their own way it's also the equivalent of when people take video content and Stitch it or remix it or whatever you want to call it depending on what platform you're on in fact do you know one of the best examples of this cuz this is the one that I see all the time at the moment so you know the Tik Tok video where there's a Creator she starts her video by saying call me crazy if you want but I've never like store bought pesto now I have never actually seen that original video appear on my for you page on Tik Tok but what I have seen is hundreds of other creators videos who have remixed that to use it as the intro to talk about a story that is significantly wilder than the fact that this lovely creator doesn't like starbard pesto which I know everyone takes a piss out of there for it but I mean I thought that was pretty wild I love store V so I'm with you on this one hun I actually do these Trend analysis videos with Kevin a locker and his team so I work directly with YouTube and I share some of the top social media trends with you guys through my content and one of the biggest trends that I've seen month on month is this importance of creating a piece of content that other people want to participate in this truly is the future of virality and if you're able to nail that then there really is a potential that you will go truly viral so how do we use this very interesting information well the first thing to do is to identify and then Leverage The Taste makers am I telling you to tweet Jimmy Kimmel every time you create a good piece of content maybe I'm probably more telling you to identify the people within your community within your Niche within your audience group who are taste makers and have that level of influence and think about how you could share a piece of content that you're truly proud of with them in a new and inovative way because who knows they might share that with their audience think about how you can create content that is designed for participation and of course keep your ear to the ground about the different trends that others are participating in and join in with those Trends too now one last thing that I do want to say that I alluded to earlier that I thought was interesting I said that the data told us that the most popular days of the week for social sharing are Wednesdays Thursdays and Fridays interestingly in Kevin's Ted Talk he shows a graph where you can clearly see the peaks in which different viral videos were being shared like does anyone remember Rebecca Black's Friday video of course you do everyone does but he actually showed a graph of her video and you could see clear Peaks where people were sharing her videos more than on other days of the week and that day was on a Friday does that mean you should only share your content on Fridays no absolutely not what it does mean though is maybe focus on applying all of these tips and tricks that you've learned on a Friday maybe share your favorite video to your audience on a Friday there might be something in that guys who knows go ahead and try that and be sure to DM me with your results now I'm willing to bet that a lot of you are thinking all right Jade that was super interesting but what do I do next don't fret I know exactly what you need to do next you will have the opportunity to ask Kevin aler who is the vial expert that I spoke about previously and who's also the global director of culture and trends at YouTube your questions during my next event called The Creator project live now this is a virtual event which is part of a series designed to help content creators and entrepreneurs Thrive online and learn how to get paid this next event is focusing on the secrets to YouTube success and it is going to be incredible like we've really outdone ourselves here in addition to a full session with Kevin aler and I really can't stress enough how big of a deal this is and the opportunity for you to ask an actual YouTube insid of your questions there will also be a Creator panel for featuring two very successful creators Adela fardi and Natalie barou and I will be hosting my YouTube growth masterclass which is the exact masterclass I've shared with hundreds of creators that they've used to launch and scale their YouTube channels and also just to make the event just a little bit B because I couldn't help myself I'm also going to be giving away a brand new Sony zv1 which is the exact camera that I'm currently filming this video on I'm going to be giving away a brand new Sony zv1 to one lucky attendee during the actual event so if if you want to join the event live have a chance to win that camera and ask these creators and experts your questions it's taking place on the 15th of November now if you can't make the event live don't stress you could purchase a replay ticket so that you can catch up in your own time head to the Creator project.com live to get your hands on the tickets or of course I'm going to have a link in the description all right guys if you feel like hanging around I recommend watching this video it's actually my recent Trend report video which is when I break down the top most viral Trends on social media right now so I'm fairly sure you're going to find this pretty interesting don't forget to get your tickets for the next edition of the creative project live before they run out and I cannot wait to see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @ejm_official [6 likes]: The value I get from your videos feels as if I am cheating the system lol. With all seriousness your videos are packed so much with value and you show a lot of your personality in the videos too. Good luck on your journey everyone! ❤
  2. @JadeBeason [2 likes]: DOUBLE your income as a content creator with this FREE GUIDE 💰.This 35 page ebook includes everything you need to know about brand partnerships, UGC, creator funds, affiliate marketing and loads more, grab yours here: https://www.jadebeason.com/creatorincomeguide
  3. @BigBoysEvents [1 likes]: Top ❤❤
  4. @melaniewilliamsloves [1 likes]: This was very insightful thank you for sharing, your advice has been extremely helpful to apply to my plant-based channel. Funny I have been mainly uploading on Friday’s 😊 I can not wait for your live!
  5. @102markdude: There’s a tool that breaks down why some videos get 5–10× more views than a channel’s average. Eye-opening if you’re stuck at this stage. Tool is in my bio. Good video btw
  6. @rmv9194: Organic Viral videos are not real anymore. You want a video to go viral, you have to put money on it.
  7. @luckyourway: This is a great video. Thank you!
  8. @Abhinavkumar-og3xd: Please say in hindi.
  9. @MsGovTeacher: If your video is linger (organically as in storytelling) and people watch it, do you get more revenue bc you have more ads?
  10. @chandicookinghut3191: Thanks for nice explanations.
  11. @emmanuellaadolphus: Only today for the first time to see and watch your video, insights and ideas have been flowing but I don't know how do it perfectly.

Thank you for the video creation ❤
  12. @makemoney7371: Hey Jade, thanks for all ur contents, pls can I have a personal chat with u?
  13. @izzyk1998: Just got my ticket for your event, what an amazing opportunity for your viewers thanks so much for organising 🥰 gonna be the highlight of my week!
  14. @tenxrakesh: What your business gmail account ?
  15. @Lizzyy_Turner: Hi I'm having problems with my account and I don't know what to do.i woke up one morning and I was logged out and I can't post ,I can't even see my followers or following.im confused help me please
  16. @sorifsem: Hello dear 
You need attractive thumbnail designer?
  17. @temilayoAndmom: Thank you jade❤❤❤
  18. @sheisjacinta: Aww
Thanks for this, as a creator ❤❤❤
  19. @_ceecastro: Thank you for the tips 😁
  20. @NaomiTheAlchemist: Thanks for sharing.

- How Whop Clips Actually Go Viral (Full Formula Explained): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone thinks going viral with web clips is luck, but it's not. There's an actual formula behind why some clips blow up and others flop. And once you understand it, you [clears throat] can repeat it over and over again. I've had multiple viral videos using this exact method, and today I'm giving you the full formula [music] from how to edit your clips, how to warm up your account, what platforms want, posting schedules, titles, tags, everything. Let's start with the foundation. Quality. If [music] your clip doesn't look clean, it doesn't matter how good the content is. People will scroll. Your clips need to be high quality, color graded, [music] and super clean. I'm talking sharp visuals, smooth transitions, and zero lag. [music] Because the truth is, when people are scrolling, they're not giving you a chance. They're judging your video instantly [music] based on how it looks. And subtitles. Subtitles are everything. They can make or break your video. Your subtitles need to be perfectly timed and easy to read. Not too big, not too small, and they need to flow with [music] the actual conversation. When the subtitles feel like they're moving with the person talking, people stay watching. They don't even realize why, but it feels [music] professional. Bad subtitles instantly kill retention. Too flashy, too small, delayed, or out of sync, it just looks lazy. [music] Clean, readable subtitles that pop at the right time, that's what keeps eyes glued to the screen. Now, when it comes to editing, I usually go with a one-to-one ratio for my clips. It's the perfect square format [music] that performs well across every platform, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube Shorts. Above the frame, I'll add clean text, just one simple line that explains [music] exactly what the video is about. This is your instant context line. It's the why should I care moment. Because remember, when [music] people are scrolling, they're seeing dozens of videos. That one top line sentence, for example, this is how he made 10,000 in one week, or this is the clip [music] that changed everything, instantly gives viewers a reason to stop. But again, it all has to look perfect. If your video [music] looks like every other low effort clip out there, it's not going viral. Everything has to be intentional. The font, the color, the lightning, the flow. If one piece is off, it breaks the whole feel of the clip. Next up, flow. [music] This is what separates the random posts from the viral ones. The length of your video doesn't matter. I've had 10-second clips [music] blow up, and I've had full minute clips do the same. What matters is how the story flows. If your original video [music] is 20 minutes long, your job is to cut that down into a tight, high-speed short that feels natural [music] and keeps attention all the way through. You want it to feel like it's pulling the viewer along. No slow parts, no awkward [music] pauses, just smooth storytelling. Every second should add something, whether it's emotion, meaning, [music] or curiosity. And the most important part flow is the hook. You have to grab attention in the first one or two seconds. If you don't, it's over. Start with the main moment, the most shocking or interesting part. Don't build up to it. Open with it. Once you got their attention, you build a story behind it. [music] That's the formula. Hook, story, payoff. If your video has those three [music] things, it's got viral potential. Now, let's talk about the invisible stuff that makes your video feel good, music and pacing. [music] Good background music changes everything. It adds emotion, tension, [music] or energy, whatever your clip needs. The goal is to make it feel seamless. The music should [music] enhance the mood, not distract from it. Sync your cuts, captions, and even camera zooms to the beat. That's what gives [music] your video that professional rhythm that people can't stop watching. And listen, this part's important. Your videos need to be perfected. If they're not perfect, they're not going viral. You're competing against thousands [music] of other clips every day. So, if your clip looks too similar to everything else, or if it's slightly off, the algorithm [music] just skips it. Color grading, flow, captions, cropping, music, everything needs to work together. When a clip feels polished and smooth, >> [music] >> people don't even think. They just keep watching. That's the goal. Now, here's something most people don't talk about, the warm-up phase. Before you even start posting, you got to warm up [music] your account. If you skip this part, your content won't get pushed properly. Let's break it down [music] platform by platform. Instagram. This one's the most sensitive. You got to warm it up carefully. Usually, it takes about 5 days. Here's [music] exactly what you do. Like a few posts each day in your niche, follow a couple of [music] relevant accounts, scroll only in your niche for about 20 minutes twice a day. This tells Instagram's algorithm who your audience is and what content you're interested in. So, when you start posting, Instagram knows who to show your videos to. TikTok, pretty much the same strategy. Like, follow, and scroll. YouTube, from my personal experience, warming up isn't really necessary here. YouTube can push a clip from a completely new account. If the video is good, it will find viewers. I'll go deeper into the warm-up process in another video. But, trust me. Warming up your account the right way changes [music] everything. Let's talk about how often you should post. This is another [music] thing people get wrong all the time. For YouTube, stick to one post per day. YouTube's algorithm takes time to test [music] your videos. It analyzes watch time, engagement, and retention before deciding how far to push it. If you spam upload, it can actually hurt you. So, keep it one strong post a day. But, for [music] Instagram and TikTok, post as much as you can. These platforms love consistency [music] and volume. You can easily post three times per day on each. Both TikTok and Instagram reward creators who keep showing up. It tells the system [music] you're active and keeps you in people's feeds. And don't worry about over-posting. As long as each [music] clip is quality, the platforms will love it. All right, next is titles and tags. Your title should be short and direct. Don't overthink it. [music] Then, use about five of the most relevant tags for your niche. That's the sweet spot. It helps the algorithm understand [music] your content without flagging it as spamming. So, keep it clean and relevant. I will show you an example [music] on the screen right now. Here's the truth. Most people fail at clipping not because their videos are bad, >> but because they don't treat it like a system. Every step matters. From the way you warm up your account to the captions, to the ratio, to the exact [music] second you hook the viewer. It's not luck, it's precision. You have to make your videos perfect before posting. If they feel rushed, unpolished, or generic, they [music] won't stand out. But, when you take the time to refine everything, the pacing, colors, captions, [music] music, posting schedule, hashtags, it all stacks together. That's when you start [music] seeing consistent virality. So, yeah. That's the real secret formula [music] behind viral web clips. It's a full process. High-quality video, clean subtitles, perfect flow, emotional storytelling, good music, warmed-up [music] accounts, smart posting schedules, and titles that actually make sense. Do all that, and I promise [music] your clips will start performing better than ever. If you want me to make a part two, where I go in-depth on the warm-up formula [music] for each platform, comment below, and I'll drop that next. If this helped you out, hit that like button and subscribe [music] for more, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHarper-k6v [38 likes]: One thing I’d add from my own experience: platforms like Reach Cat platform make it even easier to apply this formula because you’re paid per verified views, not approvals based on tiny subjective rules. You can focus purely on hooks, retention, and distribution  the things you explained here  and scale across multiple accounts without friction.
  2. @Xenthenics [3 likes]: Does it have part 2?
  3. @clipsnewshubz [3 likes]: in debt video pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase change our lives
  4. @RokCStardust-o3y [3 likes]: Yes plz part 2 thank-you it was great
  5. @VikrantBondili [2 likes]: Part 2 pls?
  6. @clipsnewshubz [2 likes]: actualy if you have a course i can buy it if its affordable
  7. @benysyafana [2 likes]: Thanks bro
  8. @ShortLab-tv [2 likes]: this cool. Make part two
  9. @DrDonshorts [2 likes]: Pasol nx ducts wasted my time
  10. @jojoeditss.07 [1 likes]: bro idk why my channel suddenly died like two of my vids are 20k + and one 10K + but now all are dying
  11. @Qlypss [1 likes]: hey bro can you review mine? what problem do you see?
  12. @lm2024-q6m [1 likes]: part 2
  13. @adiotic_gaming1642 [1 likes]: can i upload multiple videos on ig for clipping more??
  14. @Anything-bdo: if an account was not warmed up properly can anything be done
  15. @ShibaFlash: very informative
  16. @dem_Clip: nice
  17. @trendzclip-ham15: part 2 pls
  18. @sadeeshnirwan: Y'all just over complicate things and never start shit..and just watching videos after making dumpass short clips...just lock in bro
  19. @Amazinggal-l8q: im stuck at 10 and lower views
  20. @fujiyas0529: Does instagram and tiktok need to use vpn and proxy to target the us or uk audience?

- How to be SO entertaining your videos can’t stop going viral: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine your next video's retention is so high, your video is guaranteed to go viral. I want that for you. So, I've taken my eight years of experience on YouTube writing scripts, editing videos, and investigating what goes viral, and I've boiled it down into six components. The first component is to stop trimming [music] down your videos to just the parts your audience actually wants to see. Obviously, you [music] need to be giving your viewers value, but there's another often even more important thing your videos need to do. Here, let me show you an example from this video. This paragraph is the valuable lesson that my audience wants. So, what am I talking about in the first paragraph? Let's take a look. I want you to look at this. There's a problem here. This is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video. A couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits. There was [music] a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose. These cuts removed pauses and [music] these removed bad takes. But in its current form, this video is doomed to fall short of its potential. The reason is this video isn't [music] using its visuals to maximize attention. That first paragraph is where I reveal a problem. And then in the second paragraph, I give a lesson on how to solve it. Now, imagine if I didn't state the problem first and instead got straight into teaching the lesson. There wouldn't be any curiosity or expectations, so whatever I say will just be boring information rather than being an answer to the viewer's questions or problems. Are you doing that? Do your videos just get straight into talking about or doing random stuff? Or do you first make sure the viewer cares about what you're talking about or doing? You see, it's obvious to you or to me as the creator what makes things valuable, but to the audience, they don't actually know until you tell them. So, here's my formula. I color code my scripts to make sure the [music] viewer always cares so much about what I'm saying that they can't possibly stop watching. In these green sections, I give the reason to watch. I explain the problem, share a mystery, give a question, or create an expectation. Then, in these purple sections, I reveal the answers. Now, this formula isn't just used for my videos. It's used everywhere. Here, look at this video from Ryan Tran. The intro is of course going to be a green section to get you to care about what he's going to do in the video. So, do you remember what the green sections are? It's when you introduce the problem, question or mystery. Which one does Ryan do? >> This is the loneliest house in the world. Oh, it's so lonely. No, there are tons of conspiracy theories around it. Like, like some people think a billionaire built this place in case of a zombie apocalypse. Some people think it's like a religious cult. But most people just want to move here and get away from their problems. To get the viewers's attention, he says the facts that create a mystery. The loneliest house in the world has a ton of conspiracy theories around it, such as a billionaire's zombie apocalypse hideout or a religious cult. So tell me, what question does this create? It makes you ask, what is the true purpose of the world's loneliest house? And that question gives the viewer a reason to watch the video. Okay, cool. But that was just one method to create curiosity. There's actually four methods. So, get your notes ready because you're going to use these a lot from now on. First, you can create a mystery like what Ryan did in that video. Or it could be a problem, question, or some obstacle that lacks an answer. Second, you can say something counterintuitive. For example, look at this video. You wouldn't expect the smaller asteroids to be the ones to worry about. So, this is something that's [music] surprising and it makes you curious. Third, you can reveal that someone knows a secret. make it seem like someone's hiding something that's really important. And fourth, you can suggest that there's a missing component or something important that you haven't yet considered. Now, this first one is the secret to turning your boring videos into highly captivating stories that [music] get millions of views. So, let's look at how Ryan does it in this video. Now, first, do you remember how I use that green purple formula for my videos? I go problem, solution, problem, solution. For the videos I made on my previous channel where I talked about my favorite video game, Terraria, I did question answer. Question answer. But the thing is with Ryan's video, he's not giving information. He is he's doing things in the video. So how do we apply that green purple formula to a video where you're doing something? Well, that was actually initially a a big weak point with Ryan's video. You see, the reason to watch the video is to see him explore the world's loneliest house. So, what's the problem? Here's the plot of the video. Try to spot the weak point. Ryan gets ready for the trip. >> Ready? >> Then he takes the [music] boat to the island, jumps from the boat onto the island, climbs up to the house, and then explores the area. Do you see the problem here? The viewer only cares about seeing Ryan explore the world's loneliest house, but the first half of the video is the journey to the house. So, how's Ryan going to keep all the viewers watching during the first half of the video? Simple. He needs to make the viewer care about the journey as well. How? Well, Ryan's really a genius. Take a look at the rest of that intro. This trip is said to be extremely dangerous. And locals say you'd have to be stupid to try to go with no experience, which really only leaves one man for this job. Hello. Hello. Clearly, I'm not prepared for a country named Iceland. He says that the journey is really dangerous and then throughout the video makes himself out to be very unprepared. >> Just gave me a bunch of clothes cuz I wasn't prepared. >> Therefore, his safety and success becomes uncertain which makes the journey to the world's loneliest house become just as interesting as the house itself. Write that down. Intrigue comes from uncertainty. Okay, good. Now, I need you to recognize this for [music] yourself in the next example. So, take a look at when Ryan jumps from the boat onto the island. That plot point of Ryan jumping is a purple section. Now, [music] I need you to notice the green section before it. So, this is the part of the video where I can never really illustrate how scared I am and like just how dangerous this is for someone like me who has no experience doing anything, but I have to jump off of this boat over the icy, deathly waters. I hope I don't fall. Ready? Ready? Go. Did you see that? He tells us that he's scared, it's dangerous, he's inexperienced, the water is freezing cold, and then hints at the end that he might fall. Imagine if he didn't say any of that before jumping without knowing the stakes and what could go wrong. It wouldn't be entertaining. Well, actually, he didn't say any of that in the recording. That green section was actually a voice over that he added during the editing process. You see, after recording the footage for a video, Ryan follows [music] a three-part limus test to identify what to cut out and what voiceovers to add. This is how he makes the viewers care about each and every second of [music] his videos. One, the viewer must always know what's happening. Two, they must know why it's important. And three, they must know what could go wrong. The viewer just needs to be told all three things, and then they will watch whatever follows. Sometimes Ryan says those things in the recording, like when he tells us the things that he's concerned about. >> I I'm so scared right now. Can I just say that? >> And then other times he forgot, so [music] he just adds a voice over. >> I'm meeting a man named like or something. I don't know how to pronounce his name. >> Okay, I'm moving a little fast here, so let me explain. Now, there's actually a whole another side to this entire thing for both narrative and informative content. Whenever you're trying to get the viewer to care about something that you talk about or do in your video, if you can't create curiosity or expectations, then cut that part out. For example, in Ryan's video, he was able to make the boat ride interesting because there was a chance that things could go wrong. But other parts of the story had no chance of failure, [music] so there wasn't room for any curiosity. Therefore, even if he recorded a lot of footage for that plot point, he would just summarize those parts with a sentence [music] or two of voiceover. Okay, I want you to watch this intro over here. And then I want you to tell me what you think about it. Hey, Vsauce, Michael here. This appears blue. This appears yellow. And this appears green. What? Do you want to keep watching that? Why? He's just telling us the colors on a Rubik's cube. And there's not even any video editing in this either. Yeah, this video sucks. Or does it? because it is the intro of a video with 30 million views. And let's not lie, it was kind of engaging. So, what's making this so interesting? Well, it's that the creator looks and sounds as if he's saying something super important. So, think about your videos. How do you talk in them? Do you sound like you're genuinely excited to share something? Do you speak louder for excitement, lower your voice for suspense, and pause to build anticipation and emphasize key points? Do you raise your eyebrows to show something is interest? Squint slightly to emphasize a key detail or move your head in sync with your words? Do you shift your hands from one side to the other to visually separate ideas? Do you spread your arms wide to signal [music] something big or pinch the air to indicate something precise? You don't. Well, you got to change that because if you speak in a monotone, then anything you say will feel boring. Whatever emotion you put into your voice is contagious. The viewer will feel it too. And yeah, that means that if you feel uncomfortable talking on camera, then the viewer watching you is going to feel uncomfortable as well. But you know, that's what's so frustrating because you can talk just fine to your friends, right? But then as soon as you get on camera, >> please please like the video. >> But don't worry, I've got a shortcut for you to stop being camera shy and become pretty engaging on camera. You see, when you're saying something to a close friend, 100% of your focus is on just trying to get your point across. But once you're talking to the camera, you get distracted by thoughts like, "Am I speaking fast enough? Am I pausing too much? Am I saying that right?" You get self-conscious. You're focused on yourself rather than on sharing your message. Because you're distracted. You start to lose your train of thought as you're speaking. So, what makes sense to do here is to memorize the words that you need to say so that you say it all correctly. But this makes things worse. Now, you're more focused on getting the words right than on the real meaning behind the words. And that's what causes you to speak in a monotone. How do you fix this? Well, you got to get comfortable with making mistakes on camera because think about this. What sounds more engaging? You can say your script flawlessly. Every word's perfect. You don't say um you don't say ah. However, the entire recording you're speaking in a monotone. Or does it sound more engaging if you make some mistakes in your speech? You might pause a few times. You say um you say ah, but it sounds like you are really excited to share something. you're you're just giving off the impression that there's something really important [music] and exciting to talk about. Obviously, that second version sounds way more interesting despite [music] the mistakes, which you can actually just cut out later. So, what matters here is not trying to look perfect, but instead treat the camera like it's your friend who's really interested about what you're saying. And that's really the big issue here. You [music] you get in front of the camera and you start thinking that there's a big audience watching you or there's like a panel of critics judging you. The issue is when you start to think that, oh, I'm in front of the camera now. Now I have to act different. Now I have to say things right. But that's not what it's about. It's it's about connecting with each individual viewer as if they were your friend who's interested in what you're saying. And that's what's going to make the viewer feel like you have something really important to share. There's a problem with your videos and if you don't fix it, your scripts are boring. And this applies to any type of video. And I've been making this mistake the past few sentences. And I hope you noticed because I keep saying and. And the problem isn't just with the word and. The problem is with using and to connect points in your video. Here's what I mean. The creators of South Park discovered that when a story is structured like this happened and then this happened and then this happened and then this happened, it quickly becomes repetitive. But it also creates a bigger issue. It isn't specified how one thing leads to the next. This can be pretty disorienting for the viewer. The video jumps between topics or scenes without a clear connection between them. Your viewer without a clear path through the video isn't kept immersed. There's all these exit points where they're free to disengage. So, here's the far better structure that South Park found. We tried this, but that got in the way. Therefore, we had to do this, but it didn't work. So, we tried this. Whether it's the scenes in a story, the topics in an explanation, or even the individual sentences in a paragraph, this structure makes a massive difference. What this all comes down to is creating a seamless [music] flow throughout each part of your video so that the viewer stays fully immersed from the start to the finish. But that South Park structure isn't the only thing needed to create a seamless journey through your video. There's still one more thing you got to do. Before I got started with this video, I was curious about something. I wanted to know what [music] is the most common mistake people make in their videos for retention. So, I went to my Discord server at the [music] time and there was a a section for feedback requests. I went through all the videos in there and guess for yourself, what do you think the biggest mistake was? Was it a lack of storytelling? Was it really bad video editing? Was it people speaking in a monotone voice? or was it something else? Well, it was actually the most basic intuitive thing that you got to be doing with your videos. Yet, no one was really doing it. The biggest mistake was confusion. I was confused what was happening. And now, if you think that you would never make such an obvious oversight, then you're probably one of the creators doing this here. Let me give you a quick insight into my scripting process. I revisit every part of my video genuinely around a hundred times to find any possible way to make it easier to understand. Because here's the thing, you're biased. When you look at your video, you look at it from a place of having all of the context. You are the expert. You did the research, the filming, the editing. But where is the viewer coming from? A place of zero context. Everything is completely new to them. Therefore, it's way harder for the viewer to keep up with and understand what's happening. And you know, I got to be honest, this is probably why you keep getting disappointed by your view count. You can tell when you upload a video that there's a lot of value there. There's a lot for people to get from it. Yet, people are not enjoying it that much and therefore the metrics that YouTube gathers from your video end up being lower and you don't get the views that your video really could be getting because chances are you already have a good video idea. You're already putting a lot of effort into your videos, a lot of value in there. But the issue is your viewers just aren't able to absorb it. They're not able to understand it that well. And therefore, the video is lower quality because they're not able to access that value. And really, this comes down to communication. And we've already talked about this quite a bit so far with the storytelling lesson, which in in summary is just like make sure you're telling the viewer what's going on at all times and what the stakes are, what could go wrong. So, if they know all of those details, then they're able to keep up with the story and empathize with you, get a lot more immersed into what's happening. We have that communicated. That was a big part of communication. But there's a lot more to communication beyond that. I think there is three more things to communication. These are especially important if you make videos like mine that are not a story, but you're explaining something. First, let's say you're explaining something and you make it clear and concise. Great. You're getting to the point and just saying things simply how they are. Well, that's still going to leave the viewer down there. Why? Try to remember the last time you were learning to play a new game. People could tell you a crystal clear and concise explanation of how to play, but that wasn't good enough. It was a lot to take in, so you forgot some details, and it it just took a few rounds before you really understood the game. The key thing here is that it isn't tangible until you've seen it in action. And it's also hard to wrap your head around if it's totally new to you. So, how do you get the viewer to understand things? You can use an analogy like, for example, what I did a moment ago when I related the viewer's experience trying to understand your video to your experience learning to play a new game. Or you can give an example like like what I just did. I gave the example of using an analogy. Those things turn an abstract idea into something vivid for the viewer. The next thing is to get someone else to watch your video before you post it. I've been doing this for years now, and every single time I get someone pointing out some moment in my video that was either boring or it was confusing. Now, the final thing is something I swear by because it set me apart ever since my previous channel. It's what I do with the visuals. Check this out. Your journey begins as you scour the surface for the wooden boomerang, your first weapon. You find a fallen star and use it to upgrade to the enchanted boomerang. The game [music] is only getting started. Did you catch it? In my videos, I always make certain that every single thing I talk about has a visual to show that thing because you obviously want to pace your video pretty quickly. But the issue is if you pace your video really quickly, then it's really easy for the viewer to miss some details. The solution? Take full advantage of visual communication. That way, your video can communicate maximum value at maximum efficiency. But just showing a visual for each thing isn't all there is to it. There's often multiple things in a scene that the viewer might look at, so you need to clarify where their focus should be. I zoom in and pan the camera to exactly what the viewer should be looking at at any given moment. But that brings up this really common misconception that people have with editing. There's this big narrative that the more cool things you put into your video, whether it's visuals or sound effects, that's going to lead to more views. And I'm sure you've seen a lot of big creators having a ton of variety in their videos, too. But variety is much more delicate than that. And having variety just for the sake of having it really has the potential to screw up your video. Let me explain. Variety is like seasonings in a dish. The purpose is to bring out the flavor of the food, but too many seasonings ruins the dish. So, for example, with the mood of your video, keeping a constant tone throughout the whole video is like only using one seasoning. It's boring. But if the mood fluctuates from excitement over something to worry about some problem or threat to joy about a solution to unease over some impending obstacle and so on, your video becomes much more engaging and vivid. The viewer is kept alert by the shifting tone and the contrast between moods enhances the strength of each mood. So, a healthy amount of variety is great there, but adding too much variety can be harmful, just like adding too many seasonings to a dish. For example, with your visuals, if you take things too far with variety, it becomes difficult to keep up. The viewer isn't given enough time to process each thing that's happening on screen, which means they can't absorb anything valuable from the visuals. So, the point I'm making with variety and with your video editing in general is that rather than taking all the spices and tossing in as much as you can, you got to think about the effect each thing you do has and how much of it's needed to create the perfect experience for your audience. So, what can you do to make the algorithm always choose your videos to be the ones that blow up? Here, I'll go ahead and tell you. The algorithm is designed to make the viewer's experience of going on YouTube be as enjoyable as possible. So if your video is predicted to be one of the most enjoyable videos for someone, the algorithm will recommend your video to them. Now, if your video is predicted to be a highly enjoyable video for millions of people, then the algorithm will recommend your video to millions of people. Here's how to do that. Take an audience that you understand. [music] you know what they're interested in and you know what they're seeking for, the experience they want when they go on YouTube. What you need to do is figure out exactly what they want and how to give it better than the competition. For example, with my Terraria channel that I was running when I was 15, I looked at all of my competition. I looked at what videos were getting the most views in my niche and then I compared those videos to my videos. And I kept noticing and then improving the things that they were doing better than I was until eventually I was getting the same or even sometimes even more views than [music] them. So that's what this final component is. It's to study what has gotten the most views in your niche. And you look at those videos and [music] you're going to find out from that what your audience values. What is it that they value? [music] Then you're going to study those videos to figure out how to provide that value better than anyone else can. And that's been my secret to going viral, blowing up with each and every

  Top Comments:
  1. @songsofthesiren874 [3 likes]: So helpful for people new to this! Thank you.
  2. @LearnByLeo [2 likes]: Step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  3. @MichaelTrentColvin: ❤ Outstanding 💯
  4. @garbuio1111: I litterally went to like the video 4 times before it was over. Great content
  5. @LeftoutLevelup: Thank you for sharing
  6. @GottaRush: 8:24 haha, I see what you did there
  7. @shmaklfrunkl: I might be the only mfer that thought the title said "your vid cant stop gooning" im sorry, but it's what i read, and now i have to share with the class
  8. @I_xm_editora_009: Hii
I am an ameture editor 
I usually upload anime edits So how can I increase the views and make it less boring to my viewers
  9. @Comiccrimes: How Did You Create That Map Animation?
  10. @JustANewOpinion: Omg my guy makes the script very interesting <3
  11. @LagHappensPetCrew: Dude, save some viewers for the rest of us….😂
  12. @LagHappensPetCrew: Ok, I need to say this…..

So I’m growing my channel of everyday life my crazy, chaotic, funny and cute pets. AmStaff, and two cats. 
This is a chain of events that led me here watching this video for the 5th time and YouTube’s algorithm knew to put it in front of my eyes….
I knew I needed/wanted REALLY good editing tools so I purchased Premiere Pro with VERY LITTLE knowledge and I wanted to know the basics. And I have been learning quite well and still learning. So I searched “premiere pro tutorials” and it led me to a few videos that really helped (this is where it gets interesting) and I kept watching more of what YouTube was feeding me. I wanted more knowledge that I wasn’t even searching for like this video for example. 
I just searched Premiere tutorials but I ALWAYS want to know more so I ended up with this channel which explained (in great detail) the 4 W’s. I wanted to know more of behind the  editing, how to edit psychologically, how to get my audience to engage more etc. 

That ALL happened within one hour. I’m amazed at how well I was fed with what I was aching to learn. I have 9 pages of notes from watching two of his videos. 
Thank you for the effort you put into these tutorials. 
Was I engaged?? 
Pft…beyond measure..I needed to know more. And more. 
I’ve landed exactly where I needed to land to help my channel grow.
  13. @pluppiscool: 10:27 you had the PERFECT chance to say "or does it?" slowly with the vsauce sound when he asks a question
  14. @Lazan404: Love the video very helpful
  15. @HenriqueBevilacquaEng: Comes back bro
  16. @connorzanoli: This video is so unbelievably good
  17. @MinixOfficial: e
  18. @Rob5kstar: More dubs plss
  19. @StevenBucao-s6i: bros content make watch tell edit, the editing is so good
  20. @Puschkin_Entertainment: Hmmm, yeah, i see you. You are the only Youtube Guru i respect. 👍🏻 
To all the other Small Creators, you should listen to this Man!

- Try Not to Laugh: Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Last night I was driving home. It was about 7:30 and it was pitch black and I was looking around and I was like, "Dang." I said that. I said, "Dang, dang. Fall has really begun, hasn't it?" And then I crashed my car into a tree. And I sat there for a second. I said, "Epic fail." >> Epic fail. >> But it's true. Fall has started. Summer is officially over. I think it's time we ring in the fall by watching a fail compilation of summer fails. We haven't watched a fail compilation in a longass time, potentially ever. Sometimes it's nice to just celebrate the original form of internet virality. The fail compilation. Sorry, I don't know why I'm speaking with so much passion. It's cuz I love epic fails. Who am I? It's so dark. Fall must be here. >> It's so weirdly dark already. It's only 7:30. Must be fall off a cliff. It must be falling off a cliff. Epic fail. By the way, sorry if you can hear loud noises in the background. I don't know if the mic is picking it up. They're like grinding trees right here. Just a full-on wood chipper right there. And just feeding trees, potentially other things, humans. I don't even know. But it just sounds horrific right there like that every 2 seconds. So, sorry if you hear that. And they just started to right before I hit record. It was just The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on? [Music] off. >> Oh my god, you actually hit it. >> You just punch a seagull. Don't worry, babe. I'll always protect you. Dude, you just punched a bird out of the air. That's insanely impressive and hilarious. That's just such a funny phrase. Punched a bird out of the air. I once punched a bird out of the air. Yo, you trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get me over? >> I'm going to beat my >> Oh my god. What a beautiful punch, too. He hit that thing just square in the ribs out of the air. Look at this. >> It stopped flying afterwards. Oh my god, that's so funny. When I said I will always protect you, I was serious. I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a seagull in the air for you, babe. I will literally punch assassinate a seagull. Not the seagull looking back like, damn, never had one hit me back. Seagull's like There's a whole ass pizza just sitting on the beach and this seagull went for the piece in his hand. He was asking for this to happen. This seagull was out here looking for beef. That's what it was. You know, some dudes just go out looking for a fight. You know, just every interaction like what you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yo, I'm in line for the bathroom. Like that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know? >> I'm sitting there >> saving that seat. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Whoa. That's what that seagull was doing. He could have just swooped down and grabbed a piece from the box, but he had to try this guy. >> Yo, you trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get me? >> Equal rights. Equal laps. Did you get something? >> Equal rights. Equal laughs. It's like my favorite video of all time. I punched a bird in the ribs. Oh my god. First of all, insane aura. Like just the aura levels are off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] charts right now with this fit that he's got on. I didn't see that coming at all. I thought he would have gotten launched by that wave and then face full of sand, mouth full of just beach, but instead he got a mouthful of literal butthole. He got a mouthful of dad ass. You're in the crevice. His face is in the crevice. The wave propelled him into the guy's ass and the cheeks split like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Moses. Noah Moses. Who split the ocean? Who lowkey split the ocean? His ass split like Moses. Kids face just pink eye. Dad ass. Epic ass fail. Wow. Oh my god. They're pissed off. How can you be pissed? If you're trying to prank somebody by throwing them in the pool and the same fate happens to you instead, you cannot be pissed at all. If you dish it out, you got to prepare to take it as well. And that was like literally best case scenario for her. That's awesome. Oh my god. It's just instant karma. The phone might have been waterproof. Honestly, that probably destroyed it even more. That's probably what really destroyed it right there. Epic fail. >> Come on, Rodney. Oh my god, his belly. Oh my god. How does the human body even do that? How do you have a toddler stomach as a fully grown? The only people that are built like this are toddlers, pregnant women, and unks, of which I am one, by the way. I'm a chopped unc. [Laughter] Oh, he's really hurt. He's like actually hurt. People are laughing, but he's going to need a spinal fusion after this. I I think he's got the type of injury where the it's got a letter and a number. A5 M2 fusion, you know, that sort of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's got that type of thing. Whatever that is. Yeah, I fractured my L2 L3 vertebraes. That's what injury he has. And he's playing it off like he's fine, but we can tell he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. [Applause] >> I think his back was probably already pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up from supporting that belly. I don't mean to body shame. He's got a belly. Like, he probably would say that. >> You got a belly, right? Come on. >> He's definitely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Uncle almost went into labor. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why didn't I think of that? God damn it. That's good. airbag. Why' they put the airbag on the front? They should have put it on the back. Is he actually okay, though? That's what I'm saying. I don't think he is. I think he's actually hurt. I think everyone else was kind of like, he's going to need surgery. Is the baby okay? Damn. That's not a summer fail at all. That's a summer whatever the opposite of fail is. That's a summer succeed. That means you spent a lot of time outside on the links, my brother. That's a summer well spent. Am I right? Just chipping balls and putting balls and taking long drives. I'm not talking drives. I'm talking drives with the freaking boys sipping some Sudsy ones on the links. Nothing better than that. I actually do like golf. I'm goofing around, but I actually do like golf. Not this much, but I'm sure he does. I think that's a pro golfer. So, that's a summer well spent right there. That's not a fail at all. >> Oh my god. >> His foot. Oh my god. >> Bye-bye, baby. You're good. >> You're good to drive. >> Yeah, clearly he's good. Clearly. Bye-bye, baby. You good? Why'd you even ask? He's obviously good. Obviously, these guys are obviously good to be driving an electric vehicle, for sure. Oh my god. >> They're laughing, but the guy's foot is being crushed. I don't think they're actually okay. I think that guy is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I mean, that's potentially a shattered shin again. Surgery might be needed after that one. It is an epic fail though. I mean, epic fail. Golf cart not supposed to be on its side like that. Epic fail. >> Ah, that's good. That's good. God, these comments are always so funny. The worst part is he was obviously not good to drive and they still let him. That's exactly what happens in real life. What did we just watch then? Was that not real life? Was that AI or something? I don't know what's real anymore. Or she means like with a real car. That's what happens with a real car on the streets. Yeah. No, that's a good point. She probably was being a little bit more lenient seeing as it was a golf cart on a golf course, but you can still get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up driving those things. I mean, look at that exhibit A right there. I have a golf cart story. Not proud of this one, but we were night golfing actually on a beautiful golf course in Kona in the Big Island. I don't know. We were in Hawaii. We were night golfing with balls that glowed in the dark. And someone was like, "Just make sure you do not drive the cart near the sand traps cuz that's how people die. They don't see them and they carine off." And similar to this, right? We had had a few to drink. All right. Again, not proud of this. There was nobody on the course at all. It was just us. And sure enough, I drove the golf cart into a sand trap by accident. just this is so much fun. Luckily didn't get hurt, but then we had to figure out how to get it out. It was a steep one. Eventually, we just pedal to the floor directly at the wall of this thing and just somehow made it out. This was like 10 years ago. And uh after we made it out, we looked at each other. We said, "Epic fail. Oh my god, you just got trout slapped. That was insane. Just randomly. What are the odds of that? That's got to be honestly like a good omen. Just a quick slap from a trout that just jumped out of the lake. That's insane. Poor kids. I mean, that would be so scary. That would be so frightening. Just sitting there peacefully with your family and then you just get this just slimy wet slap in the face. She's already not having a good time. That did not make her day any better. I mean, it's trying to body check this kid in the face. How did it make so much contact with all of them? Oh, the poor kid like kind of landed on his head though a little bit. That's sad. Those kids are going to have trauma from that for sure. I don't think any of them are going to go fishing ever, ever again in life. They'll be hanging out one day with, you know, somebody when they're older and they're like, "You ever been fishing?" And they'll turn like this. Fishing? No. Not since the slap. The what? The trout slap. I got my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rocked one time from a trout. Right here. He's like, "Maybe wakeboarding isn't for me. Is this how it's supposed to be done?" He was just faceboarding. That's what he was doing. He was water boarding. Stupid ass joke. Why didn't he just let go sooner? Why was he trying to salvage that? I tried to salvage it, but eventually I just realized I'm just swallowing a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of water. It's killing me. Oh my god. I think the water is going in his nose and then coming out of his mouth like this. His mouth's wake. Yeah. Couldn't do it. Sorry. Couldn't Couldn't get up. Couldn't get up. Damn, dude. I'm having fun right now. It's also so much funnier that he didn't mean to be funny. Like like his face here is totally normal. Like he didn't know how embarrassing that was. Which makes it so much better. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Didn't work. Yeah. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why did you hold on so long? What were you trying to do? Drink the lake. >> Three. Dad. Then go. >> I'm worried about my news. >> What's with these boomers and slip and slides? If you're over the age of 50, you should not ever ever do a slip and slide ever. >> God damn. >> God damn. God damn. Oh, god damn. Yeah, I don't think that's what you were supposed to do. I don't think a slip and slide is supposed to do that. More like a roll down the hill. >> You need to leave. >> That was not funny, Cord. Don't be laughing. >> Don't be laughing now. I think I fractured my L4 L3. Definitely slipped the disc on that one, honey. Definitely feels like it's my L6 A4 vertebrae. >> Dang, there were no Dawn on there. >> Why are you slip and sliding in a shirt? Why you wearing a shirt? >> It's pretty good. There weren't no Dawn on there. Why did Papa stop drop and roll? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that celebration? Hands in. Let's do the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jerk off celebration. Hands in, guys. Let's do the jack off jizz celebration. Hands in. Come on. Good base hit, brother. Come in here. Let's do the spank off. Come celebration. Tongue out, Jeremy. Somebody has to catch the jizz. Jeremy, what is this fake dick that we're all jacking off going to come on the field? No, Jeremy. Tongue out. Cameraman zooming out quick. He's like, whoa, was not supposed to see that. Whoopsie. God forbid a little team bonding goes on. Yeah, I'm sorry. Sorry that the boys are celebrating. Sorry that they're all happy and have all agreed on the same way to simultaneously celebrate. Sorry. Wow, didn't realize that was illegal now. Sorry. Didn't realize jacking off a ghost penis with your boys was illegal. Didn't realize that. Sorry. >> Where that last piece of grass is, that's not really a leg. >> Classic fail. That was a good old classic fail right there. Just a bail. Just someone getting hurt. Someone just getting broken ribs. Good oldfashioned fail. I like that they warned her right before, too. Hey, just so you know, that's not a ledge right there as she mistakes it for a ledge. that's not really a ledge. >> I mean, she made it in. That was like kind of like mission failed successfully a little bit. That was such a good sound. Oh man, that's from the America's Funniest Videos official channel. That's how you know it's a good fail. Summertime summer. # summertime summer. #fails #fail #fail army. That's what we are right now. If you love being part of the fail army, can you hit the like button right now? And go ahead and hit the subscribe button, too. And if you don't, that's an epic fail. # comedy #pooljump. Oh, >> okay. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you trying to do? You know, some of these it's like, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Also, why are you in plaid shorts with a belt on? What are you doing? Where are your swim trunks? That's the first problem. Like, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're in plaid golf shorts. What are you doing? I can kind of see what he was trying to do. But like, you got to know that you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that up. You have to know. It's a steep ass slide. You got to just trust that you don't really have a grasp on like the physics situation going on in this scenario. Oh god, that's just that's definitely I mean that could be a fractured L4 L5, but I I'd probably say that's at least a fractured rib. At least >> again. >> Did he say again? >> Again. >> Again? Oh man, two times in a row. When will I learn my lesson? All right, let's try it again. Oh, >> yeah. I actually don't know if that sound was the slide. I think that might have been his actual rib cage making that sound. Sitting on your boyfriend's shoulders at the yacht party is cute until Oh. Oh, no. I can already tell this is going to be so bad. Okay, that wasn't actually as bad as I thought it was going to be. That's like the back of the boat. That thing's hard. That's not like a floaty. Yeah. I mean, she straight up both of her quads on that thing. I mean, that was just so dumb doing this on this like slippery ass back boat section. So dumb. I like that. He's like, "Oh, yo, y'all see that?" And his friends are kind of like, "Yo, is she good though?" Like, jump in there, bro. Oh, I can't believe I just did that, bro. Am I right? D me out, dog. D me up. I am a wild child, my guy. For sure, dude. Hop in there. Is she good? She might have just broken her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pelvis. Again, another beautiful water board going. I love that her body like didn't change positions at all. The board just went and she just stay. She really said just accepted it. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deserve this. Why did I let go of the boogie board? I'm such a klutz. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deser just just water just I deserve it. I suck. It looks like you guys lit a car on fire. What is that even? That's the most violent fire I've ever seen. Why is it also like tornadoing? What kind of sorcery is this? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This looks like a oil rig fire. Did you light an oil rig on fire? Yeah. Something tells me we're not cooking s'mores tonight, babe. Actually, you probably could cook a mean s'more on that from like where they're standing, you know? Just pulled out a stick with a marshmallow on it. What is this? Burning Man. Epic Bond fail. >> Epic bond fail. >> Bad bad joke, dude. Sometimes, you know, you got to lose some to win some. >> Oh no. Where'd she go? Is she good? >> Where did the lady go? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened to her? She vanished. Oh my god. Perfect place to stop it right there. I think she got eaten by like a manatee or something. A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Loch Ness monster or something like that got her. She fell in the water and then she was like dawn. What is that green? What is that? That's the monster. She got sucked into the depths. Where did she go? The way she just disappeared. Is she okay? I need results. No, she got sucked under by a sea monster for sure. It's not funny. >> Uh, yeah. When I said well done, I didn't. >> Epic fail. That ain't grillin. That's a straight up cremation. How does that even happen? It's >> not funny. >> It's pretty funny. Objectively, it's pretty funny. What even is that? What are these things that are on fire in these videos? Um, close the lid. People in these comments act like it's easy to be logical, you know, like a panicked ass situation like that. When something is on fire, sometimes it's hard to have like the wherewithal to be like, "Wait a minute, what fuels a fire?" It's oxygen, isn't it? So, if we starve the fire of oxy, you know, you're just like, "Ah." That's what your brain thinks in that moment is that's the only thought you're having. Big ass flame middle of the backyard. The only thing you're thinking is that's it. Just wait a minute. Hold on. Stop panicking. What fuels a fire? Think about it. What does a fire need to really go like this? A lot of what? Oxygen. Exactly. So, what I think we should do potentially simply close the lid. The only thing you're thinking is, "Ah," and then you're like, "Grab the thing. Get the off." Then before you know, you're stabbing. Like, what is she even trying to do? She got like the tongs and the slider. She's trying to slide this flaming turkey into a pan that this woman is not holding correctly. That's what ends up happening. I don't know what it is. It's the human condition, you know. Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. And then before you know it, the whole place is on fire. Get the lighter fluid. Spray anything on here. Spray the lighter fluid on here. That'll put it out. Sorry for yelling. >> A damn. I mean, I guess at that point the only way out is through. It's >> like there's nothing we can do at this point, kid. Your fate has been sealed. >> A damn, that's a bummer. Just picturing a trout coming out of nowhere and slapping that kid in the face right now. How? What if he farts? Then it smells like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there. What do you mean, what if he farts? Then it stinks in that little capsule. Obviously, >> every single video I see of one of these slides, it's somebody eating [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Like, those things should be illegal. I think I don't think anyone has gone down one of those successfully. I think they're made to hurt people. Although, why did he go so much slower than her? She hit the nause button at the top. Like, she had so much speed. Why? What do you What did you grease up your bathing suit before this? I hope she's okay. Did that hurt? No. I'm sure it felt good, actually. I think it probably was the opposite of hurt. I think it was probably pleasurable landing on your ribs from 5 ft up in the air. I think it probably felt really good. >> My wife don't believe that. I can't I can't jump. >> I do. That's why I'm recording it. I want the world to believe you, too. So, when you say it, >> my knees. >> Not a good start. It went exactly how I thought it was going to go. >> It's one of those dumbass dude moments, you know, where you're like, "Yeah, should have trusted my wife on that one." >> What is it? What is it? I love that every video is a water slide fail. Ban water parks. Ban them. I'm starting a movement. Ban water parks. They're not safe. Was she drowning? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? Why did she just sit up? What is happening? Is she dying? God, that would be a horrific place to die at the base of a water slide. Just like not only are you contracting some sort of skin disease, it's also the base of a water slide. You didn't even die like launching off of it or like it, you know, like maybe it splits right here and you like carine out and splat on the ground from like 20 ft up. That would be a cool way. You know, when someone says water slide death, you picture the last video of the girl like flying off it. That's what you picture. You don't picture someone drowning in shallow water at the bottom after finishing the water slide safely. Why did she just sit up? What What is happening? She's like a fish. survival instincts of a newborn baby. At that point, it's meant to be. Just sit up. I don't understand. Did you not have the stomach strength to sit up? Then why are you on a water slide? >> You can tell even the lifeguards like I've never I don't even know what to do in this situation. How do I even save you from this? It's not even a savable situation. I'm trying to guard your life, but you're not guarding your own life. >> We're so sorry. >> These are the best videos ever. We did a whole vid on this on the podcast back in the day. Just go. >> The best part about these is that it always happens twice. They wake up from this. Like he's passed out right now, right? Completely limp just at the complete and utter whim of gravity. And then he's going to wake up and he's probably going to pass out again. As he wakes up, realizes what's happening and then his body's like, "Nope, we're out. It's also he's going to wake up with like serious whiplash tomorrow morning. He's going to be like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened to me? Did I get hit by a car? Oh my god." Sounds like he just did a whip. It >> Poor guy. >> Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Better eat pasta. >> Good morning. >> He just passed. >> Poor guy. I feel bad for him. I thought Bro was locking in, but he was just absolutely terrified. I didn't realize in the beginning he's like completely stoic. Like, wow, this dude's got balls of steel. Oh, wait. He's completely unconscious. So funny to pass out in the first two seconds of that ride. It's like you're just not built for that. I'm dying, dude. I thought bro was aura farming for a second. I mean, yeah, you could crop out the first 5 seconds of this video and chuck that on your story. Farm some aura for sure. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's so good. All right, I'm done. Man, that was epic. What an epic video. Make sure you hit the like button and subscribe as well to the channel and I will see you by fail. Oh, what an epic fail. I get it all and then I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @achiievher: The last two videos had me screaming 😂😂😂😂..these videos make my day...
  2. @jessewilliams2698: Trout is only fish in Canada.
  3. @KimiikoZ: One time my uncle threw a rock and it hit a seagull. He panicked because he thought he killed it. He and my dad quickly picked it up and threw it in the trash. Awhile later it flew out of the trash lol.
  4. @YourMomActress: Unc is absolutely an alcoholic. Well that’s not even a beer belly that’s an inflamed liver.
  5. @Naejakire3: Equal rights equal left's is something incels say.. Basically, if women want equal rights, they have to be ok with being beat by men or some shit.. So.. That's weird..
  6. @electrifyyy723: Mans on the bungee launch was faking
  7. @nathantrejo5345: 24:28 wonder what happened
  8. @morsedaakter1850: I would’ve told the tan line guy light bulb head I see you’ve got a bright idea
  9. @SubhamDikhit-s1e: anybody know what song is being played at 16:39 btw? i’ve heard the song a bunch but forget the name of it
  10. @CFLDance: When you keep referring to L-4, L-5
Thats sections of the lumbar spine
Just as a random info 😅
  11. @ash.quickyt: something like the fish i was on a canoe withmy dad and a geese came over and bit me, since then been terefied
  12. @MstSony-x5v: 2:16
  13. @MstSony-x5v: 1:59 2:00
  14. @itstaradude: cody be doing whippets
  15. @melaniehernandez5279: Those kids are gonna have TROUTMA lmao
  16. @elysiaorionn: cody out here saving my life
  17. @margaretporter9889: smokes cig "I got my sh** rocked one time from a trout"
  18. @ItsFreshItsAnne: I'm dying over Google search "who split the ass" 😂😂😂😂 Straight pink eye
  19. @jakecurtis1267: Need a winter fail video now
  20. @caroleejones4571: People have died on those water slides.

- FailArmy's Favorite Viral Clips | Instant Regret Fails Countdown: Kind: captions Language: en OH MY GOD. >> [laughter] >> THIS WAS IN THERE. Please identify because is this a snake? I want you. All right, it's time to unear my car. Let's see how bad the uh the wonderful snow plows of New York buried my car. I don't know if it's that bad. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How the hell? >> Well, this was lap number three or four, >> dude. This is This is second lap. This is third lap. >> Here he comes. >> Why are you still making it? >> This is so >> It's like Tom and Jerry. Oh, this cop sucks. Oh no. Get in there, bro. Get in get in your garage. Hurry up and get in your garage. [laughter] >> Here he comes again. OH. OH, [screaming] DAMN. >> OH, >> BRO, get out of there. All right. >> Yo, if anybody else in that other building catches this footage, send it over here. >> [groaning] >> I cleaned this out a week ago. Swept, mopped, bleached everything. And look, there is there's one right now. There's a mouse looking at me in my face. The audacity of this Let's go behind. [cheering] >> Jake, finish it off. >> Oh yeah. >> Whoa. >> Wait a minute. Oh my god. No. >> Who's that? >> [screaming] >> Slip and fall. OH, PIMP DOWN. PIMP IN THIS GRASS. Oh my god. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh no. I have no freaking words. Help. >> All right, ma'am. So, you're going to receive a citation for wireless communication device handheld while driving. You can't We got to put the phone down as we upgrade a motor vehicle. >> Okay. And you put on there that you saw me with my right hand holding it. Yeah, >> I did not put that. No, if you want to take it over. >> But that's what you said when you pulled me over. Yes. That you saw me holding my device with my right hand. >> Not disagreeing with you. Yes. That's what I said. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Oh my god. She's She's actually going to hit me in the >> Can you fit? >> Yes. Jacob, >> you got this. What are you doing? >> I just I want to see your phone. >> He's not getting out of there. Ridiculous. Oh my >> my >> [snorts] >> Are you okay? >> Give me a second to like, you know, think about life. And >> oh my god, I just came home and this is what my husband did for me. >> I'm just playing. I'm in Dollar Tree. Oh my god. >> Oh my god. Did it hurt? >> No. NO. [screaming] >> NO. >> OH, you're the best. PERFECT. >> DAMN. >> Get me. Yeah, I got >> How much do you want? So, I just did a Honey, you fall down the stairs like Oh, okay. Fall down the stairs. Bye. >> No, it's not a blah blah blah. Alexa, spell broccoli. >> B R O C C O L I I. >> Are there two I's in broccoli? Broccoli has just one letter I at the end. >> Okay, but you just spelled it with two I's. >> Let me spell it again clearly. B R O C C O L I. >> Alexa, spell broccoli. >> Why are you adding another I at the end of the word? >> Let me spell it one more time. Nice and slow. B R >> C O L I >> Alexa, you're gaslighting me. >> Go on. No. That's [laughter] funny. Wee. left hand. This is the final. Whoa. >> I was busy down. Sometimes when you get is definitely moving. >> Did you get that? >> Here goes daddy swinging on a swing. >> Let daddy to THE RESCUE. [screaming] OKAY. >> You think that belonging? >> The rear end out of it. >> Guys, guys. Guys, GO. >> CHEERS. Is she doing okay [laughter] or what? >> Are you all right? Hey, Well, I got a bad feeling. IS IT GOOD? OH. HEY, I FIGURED out where the oil's coming or going. God damn it. >> GOSH. Oh my god. [screaming] >> It's something Okay. So you get in here [laughter] silly. That's how >> babies. >> Yeah. Okay. Don't let you. >> Damn. Damn. Damn. >> Baby, back up. >> Oh, you. He can't. It ain't no way to escape. >> Ain't no [laughter] way to escape it. >> Just stop right here at >> Hold on. Cuz >> Hold on, babe. >> Hold on. No, >> he's he's trying to pull off. He's trying to pull off, y'all. >> He trying to pull off. He about to the whole McDonald's up. >> Uh, babe, do not get out this car. Do not get out this car. He is going to leave. That's a way to the board. I got this for you. Oh god. Oh my god. Are you okay? Go. What do you Stop. Son of a >> What the hell? The windshield's a little dirty. I think I'll get the [sighs] That's nice. Let's keep that clean. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dippy-Dawg6877 [22 likes]: #23  "Now I believe my Mom when she always told me I was a hard head."
  2. @joetrolo7076 [1 likes]: 11:22 Alexa definitely gas lights when it's wrong. I was searching for the TV show House. It kept doing nothing and leaving me on the homepage. I questioned it on it and I said I've asked you to show me results for house three times and you've done nothing and it said I certainly have. I've gone to the homepage each time. I asked if I had asked for the homepage or for house, there is a difference and it suddenly gave me the correct results. I thought it was so douchey about it
  3. @famos0328 [1 likes]: 06:30 she probably broke her phone to prove it point 😊
08:11 give me a second to like think about life
  4. @RedTailedHaack [1 likes]: 1:19 oooo… yeah uh any sign with those three letters in a row needs religious round the clock maintenance 😂
  5. @lucasmelee: guys on #73 needs to find some crows and feed them everyday, that will solve the other birb problems
  6. @videomailYT: 6:15 #91 ^^ imagine you're the judge and someone without a right Hand is in court and the case say she was holding the Phone with the right Hand 😅
  7. @clavd8932: 91 🤣
  8. @robhaver8704: To this day i do’nt understand why quads and snowmobiles do’nt have a suicide-cord just as water-scooters are mandatory to have… (…..)
  9. @BakunLT: That very first one was brutal
  10. @MrYfrank14: If you have a mouse in your pantry, get a cat. Even if you have to borrow one from a neighbor.  Once she picks up the scent, she will sit there all day waiting for it. If he has a family, she will find mom and the babies.
  11. @lorrax: 111: the audacity!!
  12. @NaroghnRhydjosyn-fd7ns: 1:19 cuming soon to a store near you.
  13. @davidbaker2626: Many Royal Enfields were lost that fateful day...
  14. @karakatanga8126: 0:55 Rest in Peace Monkey leg.
  15. @LOLDashShorts: 🤣🤣
  16. @paulashe61: What year is it? Bristol boys yeah!
  17. @TueDaGurizada: 15:40 Brasil 🇧🇷
  18. @stmartin17773: These are crap.
  19. @stmartin17773: I don't know who needs to hear this but tattoos make you insta ugly don't fall for the psyop. Leave your beautiful skin pristine. Work it out.
  20. @roadrunner2886: laaangweilig

- Rico's most viral videos. #shorts #viral: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] helicopter helicopter helicopter too many times okay say mommy mommy mommy mommy yo yo danielle oh no our table it's broken hmm hi guys i'm a forest i'm scream what are you doing so don't flirt with him i'm not going to all this time she was standing there she never took her eyes off me can you say banana okay first question oh my god look what's three plus two i know that i've known that since kindergarten that is so easy that's five i'm about to get hundred on this test this is so easy man okay i don't know this one but that's fine it's only question two we'll just come back to you later all right next question next question wake up mommy i just missed the bus i just pissed the bed hey ted ted come here the baby's about to say his first words what's up with you you want to catch these hands yeah i screamed yeah hey did i stutter i'm currently in the car with my parents and they don't know this but i just my pants mommy i need you to change me here's a surprising reason why your biceps aren't going as fast as they could be it's because we're not taking steroids it's because we're not taking steroids that's why our biceps aren't growing as fast you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ricoanimations0 [103 likes]: Use this link 👇
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOicc9kd58k_XR3D7bTx8oA/join
To join channel membership to access perks and also support my animations 😁😁
  2. @kevinfawcett2318 [1 likes]: 1:16 yo yo what?
  3. @HelloMeYou-c1o [1 likes]: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂What is this
  4. @NathanOfADown [1 likes]: hell yeah
  5. @user-px9zn9cs3c [1 likes]: 10/100
  6. @Razzledazzle-x9y [1 likes]: Meme!
  7. @AishaAyo-l8d: ❤❤
  8. @RyanTrixie-y4v: 😂
  9. @MorenaRosa-g8b: 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀☠️☠️☠️☠️
  10. @KeishaHarbour: 🌛🦙🗽🧕🎡🍢👃👒🦹‍♀️♀️♟️💱❕🚪🚺🤹‍♀️
  11. @KeishaHarbour: 😀😃😄😁😆😅😂😭😉😗😙😚😘🥰😍🤩🥳🫠🙃🙂🥲🥹😊☺️😌😏🤤😋😛😝😜🤪😔🥺😬😑😐😶😶‍🌫️🫥🤐🫡🤔🤫🫢🤭🥱🤗🫣😱🤨🧐😒🙄😮‍💨😤😠😡🤬😞😓😟😥😢☹️🙁🫤😕😰😨😧😦😮😯😲😳🤯😖😣😩😫😵😵‍💫🫨🥴🥵🥶🤢🤮😴😪🤧🤒🤕😷🤥😇🤠🤑🤓😎🥸🤡💩😈👿👻💀☠️🤖👹👺☃️⛄👽👾🌚🌝🌞🌛🌜😺😸😹😻😼😽🙀😿😾🙈🙉🙊💫⭐🌟✨⚡💥💢💨💤🕳️🔥💯🎉🎊❤️🧡💛💚🩵💙💜🤎🖤🩶🤍🩷💘💝💖💗💓💞💕💌💟♥️❣️❤️‍🩹💔❤️‍🔥💋🫂👥👤🗣️👣💦🧠🫀🫁🩸🦠🦷🦴👀👁️👄🫦👅👃👂🦻🦶🦵🦿🦾💪👏👍👎🫶🙌👐🤲🤜🤛✊👊🫳🫴🫱🫲🫸🫷👋🤚🖐️✋🖖🤟🤘✌️🤞🫰🤙🤌🤏👌🫵👉👈☝️👆👇🖕✍️🤳🙏💅🤝🙇🙋💁🙆🙅🤷🤦🙍🙎🧏💆💇🧖🛀🛌🧘🧍🤸🧎🧑‍🦼🧑‍🦽🧑‍🦯🚶🏃⛹️🤾🚴🚵🧗🏋️🤼🤼‍♂️🤼‍♀️🤹🏌️🏇🤺⛷️🏂🪂🏄🚣🏊🤽🧜🧚🧞🧝🧙🧛🧟🧌🦸🦹🧑‍🎄🥷💂🫅🤵👰🧑‍🚀👷👮🕵️🧑‍✈️🧑‍🔬🧑‍⚕️🧑‍🔧🧑‍🏭🧑‍🚒🧑‍🌾🧑‍🏫🧑‍🎓🧑‍💼🧑‍⚖️🧑‍💻🧑‍🎤🧑‍🎨🧑‍🍳👳🧕👲👼👶🧒🧑🧓🧑‍🦳🧑‍🦰👱🧑‍🦱🧑‍🦲🧔🕴️💃🕺👯👯‍♂️👯‍♀️🧑‍🤝‍🧑👭👬👫💏👩‍❤️‍💋‍👨👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩💑👩‍❤️‍👨👩‍❤️‍👩🫄🤱🧑‍🍼💐🌹🥀🌺🌷🪷🌸💮🏵️🪻🌻🌼🍂🍁🍄🌾🌿🌱🍃☘️🍀🪴🌵🌴🌳🌲🪵🪹🪺🪨⛰️🏔️☃️⛄🌡️🔥🌋🏜️🏞️🌅🌄🏝️🏖️🌊🌬️❄️🌀🌪️⚡☔🌈💧☁️🌧️🌩️⛈️🌦️🌥️⛅🌤️☀️🌞🌝🌚🌜🌛🌙⭐🌟✨🕳️🪐🌍🌎🌏🌫️🌠🌌☄️🌑🌒🌓🌔🌕🌖🌗🌘🙈🙉🙊🐵🦁🐯🐱🐶🐺🐻🐻‍❄️🐨🐼🐹🐭🐰🦊🐮🐷🐽🐗🦄🐴🫎🐲🦎🐉🦖🦕🐢🐊🐍🛑⚓🩼🚚🛺🚋🚧🚏🚲🚛🚌🚎🚨🚇🛵🚜🚈🚞⛽🚥🏍️🏎️🚝🚊🛢️🚦🚙🚒🚅🚉🧭🛴🚗🚑🚄🚍🛞🦽🛻🚓🚂🚔🛟🦼🚐🚃🚘🚋🚖🛶🛫🗼🕍🚛🚲🚌🚎🚆🚟🛬🗽🕌🛵🚜🚈🚞🚢🚠🛩️🗿🕋🪅🎂🎂🎂🎂🎁🎇🎆🎂🎈🎉🧨🧧🧧🪔🪅🪩🎐🎎🎎🎗️🏆🏒🏉🏉📢🏸🏒🎾🏒🏒🥌🏏🏅🛷🎾
  12. @KeishaHarbour: 🇿🇲🇿🇼🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🇻🇳🇻🇺🇼🇫🇼🇸🇽🇰🇾🇪🇾🇹🇿🇦🇺🇸🇺🇾🇺🇿🇻🇦🇻🇨🇻🇪🇻🇬🇻🇮🇹🇹🇹🇻🇹🇼🇹🇿🇺🇦🇺🇬🇺🇲🇺🇳🇹🇭🇹🇯🇹🇰🇹🇱🇹🇲🇹🇳🇹🇴🇸🇽🇸🇽🇸🇾🇸🇿🇹🇦🇹🇨🇹🇩🇹🇫🇹🇬🇸🇱🇸🇲🇸🇳🇸🇴🇸🇷🇸🇸🇸🇹🇸🇻🇸🇨🇸🇩🇸🇪🇸🇬🇸🇭🇸🇮🇸🇯🇸🇰🇶🇦🇷🇪🇷🇴🇷🇸🇷🇺🇷🇼🇸🇦🇸🇧🇵🇱🇵🇲🇵🇳🇵🇷🇵🇸🇵🇹🇵🇼🇵🇾🇳🇿🇴🇲🇵🇦🇵🇪🇵🇫🇵🇬🇵🇭🇵🇰🇳🇫🇳🇬🇳🇮🇳🇱🇳🇴🇳🇵🇳🇷🇳🇺🇲🇻🇲🇼🇲🇽🇲🇾🇲🇿🇳🇦🇳🇨🇳🇪🇲🇳🇲🇴🇲🇵🇲🇶🇲🇷🇲🇸🇲🇹🇲🇺🇲🇩🇲🇪🇲🇫🇲🇬🇲🇭🇲🇰🇲🇱🇲🇲🇱🇷🇱🇸🇱🇹🇱🇺🇱🇻🇱🇾🇲🇦🇲🇨🇰🇼🇰🇾🇰🇿🇱🇦🇱🇧🇱🇨🇱🇮🇱🇰🇰🇪🇰🇬🇰🇭🇰🇮🇰🇲🇰🇳🇰🇵🇰🇷🇮🇶🇮🇷🇮🇸🇮🇹🇯🇪🇯🇲🇯🇴🇯🇵🇭🇺🇮🇨🇮🇩🇮🇪🇮🇱🇮🇲🇮🇳🇮🇴🇬🇺🇬🇼🇬🇾🇭🇰🇭🇲🇭🇳🇭🇷🇭🇹🇬🇱🇬🇲🇬🇳🇬🇵🇬🇶🇬🇷🇬🇸🇬🇹🇬🇦🇬🇧🇬🇩🇬🇪🇬🇫🇬🇬🇬🇭🇬🇮🇫🇷🇫🇴🇫🇲🇫🇰🇫🇯🇫🇮🇪🇺🇪🇹🇩🇿🇪🇦🇪🇨🇪🇪🇪🇬🇪🇭🇪🇷🇪🇸🇩🇴🇩🇲🇪🇭🇪🇬🇪🇪🇪🇨🇪🇦🇩🇿🇨🇾🇨🇿🇩🇪🇩🇬🇩🇯🇩🇰🇩🇲🇩🇴🇨🇽🇨🇼🇨🇻🇨🇺🇨🇷🇨🇵🇨🇴🇨🇳
  13. @jorskaracolatse1050: 0:08
  14. @Nexinseditz: Rixo heart me  if u have aura  pls im a fan
  15. @Joelmassy4810: Luxury rolls-rouce and a Luxury hote😮😮😮😮how awesome is that 😊😊😊
  16. @Joelmassy4810: 😂😂😂😂😂😂so funny i like this funny show😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @Joelmassy4810: Helicopter helicopter 🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁🚁
  18. @SolomonOkechuckwu: Fahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhyh shhhh 😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅
  19. @killbill5572: Man Rico animations is my favorite YouTuber
  20. @Declannelvana: Come to kings court and vist my home I will show you

- Why every Johnny Harris video goes viral: Kind: captions Language: en this airport this texas army this is look at this look at things how does one person create videos explaining everything from mcdonald's ice cream machines to venezuela's border crisis and get millions of views on every single one i mean johnny harris even got nominated for an emmy which is like okay it isn't that johnny harris is an expert in these topics it isn't his fancy animations other people do that and never go viral so what is it johnny it's my formula the formula visual evidence then context and while these two pieces seem simple to use their viral power comes from johnny weaving them together in a way that no one else is even attempting to here's proof step one look at johnny harris's venezuelan border crisis explainer millions of people have fled venezuela step two compare it to this pbs explainer of the same topic millions of venezuelans have fled step three label every section as providing either visual evidence or context step four attach a musical note to every contact section and a new note to each new piece of visual evidence step five listen to them in order for the pbs piece you can hear long droning sections of context and only sparse visual evidence but in johnny's video listen to how the opening section is jammed with varied repeating visual evidence context sections are short and pulsed rhythmically between sections of visual you just experienced johnny harris's explanation secret sauce visual evidence then context visual evidence then context or from the audience's perspective experience it understand it experience understand it this repeating two-part structure is how he gets millions of views but it's something that anyone can do here's how number one i experience it visual anchors look at the first three minutes of the video and you'll see these visual anchors visual anchors also known as visual are things that you can point your camera out that exists in the world that show whatever it is you're trying to say visual anchors are everything in the first three minutes of this eight minute video everything is just visual anchors there's no context no explanation why would you give evidence without any context well johnny harris knows that understanding something begins with experiencing it on some level so even without explicit context good visual anchors things that are striking and tangible an intuitive sense of the context but visual anchors are easy to get wrong look at this pbs clip economic catastrophe inflation is predicted to be one million percent pulverizing incomes if you need proof of how bad this visual is look at johnny harris do you need proof of how bad it is in venezuela right now look at this purse this purse is made entirely of the bills of the venezuelan currency rather than describing abstract pulverized incomes johnny makes you look at a purse literally made of what should have been people's incomes this commitment to pointing his camera and our attention at vivid visuals is so core to johnny he gave it his own creative name i call it look at this thing these trams these donkeys you just sign these 100-page instruction manuals this banana let's talk about tea the bookstore i'm in a village a venezuelan style hot dog ice cream cone this airport this textbook this army barracks this is me look at this purse look at the explosive look at this bridge look at how this pbs explainer deferred visual evidence to later in the piece attempting to establish understanding by having viewers hear about the context johnny does the opposite when i'm thinking about a story i'm thinking about what visual anchors are the best i'm gonna put those up front to get them bought in and get them saying like wow i understand this thing because i'm looking at these these different things and once we've seen it johnny creates continuity by repeating these visual anchors throughout you can't just have a video or a piece that's just all visual anchors you need context if people are going to start to understand this you need to have the bridge in between them number two i understand contextual bridges between visual anchors these bridge sections are what we traditionally think of as explaining but they're a minority of the video and as a rule always come after visual anchors anchor bridge anchor bridge is my formula and here's why his formula works visual anchors zoom in to let us experience the topic bridges zoom out to fill in the context look at how johnny harris zooms in to show us visual evidence of economic crisis then zooms out to answer our curiosity of how that crisis happened before zooming back in to show us visual evidence of the resulting mass migration in school we're taught to explain using context than evidence but anchor bridge is the reverse of that and it's this reversal that enables johnny harris to command our attention so well they're like what is this and then they will sit through four minutes of history in context listen to johnny harris's piece again and you'll hear johnny making us look at this thing relentlessly until we're hungry for context that bridges us directly to the next piece of visual evidence and how like a character in a story visual anchors repeat again and again it shows johnny harris's skill but it also reveals a deeper truth for anyone seeking to convey knowledge that good explanation doesn't start up in our head but rather rests on a body of vivid experience the story of this video begins with a rant by this creative powerhouse michelle mcgee she was asking why does johnny harris have to say look at this thing so much we found within a huge video a small chunk where he explains why those are the clips you saw in this video after a lot of work from michelle g my crave editor and eleanor we got this one thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [15000 likes]: Wow. Yep you got it right. Nice work.
  2. @ballenmedia [1 likes]: Here's an idea: Our senses peak our interest, our interest peaks our understanding. Senses - Interest - Understanding.
  3. @gRIZZly_Pear [1 likes]: He probably uses bot farms
  4. @Aafanyu: sum bullshit
  5. @ParkerRex: Wow
  6. @jdubfreeman: 0:03 what editing style is that?
  7. @proudgoyimm: I don't think they're very good honestly, just because a video seems very professional with millions of views doesn't always mean it's one of the best forms of quality content
  8. @Primeval_Files-j8g: You really explained well
  9. @alexavasquez1992: it also doesn't hurt that he's ruggedly handsome
  10. @Dancing_Alone_wRentals: tHank you then.....tHank you now! 
I just found this video again......three years later.  I liked it then but didn't understand.....Today I didn't even recognize the video but experiences have now helped the lesson take root.
  11. @HomieVlogs: It's just show and tell.
  12. @XHY-IAN: pretty like scientific paper logic . john could mAKke a good phd thesis
  13. @krzeszewski: harris is std of youtube
  14. @krakenx17: i hate jump cut shit !!!!! blablablablablablaaaaa
  15. @AnimeLingri: He makes very good geo politics video . Wish i had histroy teacher like that
  16. @tkd1-e8k: hes a jewish plant and a midwit
  17. @ВПоискахПравды-ь6э: Can you speak a little "faster" so we can grasp a little from that knowledge?
  18. @cravetheplanet: Great work
  19. @jonathanlivingston7358: You did t define “context” exactly
  20. @Asmaraዓለመይ: I watch all his videos even videos about stories I’ve no knowledge or interest in lol

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- When going viral ruins your life: Kind: captions Language: en From going homeless to having a drug addiction to facing jail time to quite literally having to create a sex tape with your sibling for rent money, there's many people whose lives have been destroyed by going viral and their 15 minutes of fame. We've always heard the term that all publicity is good publicity. Because it seems like what everybody wants on this planet is two things, money and fame. A study done in 2023 revealed that around 57% of people between the age of 13 and 26 would become an influencer if they had the opportunity to do so. And after all, why wouldn't they? To most people, being internet famous seems to have endless perks. I know you, the person watching this video, has definitely thought about it. Don't lie to me. I know you have. But what about the dark sides of becoming an influencer that no one really seems to talk about? Today, we're going to talk about them. So, let's cut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get right into it. Guys Raza was a regular kid from high school with a love for sci-fi. He was helping his friends film a parody of popular movies, including Star Wars. When he was all alone, he filmed a video of himself swinging around a golf ball retriever, pretending to be a Jedi, all for fun. He put the tape on the shelf of the basement in the high school studio, thinking that no one would ever see it. But a couple months later, some kids from his high school found the tape and posted it online. Within 2 weeks, the video started to go very, very viral, and he was deemed as the Star Wars kid. Now, this was in 2003, like years before YouTube even existed. The idea of going viral on the internet was a very, very new thing. This video spread in a way that like no other video ever has spread before. It was going crazy on websites like Kuzah, Lomwire, and Waxy. And considering that you guys don't know what any of those are, it shows just how old this video really is. It's estimated that this video alone did 900 accumulated views everywhere, which is insane. It became a very staple, viral video and had a timeless legacy. What really made this video spread even harder was the excessive hilarious edits that people made of it. It was referenced in shows like American Dad, Arrested Development, Cold Bear Show, and I'm pretty sure you yourself recognize this video because it's iconic. But a lot of you guys probably don't know about the absolute turmoil this had on Guys Lane's life because he wasn't really going viral for good reasons. People were laughing at how ridiculous this kid looked, thinking that he was a real Jedi. He got loads of comments that were making fun of his weight and calling him stupid. There were comments that were even going so far as to tell him to unal alive himself. Remember, again, this is when the internet was still new, so people were pretty big dicks back then. But it wasn't just online where things were bad. His real life was suffering immensely. At school, he was being ridiculed and bullied nonstop. Kids were constantly mocking his movements and insulting him. And while it may have seemed like simple bullying, it got so intense to the point where he literally was not able to attend class. Eventually, he just sort of had to leave high school and get a private tutor. But even when he left school, the torment just did not end. Reporters and news outlets were constantly knocking at his door, begging for an interview, but he had no interest. They were calling his numbers so much he had to turn off his phone. Gasling would go to a psychiatrist and officially be diagnosed with depression. To fight back, the family would sue the four students that originally uploaded the video for $250,000 in damages. A year later, they would settle for an undisclosed amount. So, how much they actually got from the lawsuit, I have no idea. But the press wasn't all bad, though. There was some good stuff that came out of it. Star Wars fans would start a petition to get Guys a cameo in the upcoming Star Wars movie, Revenge of the Sith, but unfortunately never went through. But it was a nice act, but eventually there was a light at the end of the tunnel. 20 years later, Guesling actually would come to the public to talk about his own experience personally. The event actually inspired him to go to law school to become a lawyer. In doing so, he would help others who experienced the scrutiny of online harassment. There was even a documentary made on him called Star Wars Kid: The Rise of Digital Shadows. And in the documentary, he actually forgives one of the original bloggers who made the video so viral. I have enormous regret hosting the the video. I haven't talked to anybody about this. This is the first time. And I um I'm just profoundly sorry. Getting tons of hate as an online child is nothing short of traumatic. And no one can probably relate to this more than Rebecca Black, the singer of the Friday song. This song became insanely popular in 2011 for all of the wrong reasons. Rebecca was one of the most hated people on the internet at age 14. And the crazy thing was is that she didn't even write the song herself. Rebecca's mom paid four grand to RK Music to basically write the song and make the music video. ARK was a music label that would write a song, provide a studio, take pictures, and produce a music video, all for a couple thousand dollars. They basically did all of the creative effort and the production, and most of their customers were fame hungry teens who wanted a chance in the spotlight. And of course, Rebecca was one of them. Rebecca liked the song and they shot the music video. It wasn't intended to be some big pop debut. It was just simply a fun music video with her friends. It was called It's Friday at the time. And I was just like, cute. Okay, whatever. nobody's going to see this. Like, let's just let's run it, you know? In the first month, the video only got 1,000 views, which honestly isn't really that surprising. But a month later, the Tosh.0 website would actually post the music video with the caption, "Soonwriting isn't for everybody." Back then, being posted on a website like this was huge, and in 4 days, the music video got over 7 million views. Ton of other YouTubers were making parodies of the song to poke fun at it, but the majority of attention would come from real genuine hate. Rebecca's comments were some of people saying the most vile stuff about a 14-year-old. You're so fat and you'll never be pretty. You suck at singing. I hope you go die. And I think you should get an eating disorder because that'll make you prettier. People would start doxing Rebecca's personal information like her home address, her school address, even her parents' contact info, which is just weird. People on Fortune even went so far as to set up Operation Black Friday where they were going to literally harass her at her school. Here are some simple orders. Start calling the school with all the numbers and tardy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Faxes many nudes of anything. A girl blowing horse, for example, and put Rebecca's name on it. At 1 p.m. DDoS Arc Music Factory at 3 p.m. start requesting her sorry excuse for her music on the radio. Now, how effective this actually was is unclear, but the fact that there were actual plans for this is just outrageous. But it didn't stop there. Rebecca would receive genuine death threats that required the police to get involved. The music video would become one of the most disliked videos of all time. But Rebecca was going to fight back. Ark would offer to take the video down, but she didn't want to give the haters what they wanted. She tried to release an acoustic version of the song so that she could prove to people that she could sing well. And she would also try to do live performances on the Late Night Show. But all of this simply just fueled the hate even more. The negativity put Rebecca to the point of depression. I became unbelievably depressed and trapped in this body of what I thought the world would see me as forever when I hadn't even finished growing. This stained her life and traumatized her for a really, really long time. She literally was going through puberty and she was getting death threats for a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] song that she made for fun. She even had to leave her high school because of all the bullying. However, over time, she would try to make music to become a serious musician. In 2016, her song The Great Divide would reach number 23 on the US charts. She was the opening act for the Blackpink tour. She collaborated with big artists like Baby No Money, and she even did her own boiler room set where she would premiere an EDM version of Friday. While she wasn't exactly Pop's next sensation, she was able to at least get some type of sustainable career from her pain. And that can't be said about Alex from Target. Now, Alex was just a typical 16-year-old working his side job as a cashier at a Target. when one day a girl who thought that he was pretty cute took a picture of him when he wasn't looking and posted it on Twitter. This tweet alone would get over 800,000 retweets and would make him a celebrity overnight and he would be deemed as Alex from Target and he didn't even know it. The next day when he went to work, tons of girls were in his checkout line giggling and taking pictures of him. He'd only find out he went viral after his manager showed him the picture. For the rest of that shift, Alex had to be sent to the stock room just because it was getting too out of hand. When he went into work that day, he had 144 followers on Twitter, and by the time he left, he had over 100,000 followers. Alex from Target became an internet sensation with people memeing him and gushing over him at the exact same time. He was the new heartthrob, and everyone wanted a piece. He would even make an appearance on Ellen, which got over 16 million views. And back then, getting on Ellen was a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deal. He was getting advertising deals, and agents wanted to meet with him to put him in TV and movies. And on top of that, he was the most popular kid in school with everyone wanting to take pictures of him. You'd think that sounds pretty awesome, getting famous for being an attractive guy. I mean, like, who wouldn't want that? But a lot of this was not very glamorous at all. People would leak all of Alex's information and also his families. It would go further than just leaking phone numbers and addresses. They would also start to leak their social security numbers and their bank account information. When people saw that Alex had a girlfriend, they would send her tons of death threats. You can see there's a pattern of the whole death threat thing. It got to the point where Alex was literally scared to go outside because of it, but Alex was still trying to bank on the fame. He would tease music. He would go on tour and also start his YouTube channel. He would start to post frequently and even got over a 100,000 subscribers. However, he would eventually leave his management because they were acting very shady and apparently stole nearly 30 grand from him. It seemed like the management company was actually the one handling all of the logistics and were actually doing a lot of shady business behind Alex's back. Less than 2 years after he went viral, he would delete his YouTube and all of his social media. It was clear to Alex that he had really no idea how to handle the fame and didn't really know what to offer this sudden new audience. He was just a regular dude. It's a shame that he wasn't really able to fully monetize off of the monetary opportunities. Where he is now, no one really knows. But unfortunately, we do know the fate of the De's nuts guy. The only meme bigger than Alex from Target at this time was the Deznuts meme. This meme was referenced endless times and was one of the most quoted things ever. These nuts got Now, the original video was posted by Welvin the Great, and this was when his manager, Lefty, would just randomly film him doing things and post it on Instagram. He originally went viral for a different video, but it was the De's nuts video that really skyrocketed him to fame. He became an overnight success, getting over a million followers overnight. He was getting recognized everywhere on the streets and beloved by everyone on the internet. He was hanging out with big celebrities and was even brought out on stage by Kendrick Lamar. This meme literally went so far that a person straight up ran under the name De's Nuts for President and got a 9% approval rating in North Carolina. Welvin would start to cash in on this opportunity by charging $4,500 to $40,000 for club appearances. Can I ask how much it cost to to book Welvin for for a walk through? Uh right now he's uh he's at about 4500. 4500. Yeah. Okay. So, 4,500 he'll come through. Yeah. He would even drop merch like phone cases, socks, and apparently was even trying to develop an app. He would collaborate with tons of content creators and YouTubers with his signature catchphrase. He would even try to make his own reality show. But the thing is, jokes get old and the views would start to go down. The ultimate sign of his downfall was when his Instagram account with over a million followers was hacked. He would make a new one, but only got a mere fraction of the following that he once had. His manager, Lefty, would part ways with him and his 15 minutes was up. And around this time, Welvin would start to drink quite a lot. It would start with him just casually having some beers in an interview, but then it got to the point where he started to dog liquor out in the streets. He would be seen in public drinking very, very often. And unfortunately, he would even get randomly harassed and jumped by people on the street. Videos would surface of Welvin being passed out on the street from being so drunk, and it would spark some false rumors that he was dead. There was the speculation that he was homeless because he was always just walking about with no real destination and he looked like he was barely taking care of himself. But Welvin would confirm that he wasn't homeless and was simply sleeping on the streets out of his own choice. I'm alive and I'm okay. He has a family that loves and want to take care of him. But Welvin chooses to go off for days at a time. He has a home to come to. He comes home. He rest for a couple of days. He go back out in the streets. There's nothing nobody can do about it. There's nothing we can do about it. We don't want that for him, but this is something that he wants to do. But Welvin was clearly still in awful shape and has seen much better days. But this doesn't look nearly as bad when you look at John Gabana, aka Boom Gang. John Cabana was one of the biggest influence to come out of the 2018 Cloud Chase era. This was a phase where lots of stars went viral on Instagram for being as chaotic as possible. Jon was one of the biggest to come out of this era because he was easily the most outrageous. It all started when his friends filmed a video of him going over a counter at Popeye's to steal free food. Wait for nothing. You feel me? You fix your own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Remember that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Y never wait for their own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You feel me? Don't wait for them. They take it. You know what I'm saying? Don't wait for them. Hey, boom gang. Whole lot of gang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know what I'm saying? This video got over 1 million views and it would start his signature style of content where he would just steal random stuff. You know what I'm saying? Bang. Whole lot of gang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] iPhone X's. You know what I'm saying? Bro, hey, he take my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phone out. Hey, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Phone game. Whole lot of gang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] them doing? Hey. Hey. Hey. Where you going? How much? How much I owe you? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 25. 20. 20. Oh, 25. Yeah. Sure. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that put his signature catchphrase, Boon Gang, whole lot of gang [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] became a staple across his fans. and pretty soon he would break a million followers. With all this literal crime that he was posting, it was a shock that he wasn't arrested. But this would soon happen after he robbed a Dunkin Donuts. He was given 60 days probation, which he immediately broke and then was arrested again. But this all only further fueled his popularity. But the thing about going viral for crazy antics is that in order to actually keep a fan base, you have to up the antsy every single time in order to keep the fans. Jon would eventually get a lot of crazy tattoos on his face and would deem himself the new Joker. His original Instagram account would get banned for illegal activity, which isn't really too surprising, but he would just start a new one and all of his followers would just follow him on there. He would also start dropping tons of music under the Boonkang persona on Worldstar Hip Hop. They weren't good, but like for an Instagram influencer, they did really, really well. But at the same time, Boonkang was starting to develop a very heavy drug addiction. He was popping pills on the daily, taking them like candy. And his shenanigans were starting to take a real toll on him. At one point, when he crashed his car, the very first thing he did was post it all over social media. Hey, we wrecking cars around here. The drug addiction would also start to cost him some real opportunities. At one point, he had the chance to make a song with Nicki Minaj and Lil Pump, but it was so high that he couldn't make it to the studio. And this would have been a real opportunity for his music. He would even start to appear in interviews high as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How you been, man? A lot has happened since last time we talked. Chilling. Chilling. Okay. The real sign he had a problem was when he was on no jumper and fainted a minute interview from just being so faded. Shout out to the homie Boon. Oh my. Boonk was clearly surrounded by people that did not have his best interest in mind as he was barely making any of the money. Things would take a real toll after he was arrested in Miami for drug possession and illegal firearms. That same month, he would get banned from Instagram again after posting himself having intercourse. And his following would start to decrease because he wasn't really posting his usual antics anymore. His official rock bottom was a year later when he ran into someone that he owed money to. One thing led to another and he got punched in the face with brass knuckles. This completely broke his jaw and he was in the hospital for weeks. During this time, John reflected on his life with no money, no cloud, and no nothing. He would make a complete 180 dedicating his life to Jesus. on social media. He would completely ditch the Boom King persona, only using his real legal name and preaching the word of gospel. And while it's great that he made a change, the fans just weren't really interested. He dropped an album and still try to produce music videos, but the views were lower than ever. He would even try to box fellow cloud chaser Supreme Patty to try and gain some type of following back, but it completely flopped. It's a shame that he doesn't really have an audience anymore, but at least he made a personal change for the better. But that can't really be said about Lil Tay, who still needs to rely on antics to get views. Lil Tay was also one of the people that blew up during the 2018 clout chase era. She got extremely famous after posting tons of videos flexing her fancy cars and big homes. Message to all y'all broke ass haters. Y'all ain't doing it like Lil Tay. This is why all y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] haters hate me, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cost me 200,000. I'm only 9 years old. I ain't got no license, but I still drive this sports car, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Your favorite rapper ain't even doing it like Lil T. One of the things that also made her go super viral was having a beef with YouTuber Ricegum. The whole gimmick of this Lolo girl pretending to be this gangster flexer was really entertaining to a lot of people. Her arrogance and cocky attitude was just really, really funny. And her videos got more and more wild on Instagram, which only just got her more and more views. She started hanging out with rappers like Lil Pump, Chief Keef, and even X. And all these antics got her to 2 and 12 million followers on Instagram. Now, it's obvious that a little girl this age does not have all that type of money. The fancy houses that she flexed actually did not belong to her or her family. They actually belonged to the real estate firm that her mom worked for. She would let her daughter basically film in all these areas for the videos. But the firm did not like these videos at all and actually cost her mom her job. But what most people didn't know is that it was actually Lil Tay's brother who was behind everything. He told Lil Tay what to say, how to say it, and was basically her coach. Lil Tay be popping on YouTube right now. What do you do? You need to be like more ignorant. You have to be like, "Ooh, Lil Tay, Lil Tay out here." While a lot of people could see it as a harmless act for some social media clout, it actually got to the point where a lot of people could describe it as abusive. People who witnessed the behind the scenes of these videos would say that her brother would yell at her when she did not say her lines right and make her cry. It was very obvious that she was being used for clout and money. A couple months later, she would stop posting and a supposed hacker would post on Instagram claiming that Lil Tay's dad, who was absent and abusive, was now reinly coming back into her life to try and get some of that money. The post also claimed that he was trying to take Lil Tay back to Canada through a court order and even posted a video of her crying about it. No, you didn't. You literally lived like 6 minutes away, but you never even came to visit me. So, you don't even care about me? This made the dad seem like a bad guy, but there was another side to it. Tay's father claimed that he was trying to help her achieve a professional career rather than have her be seen as an internet clown. He wanted her to possibly have a music career, get her name trademarked, and even set up a trust fund for all of her earnings. Because when Lil was in Los Angeles, she missed 72 days of school and her mom took tons of meetings and signed contracts on her behalf without her permission. One, he was a scumbag dad. or two, he was actually doing what was best for his daughter and being responsible. It kind of seemed like the latter one was more likely. For years, her Instagram was completely silent randomly until 3 years later in 2021. Jason, Lil Tay's brother, would actually post tons of pictures of Lil Tay with bruises claiming that her dad was abusive to her. Jason claimed that Taye's father was stealing money for her and even had a GoFundMe to raise 150 grand to save her from the abuse. This was seen as pretty skeptical by a lot of the fans because some of Jason's claims were just simply not true. He claimed that Taye's father was using the money to buy fancy trips, but this wasn't really confirmed. People thought that this GoFundMe was one last attempt to make a cash grab from the fame, but this never really was answered for sure and the account would go silent again. But 2 years later in 2023, randomly her account posted that she had passed away, which was just completely out of nowhere. One side of people completely believed it at face value, but the other people were skeptical because honestly, we were used to this. When doing some digging, there was no official police report on anything being claimed here, and nothing really seemed to confirm this at all. Taye's family and team would stay extremely silent, which was very suspicious. Eventually, after an entire 24 hours of these rumors circulating, Lil Tay would officially confirm to TMZ that she was alive. She would accuse her dad of spreading the lie, but that was never confirmed. But it was confirmed by Meta themselves that her account was hacked, which raised a lot of questions. Lay would go live on Instagram to reveal the details of the abuse from her dad, showing police reports, text messages, and a lot of other proof. So, it did seem like the dad was definitely not nearly as good as he tried to make himself to be. But around the time of all this drama, she would announce the release of her debut song, Sucker for Green, along with a music video. A whole ass music video. Like a very well choreographed music video. Considering this happened so soon after the death hoax, it was really worth considering if they were behind the hoax in some type of way to promote this song. This just all seemed way too coincidental. She disappears for 5 years and then just randomly at the same time this death hoax is spreading also has a new song to drop. Considering Jason was behind her entire image and also was a credited writer and producer of the song, it didn't seem unlikely. But if it was someone else that for some reason spread this rumor, then it was very obvious that they quickly produced this music video to capitalize off the drama. The truth is just very very unclear because there's just so many different narratives going around. At one point, Lil Tay even claimed that her dad swatted her house, but there really wasn't a proof of this either. Bryce himself even revealed that Lil Tay messaged her directly to try and start a fake beef to promote the song. But when I talk about Taye being behind it, I'm not talking about her specifically. I'm talking about her family and her team. This wouldn't really stop there because a year later, Lil Taste team did a very similar thing where they posted that she was in critical condition, intentionally giving no details about it whatsoever, kind of seeming to draw in mystery and attention around the situation. Eventually, they would reveal that she underwent heart surgery and right after announced the next song that she was dropping. I'm not saying she faked all of this. I don't really think that at all, but it's very obvious they're trying to capitalize off all of this drama for the music. At this point, it's very obviously a pattern. Now, Taye herself definitely should not be blamed in this in any type of way. Taye's brother and mom used her for clout and attention, which clearly divided their family and really robbed her of having a normal childhood. It's messed up, and who knows how it will affect her when she's grown and really reflects on all of this. But if we are going to talk about people that do deserve their failure, then we have to mention the Island Boys, who at this point are beyond desperate. Now, the Island Boys went viral back in 2021 for their rap performance. Cuz I'm a island boy and I've been trying to make Oh, I'm a island boy. Hey, I'm just boy. I'm just boy. I'mma get key. You going to keep that gun. I be just staring at the sun. I'm a fool gazing. I'm like where I'm staying. This video went viral all over Twitter and on Tik Tok and became a giant meme because honestly people were laughing at them and not with them. People were making fun of just how awful their singing was, the stupidity of their lyrics, and their very, very dumb appearance. It was really a trend for a while to dress just like them and mock the Island Boys. It was a very easy way to get views. But hey, all attention is good attention, right? Because it excelled them into internet stardom. They got tons of followers on their Tik Tok and on their Instagrams, and they capitalized on the moment like crazy by posting a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton. In interviews, they claimed that they were making tens of thousands of dollars a day. Now, it's very likely they were making this type of cash because they were buying tons of stuff like jewelry, cars, the whole kin kaboodleoodle. They were spending that money like it was no tomorrow. They even got a label deal from Kodak Black, which is absolutely insane. However, they would turn it down to stay independent, which would have been a very smart business move because they were going extremely viral, but there was just one problem. They had no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talent. The thing is, the Island Boys just straight up were not listenable. Like, when I say they have no talent, like they can't even rap on the beat. They literally had nothing to offer their fans in terms of quality and nothing showcases more than when they did their first ever live performance and got booed off stage. And I'm just trying to make it or I'm put my best. Yeah. Hey, I'm a boy. I'm a boy. I'mma keep it like it's better. I'mma do it while I'm staring at the sun. I've been really at the pool gazing at the pool where I'm staying. They were a meme, but everyone seemed to know this except them because clearly the fame got to their head. They got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of hate after they went on Logan Paul's podcast where George tried to give them some financial advice, but they got super cocky and walked out mid interview. For real. I think you guys take all of your jewelry assets and invested into something. So you guys will never ever be broke again. So I don't think there's ever going to be a broke situation. What? Let me tell you something. George, stop talking. We have multiple Wait, that was Hey, that was that was for you guys. Yeah, you that wasn't like a hat. I don't need I don't need financial advice when I probably make more money than you. No, here. I'll move it for you. I was giving you nice advice, bro. I I agree with that. Did I Did I say anything mean? I You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up, George. Our first guest to walk, dumbass. This pretty much spoke for itself because in a matter of months their career already started to fizzle out and already they were starting to get desperate which showed they had money issues. They launched a Cameo which is an app where you can send personalized messages. And at first this was a pretty decent move because it did get them quite a lot of money and this was their main source of income. And the problem with the island boys wasn't so much that their fame was on borrowed time. It's the fact that they were just very irresponsible with their money. They were spending way more than what they were making, which isn't sustainable no matter what you were doing. They should have known that this whole entire internet lifestyle was not going to last because again, they were a meme. If they had slowed down to budget wisely and put a lot into savings and investments, then they would not be in the situation that they currently were in. But they were getting so used to spending it on all of the fancy luxury and they didn't want to give it up. And so, their desperation reached an all-time high when they literally posted a video of themselves kissing. I'm going to censor it because I'm not going to show you all that. I think you get the idea. But they announced that they were going to drop a tape together and god, I really wish I was talking about music because what they were doing quite literally is incest. They would drop an entire OAF for the specific type of genre, which was just so beyond [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gross. But apparently it did make them some cash, which I honestly am very ashamed to say. And the desperation just didn't stop there. They would start hanging out with Jack Dhy and causing tons of drama for views. And honestly, the only reason that anyone hangs out with that guy is literally because they have no other content creators to collab with. Nice [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] try, dumb ass. Nice try. What's good with me? What's good? We're not fighting. Nobody fighting. Nobody fighting. Oh, he's kicking. They had all of these fights and arguments that were very obviously staged for attention and views, but their money issues just still kept on piling up. One of the brothers, Kodiak Red, had many issues with the law. He was facing charges of domestic abuse to his girlfriend, battery against his brother's girlfriend, and domestic battery towards his other girlfriend. In February 2025, he was arrested during a traffic stop for possession of substances and for possibly trying to sell a firearm. The other brother, Fly Soldier, claimed that he was nearly 4 months behind on car payments and was getting evicted from his place, which was affecting his credit. Kodiak Red denied this, but at the same time, he was still begging for housewarming gifts. So, it's obvious that their financial situation is still in the shitterter and they're desperately trying to pretend it's not. And it's just simply another case of getting famous way too fast. But if we're going to talk about live that were destroyed by going viral, we simply cannot leave out Haley Welch, the Hawk Tua Girl, a story that we all know too well. Haley Welch was just your average girl from the South who was partying with their friends in downtown Nashville. YouTubers Tim and D were doing some interviews on the street and wanted to get some funny clips for their channel. They stumbled upon Haley and history would be made. You know how to answer this. You got it. What's one move in bed that makes a man go crazy every time? You got to give him that hawk, too, and spit on that thing. You get me? They posted a clip on Instagram where it went crazy viral. This meme became an overnight sensation and everyone had it become their new favorite catchphrase. People just couldn't get enough of it, and everyone was dying to know who exactly was the Hawk Tua girl. Funny enough, Haley actually completely avoided the fame at first. She deactivated her Instagram and was extremely low-key. The first week of it, I was so embarrassed. I wouldn't come out of my house. I went to work, but that's about it. But then she saw people selling Hawkua merch and saw they were making a ton of money off of it and wanted in on some of that cash. She was seen with a local seller on Facebook selling Hawka hats and signing them personally, all of which sold out immediately. Haley would get more and more in the public eye, being spotted hanging out with Shaq and then going on stage with Zack Bryan. She would do her first ever actual interview revealing that she quit her job and got a whole management team behind her. I don't quit my job. I said peace. So now is like you're going to go to LA or going to go to New York? Oh yeah. Do you think you see yourself like starting your own type of like show or podcast or you just going to be like an internet personality? I think we're going to do like a show and then we're just going to be like on a bunch of podcasts and everything else in between. Cool. So kind of just figuring out as you go. Oh yeah, there's more to come. Don't worry. Now, Haley had a mixed perception when she came into the spotlight. One side of people really liked her personality. She was this sweet, downto-earth southern girl who honestly had a lot of charm and charisma. She got along with everybody that she met and was extremely polite. And honestly, people like that. She wasn't a cocky, arrogant person who was letting the fame get to her head. But on the other hand, there were tons of people who were flabbergasted over the idea of a girl who made a joke about spitting on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suddenly becoming a famous person. But let's be real, a lot of those people were just secretly jealous of her because who would not want to capitalize on all of this? And after all, it was possible to make this some sort of real thing. After all, Danielle Brigali got famous off of her appearance on Dr. Phil and then suddenly became a giant musician selling millions of records. There was a very weird conspiracy that she was the daughter of an Israeli billionaire and then was here as a spy as a scop after it was revealed that she actually was 99% Ashkenazi Jew. Yeah, I don't I don't I don't know about all that. But to capitalize on her audience, she would start to post a lot more videos and vlogs on her Instagram and Twitter. And this helped her move in the right direction. She would also start to do tons of interviews to really have the public get a good sense of her. But then she would shock the world when she would announce that she was dropping her own podcast, Talk to U. And at first, this sound extremely dumb because honestly, it it kind of was. This girl got famous for a 15-second clip that honestly was overused, and now she was expecting people to listen to hour-ong conversations of her repeatedly. The podcast would get tons of genuine hate, but also did get popular at the same time. She got tons of pretty big guests like Jake Paul, Whiz Khalifa, Whitney Cummings, and more. The podcast would become a giant meme with people ironically listening to it and treating it like as if it was the word of gospel. Well, unironically, this made the podcast super popular, getting millions of views on YouTube and becoming number three on the Spotify podcast charts. Yes, it was a joke, but the money certainly was not a joke. It seemed like everything was going great and then it wasn't because in November, Haley would announce the official launch of her meme coin. Off the rip, people obviously suspected that it was some sort of scam, but the token was promoted as embracing the community. Haley would promote this coin non-stop throughout Twitter, really hyping up the drop. And when it did drop on December 4th, it skyrocketed nearly 900% in value, having a market cap of nearly $500 million. But then immediately after it completely dropped all the way down to a market cap of $60 million. So what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened? People immediately threw accusations of it being a rugpull and there was evidence to back it up. Looking at the chains, just 97% of all the tokens were controlled by just 10 wallets with only 3% available for public sale. 285 investors joined the pre-sale and 53% sold all or part of the share of tokens owned immediately pocketing an estimated $3 million which just completely risks of a scam. Immediately after Haley tried to blame this on sniper bots and her team was just sort of gaslighting the public. And of course, Coffeezilla, the king of exposing crypto scams, would make his own video completely dissecting this. I've been tracing it on chain for a while. You guys generated over a million dollars in fees while y'all's fans got rugpulled. There was snipers, but there was also insider trading directly linked to y'all's creator account. What are you guys doing? No, no, no. That's That's not true. That's not true. That is true. That's a fact. It's not. It's a fact. And you can see it on chain. His video alone got 5 million views. Haley would go silent for 2 weeks, which just skyrocketed suspicion. and she would eventually address the matter on Twitter. I take this matter extremely seriously and want to address my fans, the investors who have been infected and the broader community. I am fully cooperating with and I'm committed to assisting the legal team representing the individuals impacted as well as to help uncover the truth, hold the responsible parties accountable and resolve this matter. If you have experienced losses related to this, please contact Burwick Law. Okay, to be honest, if you do put your money in something called the talk to a token, you low-key deserve to lose it, not going to lie. But this kind of was what Haley's team was banking on because they were really trying to target people who were stupid enough to fall for this. Granted, Haley probably had no idea what was going on and this was definitely being done by her team for the most part. But this project was under her name. She allowed it to happen and really should have taken a lot more precaution as to who to work with. The team behind the coin pretty soon was hit with a lawsuit for illegally selling and promoting the coin, which was allegedly not a registered security. Haley was not named in a lawsuit, but this absolutely obliterated her reputation. For months, she completely laid low from social media trying to let this drama blow over all by itself, which honestly was not a great idea. A couple months later, she was suspended from Twitter. And she would make an apology on the situation through her talk to a podcast, but she did the whole fake cry influencer thing. And this apology was not meant well, and it basically just completely threw out whatever she had left of her fame. She would try to return back to the podcast, but would get a mere fraction of the views even when she got appearances from KSI. It just goes to show that quick money is not the best way to try and get money and all fame is not good fame.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GunTheGus [2 likes]: I thought about being a YouTuber/influencer until I became about 16 and realized if I became famous I would always be under a microscope and never left alone so I up and quit uploading and allat. I enjoy having my own free time not being watched or picked apart all day for what I’m doing or what I haven’t. I don’t need to post gameplay to people because I know I’m good already, I don’t need an echo chamber to say it back to me.
  2. @christyking4155: Never
  3. @cyberfiretiger5825: I loved kazaa and bear share
  4. @pawnzedit1: Peak video
  5. @BHarris-b2c: That is so screwed up to have a minute plus long sponsored video.
  6. @Charmoo-2012: Person: exists
4chan: Begins plotting to ruin their life
  7. @SuperTed19021: 7:36 "The Simpsons" started predicting the future as early as 1990! 😮 Who remembers the episode "Homer's Night Out?". And "Bart Gets Famous" (S5, 1994)=Deez Nuts.
  8. @andreicc201: This shows that humanity is God's biggest mistake
  9. @johnmclaughlin9674: Shouldn’t do negative content only karma real
  10. @andrewglenn67: Dude I'm a social media ghost and proud of it
  11. @Belleharboristheworst17: So true
  12. @bjack5313: Back off the camera dude.
  13. @NoobmanTheNoob: John rlly didn’t help the stereotype
  14. @julieb.5860: rebecca wasn't 'driven to the point of depression'. 
she was driven to depression. way past the point.
  15. @Pepi_doesstuff: …I pray I never find anyone who sings like this 24:50
  16. @The.Emerald.Weasel-Demon: That little girl is freaking obnoxious I can't believe people actually follow that.
  17. @ChrisTheRabbit09: 2:01 why'd he had to use kim k
  18. @JosephHoven-wy5te: People who tell others to… their life need to check their mental health
  19. @Sam_sam2-k8d: A sex tape with your own flesh and blood is insane!!!!
  20. @rpgisawesomeeeee: 0:03 hello to u 2 blanko! 😁

- 5 Things Independent Artists Need To Learn To Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to Freddy for artists I'm Nick D I have 1.6 million followers on Tick Tock some odd amount of followers here and I've done over 250 million streams and this is the only place where an artist who's actually doing it is teaching you how to do it most people teaching you haven't actually done it so five things Independent Artists need to do in 2023 to take their career to the next level one post on all the platforms simple as that most people think like tick tock tick tock tick tock yes obviously right tick tock yes but there's more there's Facebook reels which y'all probably thought was dead there's Instagram rails there's YouTube shorts which come in January of 2023 they're gonna start monetizing shorts the shorts are going to get a revenue share so what I think is going to happen is I think there's going to be a lot of content creators in general who only make 60 second videos like all the work that they're putting into 10 minute videos and they're gonna get the revenue share over on 60 second videos and it's much easier to hold someone's attention for 60 seconds anyway that little side note but I think you're going to see a lot of creators that are on YouTube or across all platforms they're going to move to YouTube because they're getting paid and they're gonna also create just 60 second versions of what they're already making and they can pump out those like it's nobody's business anyway Facebook reels look at this I had a video I posted it on posted on Tick Tock it was a skit that I did for a song called Supernova that I released with Loveless the video on Tick Tock did like 3 million or two 2.5 million and then on Facebook reels it did another 3 million and then on uh Instagram reels it did like 700 000 so if it performs well on one platform it'll probably perform well in another one and there's other ways to like generate Revenue too like Facebook reels if you sign up for the monetization on Facebook and Instagram mails you can get paid for the amount of views that you get on Instagram reels and Facebook reels so you don't even have to rely on the conversion of your content going over to streaming platforms I've been able to make in in one month on Facebook reels I've been able to make 50 500 bucks on Instagram reels I've done the same 1200 1500 bucks just from posting videos not even from people going and listening to it on streaming platforms so that's a little gem but I think the future of content is going to be YouTube shorts and less Tick Tock steps this game up and uh starts paying creators kind of like YouTube's going to start doing with YouTube shorts um not that tick tocks going anywhere number two release more frequently all you guys most you guys you're trying to make a living off of having five songs out it's much more difficult to make a living off of five songs than it is to make a living off having a hundred songs out I know it sounds crazy how am I gonna make a hundred songs you know how much it costs to make a song actually not as much as you might think for the first 50 songs no first 80 songs I released or more I had a Max budget of 250 dollars per song uh most people like going to get studio time they're going to anyway I'm not gonna sidetracked on that 250 a song was my budget to release and I always did that because I knew how many streams that would take me to break even on that song I treat every song as its own investment and I want to be able to break even on my investment in that song as quickly as I can so there's profit for the rest of the time that it's out there that's probably a different video huh anyway release more frequently right so my goal a couple years ago was to do one million streams a month that way I could make give or take four thousand dollars a month from streaming and that was enough money for if I needed to my family could live off of it right so in my mind if I had five songs out I needed each one of those songs to average like 7 500 streams a day in order to get enough streams to make a million streams every single month now if I got a hundred songs out each one of those songs has to do 350 streams a day which one do you think is more attainable you know you got a A hundred songs out to do 350 streams each on those or five songs out that gotta do thousands of streams each which one's more attainable it's a volume game everyone's trying to make the next hit the next one the hits will come would you rather have 100 at bats or one swing right you guys aren't swinging enough you're not getting up to the plate enough no more darts hit more bullseyes it's not rocket science it's not not easy there's work but it is straightforward and release it more frequently what it does is it gives you the ability to create more content if you're trying to create content off of just five songs being out people are going to get tired of you seeing it posted you're also going to be like running out of ideas how do I promote it I tried everything for the song if you got more songs out more options for Content number three prioritize gonna be painful prioritize content over the music I know most you guys are probably like doesn't that take away from the art of the music maybe a little bit no yes I don't got a doordash what's your goal are you trying to make a living making music then you gotta restructure your mind a little bit and start moving like a business would you have to treat it like a business you can't just spend all day being creative being creative doesn't make money operating like a business does so kind of gotta Shuffle the cards a little bit more to the content now I have no idea why more people don't do this think of the content first before you create the song what does that mean what would be a good piece of content what would provide these people on entertainment apps they want to be entertained what could entertain someone and then how can I Implement my music or what can entertain someone and then how can I make a song to fit that idea right how can I make a great video and then make a song to fit the idea instead of making a song and then thinking how do I make great content for this song much harder to do that than it is to think of a great video for cons or a great content idea and create a song to fit the content instead of Vice Versa number four don't obsess over the details I cannot stress it enough a lot of you guys are creative I get it you you love every part of the process you love thinking of every detail in the cover art stressing over the mix making sure everything is sitting perfectly every to be honest it doesn't matter right you guys are stressing over cover Arts like you're trying to impress graphic designers you're stressing over the mix like you're trying to impress Engineers right you just need to impress The Listener and they don't know the difference for me I make my cover arts in canva and it takes me about 10 minutes max I'll go in there I'll find a little image I like and usually I like to title my song Something descriptive for example cotton candy and what is the cover art cotton candy all right simple it's a little cute little cotton candy guy people love it but it took me no time at all and it didn't cost me any money all right I'm not paying somebody 250 to make a cover art I'm going to canva and I'm making it for I don't know 12 a month and I get unlimited unlimited cover and the mixing master I'm not stressing it some of these songs are going viral getting hundreds of millions of streams sound like they're recorded in a bathtub this stuff doesn't matter as much as you think it does sure it's Gotta sound good good enough done is better than perfect doesn't have to be perfect get it done get it out move on to the next one you just gotta get those reps in you got to make more music gotta put your ten thousand hours in you get better and better and better and better and even details like trying to submit your song to playlists and pitching them four weeks in advance you don't need to do that you just need to make a song release it and make content number five surround yourself with like-minded people if you're surrounded with people who play video games all day and want to chill what are you more likely to do play video games and chill if you're surrounded by people who want to go drink and do drugs and party what are you more likely to do go to the parties right if you're surrounded by people who are motivated and and they're grinding and they got a passion for something and they want to chase something and pursue something they got a dream they're working every day what are you more likely to do Chase your dream it's not a rocket science it's not easy but it is straightforward those are the five things that I think Independent Artists really need to focus on going into 2023 if you got anything that you want me to touch on comment below like subscribe thank you for the love oh we out of here foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Salagadmuzik [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏🏾
  2. @Bifferama: "Put the damn song out" hit a little too hard 😅
  3. @hollywood-superstar: 2:09 prophet Nic D ! so true !
  4. @Darnx_45: Let's see if it works
  5. @nanablaiso: insane video
  6. @dekaifranklins: thanks
  7. @ItsHooOfficial: LESGOOO 👌🏻
  8. @OneTeenDiscipleship: YO ITS NICD
  9. @pashuuuuuu: Help full video #nbsector
  10. @Fliousking: Th best video i have watch sing 3 years i searched
  11. @BernardBanda-l4j: 2026 who’s still here?
  12. @yiAVmusic: 3 years later since the release of your video, struggling to get through, just one question: 
Do you need to show yourself ? How do you do it? What is the best practice? Stock videos are a huge "NO" ? Any advice would be appreciated guys @frdiforartists
  13. @RichRari: 👏🏻
  14. @ITTSMEBXTCH: This idea of just pushing out songs . It cost $65 each song in copywrite alone . I have to keep paying this everytime I put out a song?
  15. @DJHotwax: great advice FRDi, it's rough being a new artist like me - trying to get my music trending. i will try some of those tips you shared! thx
  16. @SICKoffic: Anyone here in 2025?
  17. @AlexStress: Thanks for the vid! I almost agree with everything you said, but a couple things leaves me in frustration. They are not untrue, but that's just not my way. I am a man yelling at the sky:
1) Making 100 songs. While that sounds awesome, but that just not how music is made, not for real artists who are creating literally pieces of art. It is easy to make 100 pop songs, or 100 generic beats, but when talking about music as an art - it is just impossible. I am talking about things like conceptual albums (Kid A, The wall, Loveless, etc) or brilliant pieces like Layla, Bohemian Rhapsody, Strawberry fields
2) Content over music. It seems reasonable, but painful as hell. I am willing to express myself, to make my feelings musical, to be proud of my creation, so music is #1 for me.  But creating viral/trending/meme content isn't what I really desire, personaly I don't wanna be 'another one tiktok guy"
  18. @DiscipleJameson: can someone tell me if this actually works?
  19. @Mr.Onindo: I get that but what reels should I add or make!
  20. @thatboylittlee: w

- How I Went Viral: My Journey & Secrets to Growth | Chillcast with @SonjanaaGupta and Chillbee: Kind: captions Language: en Ha ha ha, so finally today I saw his channel Hacked it and today's podcast I am the host and this is the guest, so what are you doing? Would you like to introduce yourself? This is his channel, please introduce me. I want it but you start it yourself, otherwise we will do it first. We will start with your introduction, you are Who are you, you have come to hack our channel? please so hi guys my name is sajna And I am a lifestyle and beauty content I am a creator and we met because I I was a subscriber to this and I I joined the master class and since then I We have become friends and that is why since then My aim was to hack his channel which I did it today, so now you can do yours. Please introduce me, I am Deepanshi is my nickname. Chill, what should I tell you friend, it is very important for me I feel ashamed to tell my own story. I am Deepanshi Jain AK Chilbi Chilbi My real name is the same as the one in my birth chart. People think I don't know why I have named my channel so cool. Bee but it's my name so or me I am creating content From 2000 to 2020, I have done it twice. I have started four in 2018 I had uploaded the videos but I did not post them. Because I started my MBA. Then I don't get time with college. I can understand obviously that right now he is in college. If she is doing the same then or I did it in 2020 Start when I started working In a corporate property firm such as IT company And there I felt that friend, you again can do it because Covid has come so home I am working from home from So let's start again and I Started it and then now here we are today Well, if you look at it, Didi has done this for the third time. The channel has been restarted because Now he has vowed that in 2025 To maintain consistency and I hope so If he succeeds in that, he will get a lot of new Content is coming guys if you are not watching so what are you doing Instagram2 trending videos are coming It will be fun to see you tomorrow, first of all This is my question That you left your 9 to 10 job and became content. Why did I want to do creation full time? I was earning more money because of the content. Leave that too in creation, two second question Why did you go back to the corporate world? Okay, then I will answer both questions. So when I took 925 from my When I started, I In youtube2, that's when I did it in 2018. I started back to the basics, so I I started randomly like this because I I loved making videos. I just put on makeup and I'll do the video I don't care if I make it and put it in It was like 100 people were watching, 200 were watching. How I don't care and my first video I guess 100-110 views came and I It didn't matter, I didn't even know that he is good or useless what am I big I was happy and said wow, I will make my video I kept looking at how cool I looked. I said wow and then I put the second video and the third Then when I uploaded the video again in 2020 Even when I started with That I just have to do it and until then my There was a slight change in the weather before that. I used to bullet journal in 2018 I used to watch a lot of journaling videos. I used to look at people a lot. Westerners who used to be YouTubers because I was not that much in India in 2018. Didn't look at beauty creators So I looked at those people, that journaling. I also liked journaling and I Those DIY skin care guys are very It was like this, brother, apply neem leaves and this If I did all that, I got a lemon. What am I applying on my face? And if my skin was good, I would think Wow, this is working, I mean, how much Nice and brother that one with DIY lightning It used to make your skin brighten Tanning will be removed and by editing it completely I have kept the bedsheets white too. It looks like she's white, so I'm like this now. I think I didn't remove it. Videos but cringe properly again in 2020 I started taking self-portraits. Because of the Covid lockdown, brother, who can do what? I am staying at home, so it just came to my mind that 50 things you can do during covid and I made a video about it, it was very good. She went and created the entire look like this and I had an Afro hairstyle and that did Diya then the self portrait one went away I thought this was great, I If I am not viral then within two months The channel has been monetized but no money is coming in. It had started but it had become monetized. When slowly the money started coming in I did not know something about my channel. How do I get the money? I opened a bank account. I had not linked anything etc. in Ad Sense. I thought they would just come, how come I didn't If they come to know butt, they will keep gathering In that and I said like this friend this is coming I don't have enough collabs in this time. I was very happy when I started meeting them etc. I said oh today it's money and then 2021 and 22 Which I mean Main Boom Kara Channel 2021 By the end, I was earning quite well. Amazon 2 lakh rupees are coming and brother all this is happening I'm going crazy, I said this So there is a lot of money in this, so I am going for a job. Bob, leave it, the job is useless brother, it is worth Rs 30-400. Why do you want to work when you are earning so much? Meaning she is earning double and triple in this. And then my idea was that I only had Saturdays I used to devote Sundays to content creation. Obviously you are wearing yourself out for five days. You are not even getting Rs 500 in two days. If you are doing it, then it was in my mind that If I am earning Rs 2 lakh in two days day by day, so if I do it for seven days then I mean I'll go crazy, I'm rich. I will go brother, I will become a millionaire I thought that and I left and then My routine is ruined and the rest is History even no that but then when I got married If it happens then obviously now financial A lot of responsibilities come and I Wanted to help Tushar means that I too Because at that time my channel was dead. Because of several reasons, he was dead for two years my channel so then when this year I did I thought, no friend, I should also earn and this I will do that, I will do that again Start reviving the channel but it doesn't work. was getting Because the schedule was not being made I couldn't figure out what to do What should I do and that doesn't come from within me. Motivation was coming so I thought that job Let's do video editing job So the same thing will come to me that brother Monday two I will go to work on Friday and Saturday on Sunday I will do my own content creation but I Forgot that during Covid we were in LDR, we couldn't even meet, so we Couldn't even give Saturday and Sunday time Secondly, we are living together now. We are going for a walk on Saturday and Sunday. We are having fun, I mean, sad Sunday, so we Our time has come, couple time and Monday I am going to work on Friday, so now I said the same thing in my mind, brother. The content remained mine and I then I had also started freelance work etc. My first international client also That's when I found him in social media management. No one knows yet whether disclosing here, I got it then And a lot happened all of a sudden, so then I I thought that now brother, let me keep the job for 6 months. I had to get it on track. I brought myself here and now I know where does my priority lie? I can't do the job now, I'm done. I tried mine a second time as well. But I have to do content creation only, so I If I work so hard for someone else, 40 total videos a month from youtube3 So obviously I mean in my videos If I edit, I will earn more money. In the long run, I thought so, and then I left that too and now I told people It has been started in full swing and January also No, but I will speak last from Fab I have started from the first February itself. I consistently did two reels and all this I have started pouring, let's see where How long will it go? It will go ahead. It will definitely go ahead. But there was one question of yours that went viral. There were a lot of videos during the lockdown. What is your process for making content viral? There was no point in delivering anything before. I didn't know it was going to go viral at first. How do I go? I just thought that those people Others are making it and it's going well for them. If I make it then mine too If that's fine, then what I've done is a self-portrait. I made a video with ideas, basically I had a senior in my office. Bhaiya was a photographer and he launched his channel But the video was made of a self-portrait Ideas had their outdoor shoot all Because he was a professional, his videos There were one and a half lakh views and I was surprised brother. I said, "I can do this too, friend." But I can't go out so I stay indoors. If I do something, I will show you By making frames etc., that means it is enough Creative ideas that no one else had. When I did it, I felt it was very right. You made it and uploaded it and my videos, I mean that Three lakhs are gone and I am looking like this I said, hey, the one I thought I saw If I get more views than that then now my If this process continues then let's say luck matters. I always say that at 99 Your luck will matter how hard you work. Work, do something, 100 people like me Yes, you are also doing it but don't follow it. Why is luck not working hard? We are doing it I agree because my The second video also went viral. [music] But I stuck the phone with cellotape. When the video was shot, it went viral. And now yes, my one is also the same in that I haven't used a single ring light. Because I didn't have just one There was a tripod, I have placed the phone on it. I kept it on and such bright light came from here Because I'm in the morning with the window I used to sit and shoot and my friend He told me as soon as he uploaded that video. Meaning, my ex-friend is no longer my friend. So he told me then that brother, this The video will not play because it has no background The latch is visible, which means the gate was open. So Kundi Mundi is saying that you should do this a little. Keep in mind that the meaning is to be a little correct. and I used to feel like, friend, I The more I cry, the better it is, but now Obviously now it seems to me like my brother from front and back When people are saying this, I start feeling that I thought, yes friend, she is right. The video will not play because the latch is visible And that video is my most viral one. He was amazing at that time. I had so much fun with it and the subtitles etc. Such a cute butt or coming back To your question, how can I go viral now? I think it should go viral first. Recreate the trend but something like this Do what only you do like Alia The Bhatt thing I did is still going on. If I have been on that for the last 48 hours also If I see it, I will put the views here brother. He keeps playing that video on him. 12 15 20 million in millions, something on that The views are it's crazy and in that I just People normally recreate this. Makeup I copied frame step by step Make him do it the way his frame is I kept my actions, expressions, everything. I did the same and he did something. It was not like that, so my story went viral. If you go and those who are already doing it, If you do the same thing then it will not go away but if You can add a little of your own flavor to it. So it will go viral and nowadays because If your attention has become zero then try this Put the hook, I will make a video even better than this. I was shooting and I told her the same thing that Brother, I felt such a hook in the beginning. Due to which people stopped and wondered if anyone was in the video. If your video is not three seconds long If he sees it, why would anyone else see it? Meaning he will actually skip it. Makes sense because when I started and I haven't developed much. Since then I don't give much time I like content creation but it is the same that As I started the process, I I'm still kind of there and Didi, I It helps a lot to move forward Many ideas etc. keep coming to me. The first one you were talking about is the one you have There was no ring light and you shot. That was the first video I saw of yours In which you were reviewing Digitech The plant came back to life and so did that video. It has gone on for a long time and it still keeps going on. That's why I subscribed to them. Because of these, my setup at 99 is the same. which they have suggested Videos in d to card by d to card by same I have done it, it remains very easy. We still have two lines installed, one for Rs 5000. But if it is of 100 then you will get balance It is not necessary that Brother, it would be better if you buy a light worth Rs 5-10,000. I bought a studio light but Then I sold it because that setup The more you advance yourself You will have to work harder And in such a situation where consistency cannot be achieved If you are a laborious process add If you keep doing it, you won't be able to Consistently, you should also try this Ease out your process now that you When I came, all the lights were already on here. I don't have to bring it from anywhere, I don't have to do anything. There are two lights and a tripod on one side. It is lying there, just put on the microphone and it became a holiday. I set up this sofa and sat here. I am doing everything in the whole world Sister is also saying that you have bought a good sofa. But nothing is happening with the studio. If you don't have space, you can You can't even afford it like I have. I still don't have space in my personal room. I don't have anything, so I am my poor self Adjust only with a ring light and tripod But when I go out I I try to film in natural light. Because he becomes something different because of me There is no natural light in the house. Even now, if you get your nails done, then without Ring light kare and it was super Aesthetically speaking, the shots are very good. And everything is well lit for the first time. to apply nails Fay and when I also started it, brother You cannot even start because your Having a ring light is everything if you If you already deposited the money then it is useless. Whether you go or not, I have left my sister I gifted him a ring light, he turned it off If you give it then it happens that brother, if you work hard You are doing it, may it be yours or not If I go, I will see you in the beginning itself. One should take it, it is not possible for everyone now. If someone tells me that brother, you should do a job. I can't even do video editing. Why not, I couldn't get that job there. I have some friends who Even if this does not happen, we are happy, many people Even if he comes to me now, he says this that we want collabs so if you Come, you are living with this mindset that you If you need money, you can't even walk now. Obviously I don't tell them to their face. I can say that brother, don't be greedy, don't be a butt Actually, actually, because when I also When I started the channel, I had this motive I didn't think I could make money from it. I didn't even know that I pushed you to do something about it, brother. Kuch to kar le and jab mera first collab Even when I came, my father stayed for a long time. The collaboration went ahead because I felt that Yes, it's okay, I am getting the product and I If you have to do reviews then what else is there but Actually, if you think about the long run, You should not come here thinking that it means If you get money then you have to do content creation We still have to say yes to Walter. I would give if I had any such favorite brand Come on, Luna, come on, Luna, come to me. I did the barter and I said yes brother I want the product and I will make it. A video dedicated to you because I like it, I will not buy it 25000 That face washing device Obviously, if I enjoy it then it is not like that. that every brand will pay you and such Not every brand you buy is compatible with You can do it too, but don't come with the motive of money. Actually, you just need to know your worth. what you can do and to whom what can you do because there are so many There are brands out to take advantage of you too. I have taken many UGC here. I have seen the creators and one or two are mine He is self-identified as someone who works for free. I don't know why because they Looks like we're just getting the product Content is also being made and we are getting it for free. Product is also available which is great but Their content quality is so great. that they can charge a lot but Brands also undervalue all these things. And because of that the market also gets spoiled. For example, this is also of the same quality I am also providing the same content Providing quality content But I told the brand that I will pay Rs. So I will do it, he said 10000, so obviously If a brand chooses me, I will kill them too. I also lost money, I mean I also have less money. If you get it, you can give me Rs 10,000, never do this. Think the brand can't afford the money. has a lot of money Brand millions Taking on creators and subs pay barter If he is getting it done then obviously he has the money He also pays a lot to those who pay. Brands didn't even negotiate with me. I mean, if I gave them a big I also say that Fair and Lovely Aaya Tha Wo Sorry Glow and Lovely Glow and Lovely had come so I encouraged him and said Diya, I don't ask for Rs 25,000 from anyone. Yes, because I don't have that much, obviously. So I said I will charge 25000. think of a reel, he said yes and I sat down and said for 25000 Yes, I told you brother, you are watching my views. You are not looking but it is the same They know how to promote us. Which product do we need? Please don't, it happens many times that he Think long term and not just now think because the most toxic Behavior I love about our beauty creators It seems that this is 60 days 90 days payment. What is the issue, that means that brand for 90 days Your content will see how many More views, reach and how much they got There has been more profit and sometimes it happens It happens that if the video does not play then it Later they say that it means payout is less. are we not because yes my one This happened to me only once, you can sue them. that you yes obviously if you said If you said you would give me 000 And later you are saying that we are not If we give it then it means it is obviously illegal, right? Because if the entire mail that comes contains this The term is written that it is not your video If it goes then we won't pay, then it's okay. Now it's up to them again, but this isn't usual. It would have been written that whether the video runs or not, it is not theirs. It just happens that 90 days is why keep that they have time to process the payment It takes time, which is a very stupid thing. Payment from many brands even within two days It does it, it is UPI, you can do it also. And even after 90 days, you would still have to beg. There are a lot of people who have anger towards you. Some brands are so good that we You don't even have to say anything, payment will come in front. It happens but with some people it is so We have to think more about our brother Please give us the money you have and this This does not happen from the brands' side. This brand from the agencies is fine but Agencies benefit greatly because Obviously they know that millions You are creators, if you don't say yes then someone else will And he will do it and he will take advantage of this very thing. There are so many creators that's why They take advantage of them without even knowing it How to charge it brother, how to do it If they have to do it, they undervalue it. And then the rest is history but no creator How will they know how much they charge? You should like him and get more subscribers According to end views, if you don't If you knew, they would have master classes too. If so, you can learn a lot from them. Yes, because I was also in it at that time. Pay I had 7000 something subscribers and I have attended only one masterclass. And then after I turn 100 I attended his masterclass. Too Instagram has 2 subscribers and if Your views get 34000 a long form I am talking about videos on shorts if If you have 5000 subscribers then at least 10 You should get 2 to 12, I don't talk about barter. I mean don't barter with anyone, but if You have only a thousand subscribers and you are You are thinking that if you get paid then that too Don't think because your value or like me I say you should know your place. One such brand is now known as I Am Beauty Co. I won't get out because I know that I mean, my current profile is as follows It is not made, I don't have that much yet Reach out to brands that I am ready to give you money if you Have views so if you have 5000 subscribers and if you're getting 3 to If you get 4000 views then you can easily get 2.5 to 3000. You can charge Rs 5000 for integrated You can charge the dedicated one there only if If we talk about shorts then if your If you are getting 10-12 thousand views then you are getting 5000 You can charge the end or the meaning of the shots I'm wearing integrated shorts so far I've done If it is not there then I have no idea about it but Dedicated like fully a product of if If you are making shorts then that ta pay if you have 10k subscribers I will say the same thing again that 2000 Don't Ask Brands Below Subscribers For paid Kolbo because even if you take money You will take it even if I give you money as a brand. If I am here then I know you are out of reach It will come and if it does not reach then I will tell you If I don't give you work again, it will take a little longer. Think on a term basis that there is always a Addition two that if he asked for just one reel You can also post a story and you can also post it later. Feature that product in your reel. I have learnt it from Shipra, oh I am thinking the same. I have heard this somewhere, he just I had uploaded the video, so right now I got it from that link. I also felt that yes because a long term Your relationship will be made so if you have 5000 On Instagram2 10K views on instagram2 can you charge the end of the reel Then sto story and story pe so simple It happens if your Hajj story is getting views Yes, you can charge Rs. 100. You can charge Rs 100 for static post. Not many people do it, but half of the reel you You can do it in static post or end What about stories, what about stories Views are coming, means if 100 views are coming If yes then ₹ 500 is coming then 00 for If the example goes till my dooj then I can charge that according to but you Then it will also have to be maintained that much I came to know that your story got views The time you told me that collab story You have to put it in and your 200 rupees are coming in it. You have got 000 dozen views, makes sense ok So my next question is for you. You stay so consistent that you burn out. How do you live without me, I know everything The Creator Has a Face: Everyone Has Their Ups and Downs It keeps happening, I have a lot of downtime Because my college is not with me It could have been managed and you too would have got married. Later I can understand that many How are responsibilities explained? Seeing you, all the people in the house If the responsibility is on you, then you How to be consistent without burning out You maintain it, I will say that I burn I never get out whenever I shoot. I do it because I love shooting. Now yesterday I started the shoot at 3:00 pm And at 9:30 it was over and I was hungry. Thirsty brother, I got my makeup done three or four times Removing makeup means the trickiest thing. This was the video that I have shot till date and I loved it and then I edited it after that. I was messaging Tushar too He is saying that my eyes are burning. That brother, you go to sleep, you can do it tomorrow like this today. So why don't you upload that video? She is trying so hard but I like it. So I don't burn out, but what I Faces come that consistent and inconsistent How do I get out of it? I can tell from within that unless there is motivation You can't do anything unless you You will not have a real life, right? There's no money in the bank, now you have to do it. It will have to be because brother it is not Collab but Adsense I am not coming for how many years, it has been two years. My regular Adsense did not arrive. He did not come regularly, he did not come at all. It is there but that means when you come to a level You go when you know that Your potential is that you, brother, are so You can earn money, but you are not earning it. I just now when I was how did I get motivation I'll tell you, I just sat there randomly. I thought I had been here for a long time I'm going to start with that one guy. Every time I put it in the video, why don't I Let me put it in, now look brother, now I I am becoming consistent with you now I'm making a promise to myself I don't think he works on consistency. I also made a reel about the 500 k challenge. I had done it too, so I tried a lot of things but nothing. Work Kara for XY Judd Reason I don't Blame anyone but me, okay now I've just I was sitting and I was just analyzing it. I was wondering how many videos I had watched last year. Dali total long form was 16 and I I I was shaken and said 16 I would have said YouTube. I have uploaded 16 videos of myself. I mean, I can put it in a month, brother. 16 videos are absolutely embarrassing Then I saw that well before that I mean, I was completely dead. I was active for a year before marriage. When I went, I put even less in it. Then I checked it and it was 42 And I was surprised, I said brother, marriage After I did so much for marriage I'm going for a walk after I've done everything. I'm wandering here and there, we're doing anything I mean, how many logs can I put in my marriage? 16 after including blogs of Then there were 42 videos and before that there were 140. There were some videos so I became like this I said that it was my peak time in 2022. I have uploaded 8.5 videos every month, which means two If you talk about the month, then almost like nine videos in a month eight videos in a month And at that time I realized that brother Then if I could have done it, I would have known it. I didn't have anything, now I teach people. I do everything, I do such big things I am handling the creators' page, so I Why can't you do that for yourself now? I got clicked and that means 30 or 28 The date is January and I am still So I am making it, but I just hope I make it. I want to stay and if I ever feel like this again So I tried the same pattern Ungierd I had said in the cast that my car is still If I have not come then how can I do it, then I I will tell you this if you want to become something. You have to do something like I did When I started, I had that hunger inside me that I have to prove to someone that he is 100% It was over before it even happened because I was crying the day I turned 100. That friend, why did you turn 100 for me? I am not doing anything for him, he just happened. But I am not that type of content. I am making you cry, I don't deserve it Himangi was with me at that time. Editor slash manager whatever you say, he has I told him that if you don't deserve it How come you don't come at all, then it's the same thing Gradually, meaning from 100 to 150 now. It has happened in two years but now it is 150 to 200. If I go this year, it will be good, right? million Listen, we just give each other this motivation. If you hadn't lived to hear a million, you would have edited all day yesterday. I shot it and also planned the content. Well, I think that the same content Creators have a phase when they enter When we go, we forget to eat and drink. All the people I've seen Including myself like us people food Quit drinking and shoot non-stop for 12 hours I am hungry for butt content as much as I can. For And tell me how you plan and How much time does it take you to like content? In planning In pre-production In filming and editing, okay so now Like I shot two reels yesterday and both She was on the same look, so obviously now makeup If someone looks at it like this, it is the same but he It took me an hour and a quarter to plan. I thought I had to write some shorts. There is a transition video in both of them. Write down all the steps and what to do To transition, will there be hand movement? Write down what will come on which frame and then Written in the order in which I can shoot that So it is not that you do it step by step Too because the makeup is getting removed and it also comes in If it is happening then it has been shot at different times. Some happened during the day and some in the evening. So that's the thing, so the shoot took one to one and a quarter hours. It took me 6 hours from 3:00 to 9:00 9:30 PM to Actual Transition Video Shooting takes a lot of time and when you You're alone because you have to set it up yourself. Yes plus I was using PC. I just remembered it when I thought I would call I could have done that work too but I work on PC. I made it keep playing on a loop, I don't know Why, I kept going to play it again and again. She was doing it, then sitting down and then pausing. It was happening, meaning all that was happening in it. It took me 15 minutes to edit it. I got very frustrated in the reel that What happened, this was edited in 15 minutes. But there are many videos like this one which We will shoot the video in an hour. We had to do some planning in the setup. No, it took us at least half an hour to setup. By removing the low charging and shooting, we will feel Two hours approx edit will take two days So he verifies everyone separately if easy Edit will happen, meaning short quick edit If it happens, it happens very quickly. I am a I edit five reels a day. But many times it also means that the client If work comes then I have just done one in it. I gave the podcast, so it took me six days. In giving that podcast a podcast So all my work stops when someone like this Heavy edit comes but then again that cover Gets five reels if you give in a day had been So different now you have started your freelance journey Nice host dude Eye Liker You also mentioned freelancing. If you did, I want to know if you started this. When did you do it, how did you do it and what did you mean by that thought? There was a process behind this, so I started I did it last year when the money was not coming. were because there was no collab at all and My channel was dead obviously because I I was working so I told my sister I keep talking about this a lot He said that you edit videos etc. Meaning I can do freelancing and all that. I said, okay, let's try it. If you look at it, I have taken as many as I can Shilpi Tanuja was the friend circle of all these people. I told him, brother, get it done like this. He got it done and I said, oh this That's great, so I was charging 00 What is that tiny thing, tell me it is so I get angry, I said brother, I am in 00 I am editing, it used to be a basic edit but Still 200 is way to less and for the The experience that I have is very bad If so, you said yes, by the way, it is my first too. Whatever freelancing project I got It was from these that I got Yes, then I realized and I said ok i have to you know make it professional now Now when I think of it like this, I've created an agency called One Guys Hive Craft Media is his name, actually I Can I join your agency? My internship is here. It will happen, that's why I am saying it means it Not registered but get it done, no, mine Internship will be done, this is where the money is spent. But whatever it is, I mean right now I have a lot of such things. Basic stage p infem pe hai to start kara I have given one or two clients to my friends. Youtube only does it at such cheap rates I started enjoying editing because I have so much fun editing my videos. I don't know as much about editing as others. I was coming so I did that and then I went to social media. Management Start Kara Den Lucky Job Ke Also what I told you about International Client they met and then it changed like Because that was the highest paying job I had than they were paying for a good Amount of work also but I complete it at night I used to do it after leaving his office and going to the metro. When I used to come, I used to come doing the same thing. It was a lot of hard work, but I was enjoying it. And now I'm the social media of the rest of us. I am managing and editing Thumbnail making is all I do, so it's a big deal. Looks like it's sorted, what else did you ask? I forgot you and I started telling you something. It's like you thought about how to start it. I didn't have any money, so I thought If the collabs aren't coming, what else can I do? So that I can earn money, my skills is it the only way I can make money or I can take master classes, Master. I don't take classes at that time because I wanted to because I wasn't doing it myself. So what should I tell others to do brother? Now I'm doing it, so now I just did a I took a class and it went very well, meaning 15-20 There were people there and we all had a lot of fun. It felt great, so at that time if I myself I am not putting it and I am telling others I am not putting it, yours will grow. Hey brother, you do it yourself then I can talk. No, I removed it At least you will get a fixed amount from your job. I can't grow at all, so I thought I said let's try freelancing and I Did and if someone else has to do it, you can do it. what suggestion to give Would like your edits if video editing What am I talking about or anything else? If you want to sell to people, you have to come and you should show that you If it comes, for example, I already have one Profile or portfolio as it is called was ready because I do my own edits so people I know that I know how to edit. And I like editing. I love creative edits like Joe transition videos, I mean, like this It's still my favorite that I showed it to. It became like this, which means you should do more of it. You are still here because of what I did last night. He kept it there the whole night yesterday. Edited and since I came I am half I must have been feeling these nails for an hour. It was my first time applying it and didi Till then I am just editing them. There is so much obsession with perfection that here But this should not happen there, that should not happen there. Editing should be done frame by frame He edited it by making like grids I have kept it, meaning I have to edit all this. For transition videos, I mean, this That if someone even watches that video in slow motion Will you watch any of my transition videos? So he cannot say anywhere that this So the meaning is different in that, color grading, everything I did some beans in each frame again Wherever it means because obviously now so many It took 6 hours for you to shoot. So it was night from afternoon so the lighting Obviously, if there are changes, then make all those changes. I mean, I like that thing as my own. Now I can also put it from inside which I did my first draft, it was good too. It was there but it was not the best, now I have my I have done my best, now whether he goes or not, I will It is not from above but I got mine done completely I am proud at least of my content piece This is what I have, but if anyone else If you want to start freelancing then brother, Build a portfolio without a portfolio Many people come to me to join me. On what basis should I join you? I tell them to send their What is a portfolio? Meaning it is basic if you are asking that You give me the collab and if I ask you I'm asking if you want to collaborate. If you don't have any ideas, do some research. Do it about that, I mean I also learned it. People now want to learn everything ready-made. I am ready to give it to you but you too It should make some sense to me as well. Now I have taught you too, you are still learning. If it is there, I will keep giving it tips. Because I know that there is a need to learn I am curious, what do you mean by that? I am living that means that potential in it that she can grow as well plus she She wants to learn, it's not just that you say yes. Do it, you tell me what I should do, that means If the one who is not coming ever comes then I too will I feel like telling you when I think of it Yes, you know the person in front is a little hungry. Like me, yes, I have to do this thing. And there are many people who take advice You would ask yourself and then slide it like this I would have turned it off like yes, yes, it's okay brother. So I already knew what he said, brother. But you actually have to join his master class. I should do it, I am not promoting it. Because as a new creator when I enter the field When I came here, I knew nothing about it About and the way to take Didi Masterclass like he gives you We will explain the basics from the very basics and then end. Do you know if there is an NA session as well? I did not understand everything Which doesn't even happen, didi, by extending it It will take a two-hour Q&A session because He wants to talk to everyone and answer everyone's questions. If you want to answer this then please do it somewhere here. There will be a link in the description box, so go there. Register etc., he keeps coming on Sundays. Master class is over brother, thank you, thank you. Thanks for the integration, you get paid. will go ₹50 should be deducted for over acting. 11 rupees for good omen Let's see the next question next Our host is a bit raw, first question. It's 333, so oh nice, she came. Now 333 is happening on 111, that is why This girl is growing lol so we would come You are on to your next question. I told you my journey and yours I have explained the strategy but now reach right now. What are you doing, what is your strategy? Is I think I have increased it so much and all this Because such proper scripted videos It looks scripted, that Leeali is good There is a product but it is not an ad, meaning it Even Nidhi Di did not know that I was doing something like this. I am doing this when did they send me The first thing I begged him was Please send me your blush to try. So he gave me that whole set of blushes. makeup brushes and a lip balm that I It is a huge favourite and is also running out. and sent me a setting spray Those two products because lip balm is obviously I always use it, I have been using it for a long time. But I didn't want to make it my own. Because I've said it many times, brushes There were not enough and blushes of theirs are new When they were launched, I thought I would focus on these two. I make it and if I make something different then it will be a little There is a story telling type video in it, right? I have also added a visual hook that brother, one I made a loop that caused my breakup. There is a complete loop in this thing which cannot happen. The video is where I am taking it from and I am saying this in one I am taking it out of the fridge and it Even if a random person sees the visual hook If he is doing so, he will stop and suddenly it will become dark. Now why am I in the fridge? I'm going to try those things. And now what will come in the transition videos I want to bring it back very much Social media growth strategies and these I am telling you everything as it is set up now. I put the reel with the sound effects in the back I am trying everything I had to put in Mix and match beauty and social media I don't want to do fashion at all. Because I am against hall culture now I don't want to do that ever, ever. I will put it once a month or a year, so it is different. It's a matter because I will buy clothes. So this is it for If you put a YouTuber on it, it would earn Rs 700-800. Views are here which is very bad for me If you look at the channel, 5 lakh subscribers 800 What nonsense do views mean, but it's okay. I will try to go beyond that as well. I like podcast type related social I will upload more media related videos. Beauty Wale and then blogs so this ratio Plus shorts I'll try That I can put as much raw content as I want. If I put it in shorts, what I eat in a Day What I Do in a Day is a blog I am very much into style. I am trying to do more if my Phone space is full but let's see Storage issue, what kind of storage is mine? The laptop is full, the PC is full, two The hard disk is full, take the C drive I have kept it, it is full, which means there is space. No, I keep deleting likes. Today's videos are done, edited, raw footage. Delete it because there is no more space left. Yes, I do it now but in 2020 Those edits are still with me. There haven't been any videos yet, I mean two or three. The video is from last year's very Kent Lying like this, I think about it now I will have to edit it now that she has come to Mumbai. This was the last time she came to Mumbai. Now she is posting the same content as when she came to Mumbai. Has it happened yet and it hasn't happened yet I haven't logged in today because I'm gone. My audience will say this whenever they see a camera. She picks up the girl and runs away to Mumbai Coming back To the point, the new creators are like this What mistakes are they making that are causing them to face difficulties now? to avoid I should not generalize like this. Obviously, but I am a very common thing looking at I am one of those creators, I mean a lot of creators. I can tell those who come to me I don't know about the rest, A lot of people are not ready for this to accept that their video It is useless and not in the sense of it Absolutely Lousy But Useless In The Sense Of Not The Best I also like my videos, those ones are useless I am telling you what I feel in my mind that The quality could have been a little better If it could have been crisp, they would always have done better. Wait, if I could give this feedback to anyone. I am saying that if this doesn't feel good then that Get offended that good but they So he said, it feels good, okay then. Then don't ask for my feedback, or So ask for my feedback when you are open. to be criticized because if I If I give raw feedback to someone, then it is me I can give the entire general as per my wish. I can't give it to the public, okay? I will tell you whatever I feel like He is not open to getting criticism and if You are in an online space where everything The public is there to criticize you. If you are putting it then put it after thinking about it, I mean Now he hates me, I would have been happy I said wow engagement and I love it So I ask God, please God It's okay if you get a hit, just make it viral. It happens that I just had a video, so that I had posted the transition video and on it na ek audio thi break up do you want to Break up with me and this one is my focus He was not there and neither did I get two or four comments. Even then I will break up and it will be good. I said that we have broken up, what is this? It happened suddenly, why is this coming? I never said this anywhere, I mean So I am married to one or two people, so I I even wrote and said, brother, I am married. Now what is the breakup, that will be my later decision. I realized I said good audio It is stuck, I said, okay, do it again. Do it as much as you like or just be open to it. Feedback I would say actually because There are people in the industry who only care about you They will say good things in front and behind Will criticize and will not criticize I will tell you that he does a lot of back biting. If all the people look at you from the front If constructive criticism is being received then It's good that you can improve beyond that. Like I could get a lot of Because I need a lot of improvement. All that is needed is and I agree on that but if Someone will come and tell me, yes brother, you So it means she is doing really well and Literally he will go behind me and say that brother you If you look at his content, he might be a bit weird. goes personal experience and also i Would like to add that it is not the case that if You listen to me as I speak take it you should know that you Now I have to decide whether I should actually do it or not. I told him, friend, what is this nail thing? I am making a video, this will not work otherwise You should also use your brain a little bit It should be that brother, content is not content. If it works then it's fine but I will put it in. You said it was fine, did you come? Respect me, but if I put it in, then you I should also have 100 people now. Two or three of my friends say such things. who I take guidance from So someone told me that this channel Turn it off, someone said, turn on this channel. Now I have to analyze whether my I don't know whether I want to run that channel or not. You will have to do it after looking at everything. I mean, if I'm that influential I will go if someone else says so, you take it. Listen to what facts they are giving. He is giving reasons behind that logic but You know yourself best Judge on that basis, not just that If I told you to do it, or someone else did it. If I have told you then do it, use your brain a little. Be open to feedback as well as your It is also good for the brain either now or in 2025. It's Still Possible to Grow from Zero to Yes Obviously it will happen in 2030 as well as in 2050 will happen because No matter how much competition there is, I mean, this Let me take the example of a safety pin. How long have the shops been running and are they still running? Brother, safety must be the biggest seller. Pin means people say to me that brother Give me a business idea, I would say this. Yes, brother, use a safety pin. What business do you have in manufacturing? I'll give you an idea, you'll see what happens to you. you like to make and what you like to do It's become a little unrelated, but yes Obviously, it's a good time to start Because if you don't start it You won't even know you've failed. What happened when we passed that thing? If we don't do it then how can we judge ourselves? Is it good or not as long as you keep reading that Friend, now if time passes then time passes. It will happen if you don't start today. So if I don't start today then it Someone must have given it, so start it. If you are not doing it then you You have to start because you need to grow. If you are going to be, keep in mind that you You will have to work and nowadays everyone has ideas. It is passed whether it is for business or No one may have anything but everyone I have ideas and whatever idea I have, it will happen. I have it and maybe they have it too, if If you don't do it, someone else will. It would be better if you do it yourself first and then You will not regret it later brother. I didn't do it, he did it now. Like I like that which is enough for me The trend of Mia vs Masho came I brought it but I only had two of its pieces. What did the other creators do? It has created a stir brother, I mean he made a whole series. Di, till today he has played at least 50-50 parts of it. It's going on and it's not like I did that I had started it but no one did it at that time. I mean, at that time also my sister was This is what I said to him that friend, no one can do this. If it is happening then it means you can do it I said yes, okay, I will make a reel now. I stopped at one reel, the rest of the creators Didn't stop the rest of the creators, only me I see so many profiles that do just this and I feel proud also but then No one knows that I am trending. That means the creator is going to do the math first. What is the use of that thing if you continue? If you don't do that thing then that too is yours Stick to the idea so guys we took a Little break because we were stiff Bones are old, we both are old at 21. And 27 year old so right now we're next Let's move on to our birding creators. To help today's generation How can I monetize myself with Best Wage? can whether they youtube is 4 hours long so to speak That's been done for 3000 hours but on that Ads are not run, you just have a membership. Super Chat can do all this so do sense on You can make good quality to Videos that retain audiences That brother, if someone has started it then what will happen to the end? Keep hooked till the guy watches the entire video Fill me with so much knowledge that that guy and That's why you have to look at the makeup There are videos that many people make these days. Why would anyone watch hall video makeup video Till the end because everyone knows how to do makeup Unlaced End Ants, which video would I have seen? I don't even care about makeup, so that Monitor the content you consume carefully You are doing that kind of content, create that kind only. put content now that doesn't mean you start putting that [ __ ] and all this because The same is being consumed but try that end Afit marketing is a little bit I am that much I don't focus beyond that because it's very He spoils the market because Suppose if there is any P, I will not take the name I would like to because I don't know, you can also take it By the way, I have a wish link, I have to refuse and take it. Deti beep beep yes so as many Platforms are those of birding creators It is very good for him because he If you are making money If you can't find a collab, you You can earn this much from Afit commission but one thing Look at you for masho at 0.1 or even % Take it, you are getting 1% commission for ₹1 You sent the item and you are getting Rs. Sent you goods worth 1 lakh for just 1 If he is getting revenue then the other person Are you making so much use of yourself? How much harm are you causing because you Then you won't even get a collab worth 1 lakh. You will be able to sell the goods only when you Views will come if you are getting views. So why are you getting into Afit? Why aren't so many collaborators? Fashion creators are worried because We got into Afit now we got Savannah Urbani Barter comes from all this sourcing. Afit commission is being generated but Brother, money is not coming, what do you mean by that? In collab, he will comfortably give you 253 Hz. I used to give you that thing earlier, now you are Sell goods worth lakhs and then you will get what nonsense This is why I am a little bit away from hall culture. I am going away, firstly consumer jam etc. All this is also a bit eco-friendly. It turns out it's not me at all I always do not use plastic Obviously I am doing it but one time use You get Masho's clothes for everyone to know that they are not that good and if Even if they are good, how many should you buy? I will take it if I see it in the hall I stopped because the more I looked at the hall The more I feel like doing things I will buy it then I will definitely order one product I will take what I don't need I have 10 foundations and still I I feel like some new makeup, I mean me Because I love makeup but I I don't want to buy makeup because I already have it. If I have makeup, how much should I apply? I am this, what you say is big What was I saying, what am I trying to say? So listen to this, I have come to the hall now. So, no matter how big these vanities are People have created a type of it, that is theirs. Now it is everyone's job that if someone Even if he is not a content creator, he should be treated as such I want my own room and you know mine is also big. Obviously I feel like doing this on Pinterest Aesthetic but it's not feasible for everyone Meaning you will apply 100 lipsticks content The creator will install it because he has to install it daily. If you want to show him something new daily, then do it once It's still okay, it's his job, but as a Consumer It's Very Weird So Coming Back How do content creators make money? You can earn a lot from Afeel platforms if wish link lela and in You don't have to do everything, if you have a hype deck. If you don't want to do that either then you can do it normally Nayaka You can apply by going to Nykaa's Affiliate The program is from amazon-in and Wishful Jo is from The Beauty Everyone has their own fitness program, so there You can go and apply and then call Shuns basics, I have already told you how How to charge, how not to pitch always. you have to do it it's not like we're doing it now We will not pitch because now we have to pay attention to our egos. I hate that when I hear Creators I don't pitch brands. Because I have value in the market now. I mean, brother, I go to the MacBook store. I will go and pitch it to them that brother You see my work but yes there is this also happens if you pitch from the front If yes, then brands will also give you very lightly Let's take it, this also happens quite often, so this It's not that both are wrong, which means it's okay for me. Pitching brands seems to be the front-runners. If someone doesn't feel okay then that is also wrong. No, because brands treat it like I understand that but I don't like it That's it, collaboration happened and What happens is you can sell your skills How you sell yourself in content creation You are doing it but if you start freelancing If you give then you sell your skills then that Is There One Product That You Can Sell Product Or get into the services business like I did. I have entered many times, so you should do that also. You can end up with a base and By base I mean 1 lakh subscribers. The base is like your audience even a little bit. Be it 10,000 people or even a thousand people Yes, if you become that strong community. It is as I have become That's what Glad's my community is all about. Well, if your community is like this, you can do something You can also sell it literally and not them Selling But It Remains to Build Trust and it's not like that trust build Once it's done, you can literally sell anything, brother. I have started selling betting Well, it doesn't happen like that, I mean, it's just good stuff. Sell what benefits them and you too. Give benefit because trust you give two times in a year You are building money once a year You will get it and it will end up in Fit Rasa. No matter how much money I get, even if it's ₹1 lakh If someone is giving me Fair and Lovely No I will sell it if it is good, if it is black then it is useless It's simple, many people say this to me. If you are a content creator then we There is no need to read, this is me I never say this, I always say this I also just asked this, brother, are you a master? You do your job, you do whatever job you want to do. Content Creation Has to Be Done But Masters Curry Yes, I always say education first. I'll keep it, whether I use it or not. But I don't want anyone to be left behind In any of them you are creating content. Yes, you are very good, you earn 2 lakhs. You may earn lakhs or crores but Masters Do Bachelors Do You Have to Have a Degree You don't know what will happen tomorrow na tiktokfanshack.xyz This means that if someone says this, Sell water also, I mean those who are not even thirsty. You might be thinking I could give him water too. I am like this, I should be that, what does it mean? You just do something, I just want that. Digital Product Services Freelancing You You can do this too, I get distracted a lot. No no it's fine your own podcast I just hacked it, I thought it was hacked. It is not done but as you said that you How to approach the brand We can also approach ourselves, how do you If you had approached me personally, I would have sent you an email. Now whether they see it or not is up to them. I also DM brands a lot. If I find any such product Like if you take Cuffs and Lashes, they are my He was not going to send PR to Now I was going to send it to the Daily Creators Live in Mumbai but because I told him That I have to try it, it came to me So if you don't ask, then your Now it does not mean that how will it come Go and give me the product of every brand. Give me two products, not from A but from B. Little Professional, you should also know this Why should that brand be your work? He will get all that done from you in that DM too. Put it, I will write everything down, that means I really like whatever product I have. I like that product So I would like to promote that product From your profile and we do this These will be my charges, I can I will not barter obviously because It's not that I'm approaching myself. I will do your work for free I will not give it, your work is also being done. My work is also getting done so it's both ways I will obviously charge it or something like this Hee Butt is a personal experience because When I started out, I was very I was young, I was 16-17 and I did something else. I don't know why I look that way on my face anyway I was not that old so I had a baby for the first time. The brand had reached out and that Clothing brands like PJ Sides and He used to do this stuff a lot at that time. If I had made more blogs etc. I reached out to him but he was Didn't turn out well Like that would you like to promote lingerie? And by the way, I said all these things If it is not possible then all such things will also It can happen to you, so just stay aware. And you should know what you are promoting. are you doing and don't you want to promote I also want Bata Kolben if you can find it. So it is not that you buy from all the brands. Because there are so many opportunities these days. That someone will definitely give you a better I made this mistake when I started I said that when I was getting it, I didn't even get one. I did not leave the brand and the opportunity I got I was coming and I took it and did not do that. You should because you can also connect your audience with it. You confuse the first thing with that What do you mean by the base not being formed? Yes brother, this guy is also promoting this product. and then she is also doing it, so she is not Now I can do it on a regular basis. I use four face washes, still the three that I have I have kept my wash with gram flour only because right now I have just washed my face before I saw two of them. But now if I tell this to someone else If I tell my audience each face I put it in the wash every day too, you crazy They will go and say, brother, what are these three face washes? Which one should we take, which one is better for skin Type and all this also depends brother. Who knows, sometimes my hair gets dry. If I become sensitive then I act accordingly. I keep changing from then I am always long 10 things I tell you in the videos I use it because I have it if You don't have it and you have to get it So if you take this one, it will be like that too. You need your audience to be my If I even say this to the audience, don't glow And I just asked Lovely that Brother, should I do this? Everyone said yes. He said, brother, you are getting money, you should do it. Look what is ours, I said no friend, I mean You are thinking like this but some new guy If he sees me, he will think that I am for sale. Such comments also come when sen lasses When I came to Wali, it meant nothing. It wasn't even a collab, it was just them. If PR had been sent then I would not have made it. But I made such a great reel that People are thinking wow, this is what I have done. Said wow friend not Dishi but actually Creators have a lot of products Now I barely get through the day I used to be able to use a face wash but now my The morning face wash is different and the night face wash is different. Because I have so many products. I have to use it, it expires It would be better if I use it myself and when Even if we had uploaded videos, we would have received such comments. Oh, there was no need to put this on Why are you putting this on, hey brother, it is there now We will definitely plant it, now here comes my favorite. Question Dar See There is no atmosphere of fear here. But my favorite question is, what are we doing today? The situation is also going on on social media. Can we do content creation full time? Can Yes, I would have refused even 10 years ago. I am still refusing to create content. Do it full time but always have a backup. If you look at any creator, he will only youtube1 will tell you things that I can also tell you from here I earn money, I earn money from there too Everyone on the Internet is doing something And the other because if you get even ₹ lakh from this You are earning this much per month, you are earning this much today. You will not be earning 10 lakhs after a year now. I was earning in 2022, then I stopped and Then I am not earning anymore, so now I I have been consistent for 10 days. Obviously I won't get any money but I need it today, but on the very first day But I will give up because I don't have the money. What is coming is that thing that means long term I can do it but again like this Never make it your main priority Don't put content creation first either. Put something else first, even if it costs less. You are giving the most to content creation. For me it was my business always That I will keep business as my first priority. whether it's a scrunchie top or a diva My freelance hive is Craft Media. I can make as much money as I want from it. I earn Rs 000 per month and I want to earn Rs 50 from it. Yes, which is not coming but even if 50 is coming Even if it is there, I will call him main or my main. That is my income source because I have to stop it. Don't do it because it will at least do nothing. There's no guarantee that something will come along. What will happen when, which law will come, which Whatever the bill may be, it could be anything. It is problematic But what can we do now? I would like to talk to you about my personal life. So how is your personal life like right now? What a day in my life looks like Like daily routine, I wake up in the morning Easy Easy means 7:00 at 7:00 I rarely wake up at 7 o'clock because When water comes, sometimes it fills with frost Sometimes I fill the one whose eyes open Then we will make breakfast. He eats breakfast, then I pack his lunch. I give it to him sometimes and he does it and then he leaves. Then I go do my freelance work As soon as he leaves at 9:00 my PC It starts, I start my work I make my breakfast, sometimes we separate. If we eat, I take my breakfast with me. I sit and he eats and goes away or packs it. Having done whatever he had to do, I sat down and Then when he comes at night, I PC I wake up from this, this is my routine I am also having lunch, lunch is ready Meaning, the maid comes in the morning, she prepares the food and goes away. It is 7:00 am only, now you can eat at 2 pm if you want. Even if you eat the same stale bread at 4:00 pm She doesn't even like it that much, she is kept I really like roti butt. I don't like it, it means I don't have any bread left. I don't know why it smells Even if it's half an hour old, it seems like This is old and I am not at home at all. I didn't eat it, but now I eat it. Couple you know, people have to eat after marriage They change just like I change my diet. I am eating spinach brother, I am eating fenugreek. I tell my mom that it is Aloo Methi. If you eat potato fenugreek then this happens but eating and or thatchi looks like if If I had to shoot, I would sit at 2 o'clock. Then I wrap up by 5:00 I give because I also teach tuition. I am so or since when recently I started in In December I teach tuition and then another He is a student but I taught tuition I used to do it when I was in school myself and I Meaning she used to teach small children and I used to take money from him in those days. I then Maybe brother, then I am in fifth standard I was in school and I taught fewer children than him. It wasn't there, but I too wasn't there when I was there. Where I used to live, people there I could afford a good parade, but then Also God and my own maths is very bad But I used to teach people, yes that is you That's it, I should know how to sell myself. I will teach you, you just study from me I taught my first tuition. I was in my first year, I mean I was in graduation. So I used to go from college to college in the morning. She used to come from around 34 pm and then home tuition I used to go to teach and then I used to go to the gym there. Then I used to come home directly at 9:00 pm. I mean, this used to be my routine at night. I am eating, why is it not happening now, gym guys? We had taken the membership in December but I don't feel like it at all in the morning, man. I wake up at 5:00 and Tushar is still there. The timing has become such that it happens at night If it comes very late then how come at 5:00 in the morning It will be lifted, meaning where and when should we go, not to the gym Ho Pa Anyway As A Content Creator Life Any routine is very unbalanced. It doesn't happen to us, I want to fix it. I mean the whole routine because now my You can also say it's because of freelance or something. Even then I sit down to work at 9:00. I sit and then I go again at 10:00 pm Sometimes I wake up and it happens that Tushar He comes and I'm still working. I am working from 11:30 to 12:1 One day I worked for 17 hours I had shifted it, I said what is the benefit of this When you feel like doing your work so much I am having fun but what should I do if I am stuck I have been there but I am enjoying it and having an experience. The most important thing I am getting is yes and right. Took a small break again because the battery If it was over then now you have to change the frame also. It seems like you have taken another camera, but let's do it. It so happened that the camera battery gave up on us. Wrapping up the podcast Last two questions, whatever you have said so far Your biggest journey has been What was the challenge and how did you overcome it? Kia Biggest Challenge Consistency Hai Woh I am still overcoming it, which means I am trying. I do it, now I am uploading daily. Apart from that I don't think there is any such challenge Major has come because I struggle a lot. There are people who want to get monetized, I am done. Luckily I say that it was my luck brother that The second one got monetized in two months The channel was Chill Cast, that too in one video If it gets monetized then I will never have to do anything like this. I did not have to face it, but I knew how much Struggle happens when you know me because I look at my friends, they are so Putting up good content and even monetizing it It doesn't mean it breaks my heart too See Such Potential Go Wasted Just Because Luck If it doesn't work then I just I feel consistency within myself and everyone else I can make things better with views It doesn't matter to me in the first place Obviously it doesn't matter that much sometimes I feel like my friend, work so hard and get so much When knowledge goes to waste, not so good I made the video in the six hours I spent on it. I have made a total of seven to eight. It's taken hours in total, I know it won't work. Yes, it is already good, I want to drive it. I don't think it's not working. I should go, but I know Practically, she won't go if she goes. So that's great, let's take the negative from there. My makeup will become positive There was a transition, he is at 76 now. Random, I didn't think he would go this far. But I left because when hate comments came, it I didn't understand the algorithm of shots. I am here till today and I don't want to understand it as it is How to Overcome Consistency I think I've talked about it I'm going to follow the same formula that I If I don't do it, who will? And I have a I even got this T-shirt made, you know? I got it customized that if you want to do it Then I will do this and those friends I got it written in the font and I also got it tattooed. It has been made that this girl can and all this I have already tried it on paper but there is no question of tattoo. There is no benefit, so if you work then because I also made a vision board last year. At the end of the year, I did not achieve as much as I I felt like I could do as much as I could Actually you will have to try it yourself. There are many people who motivate you. You start it yourself, everyone around here It is giving you motivation but as long as it comes from within you I can't think of it, brother, yes, I do now Now I have to prove that I am Tushar She used to say the same thing that she was not as hungry as before. I had it in me that I have to do it, my friend. I have to do it now that she is no more and then when When she came, obviously now I will see the result myself. I am feeling good now that I am I feel like no friend today I have to shoot, no matter how much I I must be tired, I haven't eaten. So I sit down and eat at one o'clock. that I cannot give any reason then brother Why didn't I shoot between 3:00 and 5:00? I have everything I have my setup I have people who support me Such cute cooch subscribers are doing who follow me in such a way that Wow didi, why are you putting it in? So It Just Feels Good That You're Valued so but still you are not doing it so you Are you taking it for granted? I said this. There was also an episode in some previous live that I There are many such things which are taken for granted. No, she was assuming that my brother will go away. So why will it work, it is not to be driven like this I don't want to run, I mean, I He thought that if he walks then he will definitely push. If you hit me, I'll put a video sometime in 100 years. I will go but not build the community. If it happens, new people will not join it. I will not be able to teach new people what I mean by mine I am not able to do that, my motive I am unable to make a video of my I can't see my face, either his or mine. We are going to be the last Question if you start on today's date own So what are some things you avoid? or some new way I remain consistent while doing my work. crying is the same I wear shorts daily and I never No, in any video, oh my god Perfectionist So are my friends All my people are like this, we are not the same If you have got the perfectionist, then you The more you run behind, the more you delay. My process and I learned this. over the period of so many years be seven years This video related to me went That's the only thing I learned while working there. That is, unless you make your process easy If you do this, nothing will happen because you You are working so hard and then what are your results? If you are not coming then you will get demotivated. Tell me, I made this video for seven hours, now that It's not working if I finish it in an hour If I do it and it doesn't work then what will happen to me? Maybe it doesn't feel that bad, but again, he It comes to the point that friend, I one day feel proud. On my content, I know it's bad. If it is made then at least now I have this that I am proud of that content but then I have to see that I am not here for views again Bhagu, you will take both things with you You have to do that for yourself as well. So what am I creating great content and then Views should also come, meaning no demotivation. Ho Cha comes into us like this, isn't it? If you want to do something then do it well, otherwise If you don't want to do it then there will be a lot of trouble around it. Content Gets Left Behind Guys Don't Do That Yes exactly I make so many videos of mine. There was this Palitana blog and all these Now you should see the videos, this hair I put the spray one inside the concealer. I am using it and putting it in shorts etc. I built an almirah, it's six months old. This is the almirah which is installed today because I thought, no friend, I am perfectly I will make it and in the pursuit of perfection It was not made and it was not even fixed and on it Obviously, I won't get any views now that I've posted it. So the 5000 views that came on it were at least If you come, then you keep creating content and Put it in and I am learning this from Nidhi Di. These days she would put on any shorts She also shows her raw life. She is showing so much food while eating alone She posts the content, brother, I will see it. that I become such that whatever I mean Who thinks, hey, who will shoot this now? We also ate Dal Makhani, okay now I will try it. She was saying the same thing, I said we just Order food and we will enjoy our shoot after eating it. If she were here, she would have done it first She shoots what I'm eating and that vat I would have made IT in a day, that would have become today's blog. She took what she got from Zomato and made this. If you take it, then find content in everything and Shoot normally, it is not like that You need a ring light now, natural You even made me shoot in the light, I don't do it. I never do it in natural light because I I don't know seems to be useless. Neither is it the same thing nor does it mean its content became successful because he didn't have to work hard. Just called me here and made me the first one I will do this setup, wait up and then sit down. My memory itself will be a waste of energy. So make your process easy, this means No, spoil the quality but of quality If you are running after views, you are Don't run back, that's just what I'm saying. I do this thing and then I I'm consistent and I'm happy and Today I would have been earning lakhs and crores and I I'm doing ash and then I'll give you a [ __ ] I don't even apply it, okay then I don't like this The host and I do our podcasts every day. Sofas don't exist like this and their channel is hacked today. It doesn't happen or that is true actually also It doesn't actually happen, it would have happened sooner. Then hurry up and I will be so rich Guys, why are you doing such luxurious makeup? If it were so, she would not have been chattering away in the cage. Still trying, then comes Huda Beauty Rare Beauty or should I become Malavika Silani Chuki Hoth Let's go today, Amir Podcast So let's wrap up today's podcast. I did it and had a lot of fun and gained a lot of knowledge. And if I got the experience, I would have got it. And I hope you guys got it too Yes, and if you haven't already, If you haven't registered, please see the description. There will be a link in the box, go and try it yourself. I am saying this for your own good, if I have to do it If you don't do it then your loss oh my god means I have never promoted myself this much till date. Poor brother is so tall in class If there is a podcast then people would not remind them. I should stay yes ma'am jim I am like ga ads True, and I'm thinking like this, I said. Because even if I ask a question, I still know. That means this type of thing can come of the masterclass that integrates so often It has happened, haven't you done it yet? how did you not do it do it still Look, you guys are just watching the video. Didn't you do it, watch the full video and go. There will be a link in the comments section below. There will be a link in the description box. You can do it, but please follow them too. And if possible, this poor man should also get an end channel. I also have enough raw raw material for me to speak. She's not even paying attention to me. It's on my podcast today. I hacked If so, I also have a channel, so you can watch Raw there. And like teenage girly is like now 21 21 Teenage teenage girly to 21 aisa main bola rhi Yes friend, listen, I am old now. I have finally entered my 20s. Don't ask me how you feel, you tell me. Now your podcast starts I don't Like this age I don't know is very serious Brother, think about your career. Find Internships Find Jobs Content Creation I have no idea what to do in life And we'll do a separate podcast on this. But I would suggest one thing, meaning Because this question is very prominently I wonder what brother is doing right now like this No everyone, my whole life is still passing by. I am just trying to figure out I am 27 I got married and everything was settled. I have but still I'm figuring it out So you will keep doing that now my mother I joined dance classes at this age. So she is also figuring out everyone is new If you are doing something then why so much stress? take when you know today let's go okay I know I was also stressed at that time. That brother, will there be a job or not, it will not happen, it has not happened. So what will happen then, but a little bit I have Acel, it is not in my genetics so I Blame it on my genetics because all Overthinking and all the overthinking and whatever. My problems are all due to my genetics. It is related so not complaining but Anyways not looking this age so you basically This is what I was saying, you are there as a college You can see the life of a student. It is very raw and real, very raw And if it is real then you can see that also. Like the video and subscribe to the channel Subscribe and we will meet again No, actually you will get this next time. In the podcast Oh By the Way We Are Also doing a video on Sajna channel so if you Want you can watch that? It's gonna be very fun. We haven't shot the video yet but we R excited for it because tomorrow its Birthday is for it because we have something different If you have tried to do this then you know something Birthday related and whatever it is, we will not tell But go down to the description There will be a link there, you can check it out. And or see it bye bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @VarshaMeghani [1 likes]: I can literally hear u talking for whole day ❤
  2. @Chillbee: Join YouTube Masterclass: https://topmate.io/chillbee/1457808
  3. @Everyday_perfection_09: Omg ❤ really your podcast videos are very useful yaar 🥺😍 

And mujhe bhi ek suggestion chahiye mera yt channel h but bhut lambe time se video nhi padi hai to kya ab se wo dead channel dubara start ho skta hai kya ??
  4. @devyanshu_suryavanshi: Hey, I saw your videos. They're great and informative but your thumbnails are not appealing enough. I think you should  hire a Professional Thumbnail Artist for your videos to increase your view count cause every impression matters. I can improve your ctr from 2-3% to 15%. Please acknowledge if interested.
  5. @AffectionatePuffin-lm1gj: Didu plz insta kese grow kre par video bna do
  6. @shaziya8112: Very informative ❤
  7. @shreshthag450: Very informative video… i also started my channel long back and now i dont know why i stopped making content but i really want to start
  8. @charanjeet1973pnp: ❤❤❤❤
  9. @healthfactsmore: I am learning from you❤
  10. @healthfactsmore: ❤❤❤❤❤
Thank you so much 🙏🏻 for motivation.
I will definitely earn this year 2025
  11. @SonamBabu-j6p: Didi Mera pr la lo please I m 16 Year old ❤
  12. @TinaJhawar: Yaarr, very honestly pehli baar esa video dekha jisme itna honesty se sab bataya, loved this video. Maybe relatable hai kaafi chillbee and meri story, nahi ho pari job krna content creation hi hai but consistency and helping him after shaadi, sab same haii. Loved it.
  13. @Ananya-v2z: liked hearing dis
  14. @thekirpaeffect: Maza aaya dunke❤
  15. @thekirpaeffect: Totally agree on haul culture
  16. @swatidevaliya9707: Apka scrunchies ka business kesha chal rha hai?
  17. @Kaurageous_sk: It’s like podcast with chill bee as guest😅
  18. @indugupta277: Chillbee diet sharing k liye v ap video bnao ...
  19. @shankargupta5358: Very nice 👌
  20. @magnificent_sam: 0:53 AND WE CALL YOU QUEEN BEE SOMETIMES!! 😂😂

- $1.8m tiktok dropshipping in 30 days (showing you my actual viral videos and how to create them): Kind: captions Language: en So, in this video, I'm going to be showing you how I found a product on Tik Tok and made two viral videos for it that generated 3 million views in total and ultimately made me $1.8 million in the month of January of this year. I'm going to show you exactly how I created the video and it's using a template, basically a framework that can be applied to literally any product that you are selling. Currently, there is no other platform other than Tik Tok that will allow you to generate this kind of revenue off of just one Tik Tok video. So, let's just get straight into it. I'm going to refresh the page so that you can see that my data is legit. And just pay attention to the conversion rate. Also, I didn't just go viral for this video, but I also was very highly converting. 5% of the people who visited my store out of 700,000 bought my product. That's a high conversion rate. It's actually the top industry standard of e-commerce products on Shopify. So, this is my product. It's a red light therapy mask. It's designed to prevent you from aging. It's marketed towards women. This product had already gone viral on Tik Tok, but it didn't matter. The reason why it doesn't matter is because I knew that I could dominate the competition with my style of content, and that is hyperdopamine content. If you don't know what hyperdopamine content is, I'm going to show you a few examples. You probably have seen this sort of content on Tik Tok, but most people haven't understood it yet because it's such a new strategy of advertising. But the hope is that by the end of this video, you're going to know everything about hyperdopamine content, and your next video will be a hyperdopamine video. So, let me just first show you the clips that I've gathered. This is my hook. This is my hyperdopamine hook over here. I'm just going to play for you. No. So, it's basically a girl with the aging filter on saying no. It's meant to be very visually captivating and also auditorially captivating. This is an explanation clip. These don't have to be super hyperdopamine. They just have to show off the product. So for these clips, it's just simple UGC userenerated content clips where it's just her putting it on, taking it off. Best way I can really explain what hyperdopamine content is is to show you who the kings of hyperdopamine content are. And this is High Smile. You may have seen this brand on Tik Tok before. They're a teeth whitening uh toothpaste brand. And they are the most profitable brand on Tik Tok. They literally made a billion dollars in revenue last year. That's a hund00 million in revenue every single month. That's a hundred times what I was able to do. So when I looked at their content, I just thought to myself, if I can get 1% of their viewership, then I would have made a million month in revenue. And for those of you who are beginners, you can think of it like this. If you want to generate $100,000 in revenue, you literally just have to do 0.1% of what they were able to do. It's definitely possible. So, let's just look at the sort of content they're creating. I'm going to scroll down to this video right here. Pay attention to the first 1 to 3 seconds. If you have yellow teeth, watch this. First, I'll wipe the yellow stained teeth dry. So already you can see that it's just super visually alluring and the hook is almost a little bit strange, very visually dominant and it immediately captures what the problem that is going to be solved is. Let's just look at another example so that you can see it. 4.5 million views here. It's rare to see yellow teeth that's untreated. So notice the sounds on top of the visuals, the glove getting stretched onto the hand. It's just there's a sound to it that's very dopaminey. That's why we call it hyperdopamine content. And immediately the first snapshot is a guy's teeth with this black background. It's strange. The most common adjective I can use to describe hyperdopamine content is it's very strange and weird, but it works. Let's take a look at this one. 1.2 million views. [Music] You see that? That was 3 seconds. That's the hook. It's a hyperdopamine hook. Notice how fast the movement is. It's almost like a video game. And if you follow this sort of content style, you can apply to literally anything you are selling. This is the playbook of Tik Tok content creation, organic and advertising. And before we move on, pay attention to this. This is going to be relevant towards the middle of this video. Look at how often they recreate the same hook. They use a hyperdopamine hook multiple times and that's what I also do as well. So now let's jump over to Cap Cut and create a hyperdopamine video for this product right here. So now that we have these clips, this is the most important part. I'm going to introduce you to how I structure my videos using the sales framework. The sales framework is how I literally sell anything I've ever sold on Tik Tok. It is how you structure a video to make sure that not only you go viral but you actually sell throughout the video. You persuade people to buy. Problem hook, solution, authority, explanation, product. This is how you structure a Tik Tok video. Problem hook is where you identify the problem in the video. The problem that your product is solving immediately within the hook. Again, this is going to be a hyperdopamine hook, but it's still going to identify the problem. So, let's take a look at this content right here and look for the problem in the hook. If you have yellow teeth, what? That's 3 seconds. That's the hook. That's problem hook. So, he identified the problem that's going to be solved. You have yellow teeth and it was embedded within the hook. Next, it's going to be solution authority. So, what is the solution to having yellow teeth? Well, it's the concept behind their product. They're a teeth whitening toothpaste company and they're about to introduce the solution but using authority to back it up. This is very important. I just do. That is authority. That is showing that the solution works. Oh my god. The reason this formulation works now it's explanation product. So he's about to explain how the solution works for the problem using their product. That's very important. You're explaining it using your product so that when people are persuaded to believe that this is a solution, they're associating it with your product. Let's play it. This is simply due to color theory. As purple cancels out yellow, similar to purple shampoo. But what you don't know explanation. Now they're going to the call to action. They explain how it works. very visually in a in a very visually alluring manner using their product. And now that you're convinced that this is a solution, they can do a call to action. Now, let's look at another video. This is literally repeated in all of my videos, all of Highmell's videos, in every successful brand on Tik Tok that actually knows how to advertise. So, this clip got 15.9 million views. Problem hook. First, I'll wipe the yellow stain teeth dry. Yellow stained teeth. Problem hook. Very visually alluring. Let's apply a sensitivityfree clinically proven whitening method. The V34 Sims whitening results stem from the color solution authority. Now the explanation correction technology let me explain the color purple is literally says let me explain this is the framework that I'm explaining it to yellow on the color wheel. Hence the B34 teeth users. So then he demonstrates the explanation using his product in a very visually alluring manner. Okay. So now let's follow the sales framework and create our version of a hyperdopamine video using the clips that we have. So the first clip I'm going to use is the girl going no where she's going to say no no. That's going to be that immediate hook. Okay. Now I'm going to record my voice using Audacity and I'm going to say apparently the aging filter is based upon real science. So that's identifying the problem the problem hook. Apparently, the aging filter is based upon real science is triggering girls into thinking that they're going to age. They're going to look like that old ass girl. So, it encompasses the problem of aging. So, now I just Googled aging filter, real science. I'd heard a Tik Tok that was saying that the aging filter is based upon real science. So, I knew there would be some article about it. I'm going to take a snapshot of this using my phone so it's in the proper format and then put it into the video. So, now we have this. No, upon real science. And now the solution is going to be red light therapy. But you know what's also based upon real science? Red light therapy. Now we need some authority to back up our claim. And what I've done is I just searched up red light therapy studies PubMed to just find a bunch of these these studies that I could snip it and put snapshots into my video. I'll show you what I'm about to do. So this is how I use those studies. But you know what's also based upon real science? Basically just putting it all over the screen very quickly. People will assume that this stuff is legit. And now when I say red light therapy, I want a video on red light therapy, but I also want to double down on the authority. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use a celebrity using red light therapy. So I found this video of Kim Kardashian using red light therapy. The girls, they loved Kim K. So I'm going to use that in the video. And now it looks like this. Now that I've introduced the problem and the solution with authority, I'm going to do the explanation. The problem is it's incredibly expensive, but it doesn't have to be. By using a mask, you're able to absorb every photon of the light at its maximum potential and therefore can get the same effect without having to spend thousands of dollars. So, here is where you now put in your explanation clips. This is the product being demonstrated and the more visually alluring it is, the better. In the same Kim Kardashian clip, there was someone criticizing how expensive it was and they used a very nice graphic that I'm going to copy in my video. problem is it's incredibly expensive, but it doesn't have to be because by using a mask, you are absorbing. Now, I put in that clip and I've also gotten a Google search result that explains what I'm saying. I wish I could have found a more visually alluring way to explain this, but I just couldn't find one. And in hindsight, it was good enough. Now, it's time for the call to action. And before I do a call to action, I'm actually going to circle back to the Kim Kardashian video and trigger the audience a little bit more. Don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging. If you'd like to buy the mask shown in our video, click our profile. So then I say, don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging. I use a clip I found from a YouTube video of that rich, weird looking guy who does anti-aging stuff. And then I reuse the Kim Kardashian clip bed in my office. Can't really see it cuz Cap's being weird, but she bases it and a red light bed in my office. And then I go back to one of the clips where she just shows the product. Now that we're done with the video, we have to add some captions. And what we're going to do is we're going to go over to text, auto captions, and click create. So, now that the captions are added, we're going to have to make some edits to them because this is too small. So, what we're going to do is we're going to click on the caption. We're going to increase the font size so that it's at a nice size. I think like that is good. Since our text is going to turn white, we don't want it to be white. So, we're going to turn into yellow. Now, if we go over here, this is too hard to read because there's just too much going on. So, what we're going to do is we're going to click on the text and then enter where we want the line to cut off. Apparently, the aging filter. So, that's where I'm going to cut it off. Click enter. As you can see, now it says apparently the aging filter. But I still don't like how big it is. It shouldn't be on two lines, the captions. So, I'm going to increase it a bit. And make sure that when you're increasing the text or anything on a Tik Tok video, you keep in mind that there's about this much where it's going to get cut off when you're actually uploading the Tik Tok. So, put everything in range of around where my mouse is. You should it shouldn't go towards the complete edge. Apparently, the age. So, this is good. But here, this is too much. So, I'm going to go back to the captions and click enter here. So, it's based upon real science. That's better. And I'm just going to make these changes to the entire captions. Now, once you're done with that, we're going to click export to 1080p. Make sure video exporting is selected and export audio selected and click export. Apparently, the aging filter is based upon real science. But science? Red light therapy. The problem is it's incredibly expensive. But it mask, you are absorbing every single photon of the light at its maximum potential and therefore can get the same effect without having to spend thousands of dollars. Don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging and a red light bed in my office. You want to use the mask shown in the video, click our profile. So, as you may have realized, I've already posted these videos as I showed you my Shopify analytics. These were videos I created months and months ago. One got 1.4 4 million views and another variation I created got 1.8 million views. Now, if you remember during the early parts of the video, I mentioned that with High Smile reuses their hyperdopamine clips many many times. And this is the reason why I was able to go viral twice with their videos. They literally just change what the text says on the video, but they still keep the same hook. And this is the second video that went viral. I didn't use the no hook. I just used a different type of hook that I can show you right now. Apparently, the aging science? Red light thing. And this was just by moving around the clips a little bit. I think this is very important. So, let me quickly jump onto my whiteboard and explain my variation strategy. So, this is the mistake that most people make when they're creating Tik Tok videos. They create a video that consists of a hook, an explanation, and then a call to action. So, this is a Tik Tok video. Call to action. They post this video and let's say it gets 30,000 views. It gets 30,000 views and they think to themselves, "Well, I wish it went viral, but unfortunately it only got 30,000 views. I guess now what I have to do is come up with a completely new video idea." Wrong. That is a mistake. Instead, what you should do is when you've created this video, let's say this is called one video one, you do this. You create video 1 A, video 1 B, 1 C, 1 D, and 1 E. You create five different variations of the same video idea. And what do you change? You don't change the call to action. You don't change the explanation because that's the meat and the potatoes of the video. It takes a lot of effort to change that. What you do change is you change the hook. And the hook is only two to three seconds long. So you're only changing two to three seconds of each video. That's all you have to change. And now that one video idea has turned into five video ideas. And if this one gets 30k views, perhaps this one gets 25, this one gets 130, this one gets 560, and then this one gets 12K. With the same video idea, you have now experimented with five different variations and increase your likelihood of going viral by at least three times. This video will now generate you sales when this video never generated you sales. As you can see here, I created many different videos. Most of them didn't go viral. It was only the 1.4 and the 1.8 million video that went viral. So, make sure not to be a noob and do this. It's what a noob does. This is what a pro does. They create variations. So after the videos went viral, we went to the next step which is advertising where we post-p produce our viral videos into ads. And the entire process will be shown on Attention Academy. But the truth is even if we didn't run ads, we still would have generated around $100,000 in revenue just through those organic pieces of content. And for most people who are watching this video, something like a $100,000 month in revenue is your first goal. Therefore, the real game is actually learning how to create viral content first. Generating your first few pieces of viral content before you ever think to start learning ads. But here's the reason why learning how to create viral content is so difficult. It fundamentally comes down to the point that you have no way of receiving feedback from the content that you post. The best way to learn is by studying like watching videos like this and then applying what you have learned and then getting feedback when you've done something. For example, if you're learning piano, this would be looking over what you've played and seeing where you went wrong and where you went right. The same thing with learning a language. You attempt to speak the language and then you look back and see exactly what you did that was wrong. But with a nuance skill like creating viral content, there isn't a clear way of knowing what you did wrong. Sure, you realize that you got very little views, but you don't know exactly what made you get very little views. You are then stuck with trial and error, trial and error, and constantly creating content trying to figure out for yourself why your videos aren't doing well. And although that can eventually work, it is clearly not the most efficient way to learn. So that's why we started Attention Academy. We are experts at going viral. We've gotten billions of views in short format content. We've generated millions of dollars in revenue for our products and our clients products. So, when we saw that there was no education platform out there teaching you how to create viral content and then personally reviewing the content that you've created to tell you what you did wrong and what you should do next time, we had to create this platform. In Attention Academy, this is exactly what we do. We teach you how to create viral content for any product or service that you're selling. There's an extensive course that goes through everything that we know that's worth well over $1,000. But that's not where the true value lies. The true value lies in the feedback and the mentorship. Every single week, we review the content you created that week. We tell you what you did wrong and what you need to do next time. And this feedback isn't just coming from me. It's also coming from creators with a million plus followers like my brother Ali. He's gotten even more views on Tik Tok than I have in a completely different niche. And also my marketing assistants who have worked with multiple multi-million dollar companies. We all have an array of different skills in the specific skill of creating viral content. And it's not a reoccurring subscription. So you could just cancel that same month and get access to all of the content and then leave the next month. So my friends, if you're interested in joining Attention Academy on this new platform, school, the link is in our bio. We put you in a community of people trying to do the same thing and we give the education to do it. You can do it. You can win.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kvyayrehill3891 [2 likes]: For people still confused on where the actual "step by step" part is this isn't for you. this isn't the hold your hand video this is the do you understand the concept" video
  2. @HelloHeidiv [1 likes]: You do understand that your masks are by far the same as the proper masks? Your incorrectly marketing your products, you should've read all the research. Your claiming your product is the same, but it's not.
  3. @anthonigrande: men really are insecure and lonely lmao
  4. @wavyflips: I’m so proud of you bro, this is a banger
  5. @sulli-r8u: this video super cool , I'm a Chinese seller, and this content is really great for me.
  6. @HongKongBraid: does this video content structure works on instragram reels or meta ads?
  7. @davisoshenye7058: Hi  @SeenaRez  really appreciate your guide bro, thanks for sharing just wanted to genuinely ask, can this also be applied to fashion products something like scrunchies?
  8. @clickwearbytopicmint8533: Hi Seena, it's really really exciting how it works. But why do you take other celebrities and photos from the internet or from others? Isn't that being warned? In Germany, we would be warned if we simply used other people's content. How do you do that and where is the permission? Thank you for the tip.
  9. @31eGGy31: Love your content. Best E-Com content I found so far! I am just starting out and people always warn you selling electronic devices. Do you have an insurance to cover you when selling such a product, or is that something people worry too much about?
  10. @restrollar8548: This is great. But Hismile as scammers - just look at Trustpilot and their returns. Revenue means nothing if everyones returns and gets a refund!
  11. @julia63491: How do you get the source video? Is that okay to use someone else’s video?
  12. @benwhite7005: 10:45 🤣
  13. @miguk_unni: Thank you !
  14. @MrBlackshot1996: Do you come up with a fresh name for every product, create a fresh tiktok/insta account with that name, to post reels as marketing with a link to the shop or how does it work? Maybe someone from the comment section can help me out here.
  15. @caine-chow: Anyone know if this will work for facebook ads that will go on IG as well?
  16. @titilafolie: So what do you do with the 560K video ? You transform it into an add ?
  17. @mitarv7997: How to handle supplies and product delivery if we don't have stock ready for shipment?
  18. @meiA-w2f: How can we join Attention Academy?
  19. @willb8841: how do you acquire/ship/source the product? logistics surrounding that?
  20. @123crunchi: just can't believe it

- How To Use Outliers To Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Here's everything you need to know about outliers and how to use them to get more views on every video you upload. Take this channel for example who has recently started posting, but their second video has already gotten over half a million views. Or check out this video that has over 10 million views from a small channel. This doesn't just happen by mistake. These creators understand that secret method and by the end you will too. So, this video is broken into three main sections to help you understand the secret of outliers. Watch each of these to fasttrack the growth of your channel. So, the best place to start is going over what exactly is an outlier. Outliers is a basic math problem. And to help explain this concept, I'll be using this channel as an example. So, this channel has 122,000 subscribers and typically gets 1 to 3,000 views per video. But then they upload this video that gets almost 700,000 views and is a 97 times outlier, which essentially means that this video performed 97 times better than the previous videos on this channel. And this video didn't just go viral randomly. There's something special about it. This is what is considered an outlier. And all the best YouTube creators and strategists understand this and use it to their advantage. >> That's probably where outliers the best, right? inspiration >> and trying to find outliers >> in my opinion right now are outliers. >> Outliers and outliers are nice. >> They are outliers. >> Some people call these outliers. >> Outliers. >> Using outliers to come up with ideas does work. >> Outliers feels like it's been everywhere in the community. But where did this terminology actually begin? We would have to go back all the way before 2019 where Mr. Beast and a few other strategists were starting to see a pattern in viral videos. They noticed that virality wasn't just random. there was a pattern to it and they called this outliers. Now, let's dive into how to actually find outliers. Historically, the easiest way was to browse YouTube and hope you came across a video that stood out. But now, it's easier than ever with outlier tools like view stats. So, let's spend the next 30 seconds diving into this tool to show you how to research for any niche. First, let's start with cooking. And I want to make a video on how to make steak. And just like that, I have a ton of inspiration for my video. If there's a video that stands out, I can click on it to learn more about it. And you could do this for literally any niche on YouTube, like finance, gaming, and beauty. That being said, this makes finding viral inspiration so much easier. You now know what an outlier is and how to find them. Now, it's time to piece it all together and actually learn how to use your research to get more views on your videos. This is the most important section of the entire video, and it's broken into two main parts. First, we're going to start on how you can change how you look at videos across YouTube to get more inspiration. And then we're going to dive in on how to remix these videos and use formats to get more views every time you click upload. A great place to start is understanding how the top creators use outliers to go viral every single time. So, I got into a call with Chucky to ask more. Hey, I'm Chucky. I focus on a lot of different things, but I primarily focus on titles, thumbnails, and ideas. >> All right, let's just pause right there for a second. So Chucky has quite the background when it comes to YouTube. He's been a key person for not only the success of the Mr. Beast channel, but also channels like Mr. Beast Gaming and Beast Reacts. So I'm really curious to see how he uses outliers every single day. I mean, we use them in so many different types of ways. There's inspiration, there's formats, there's interest, there's topics, there's trends. You know, I like to look at outliers to break videos down to the first principles. What did they do differently that set this video apart to make it an outlier? And my goal is to understand whether it's maybe a format, whether it's a thumbnail, whether it's a specific interest. The cool thing about outliers is really to give you good inspiration to, you know, create your own original idea. I want to take the concepts that Chucky was talking about and show you how to be looking at videos to get inspiration. So, let's just start with this video. A lot of people could look at this thumbnail as a simple freeze frame from the video, but there's some key things here that draw your attention. for one being the gold watch and for another being the crazy background giving evidence that this person is successful and they know what they're talking about. Overall, this thumbnail is exactly what it needs to giving the audience trust. Now, let's move on to the title. This title targets a few things. For one, it has a low barrier of entry. $10,000 a month does not seem too unreachable opposed to $50,000 a month or even $100,000 a month, helping open the audience to a larger pool. It's also using the format, if I had to start again. This format has been proven time and time again to go viral, and you're creating a lot of interest with a topic like this. All this combined to create a video that got 15 times more views than the previous videos of this channel. Now, let's look at a video from a different niche with a 4.5 times outlier score and over 700,000 views. There's a reason why this video performs so well, so let's dive in and learn why. So, let's start with the thumbnail, which is actually using a format. It's using a split view comparison with a twist. Normally, you would see this with before, after, cheap, expensive. But this one's using no and yes. This is so clickable cuz you would assume that the notes on the left are better than the notes on the right because they have art and they look a lot more professional. So, now let's see how the title plays into this. How to take notes like the top 1% of students. So, this already creates a ton of intrigue, creating a desire to learn more. Like, how do I take notes like the top 1% students? I thought I'm supposed to take notes like this. That's what 1% students are supposed to take, but you're telling me that they're supposed to be taking them like this, and I already do something like that. I wonder how I can perform it better. These are the thoughts that are probably going through viewers minds as they view this entire video's package. And this is exactly what you need to do when creating your own video packages. So, how do you take all this and apply it to your own channel? So, I want to ask Chucky how smaller creators can look at and use outliers effectively. I mean, I talk with so many different creators that use outliers and they're not just a Mr. Beast. They're not just a gaming video. They're not just cooking, right? These channels go from so many different niches and cover so many different topics. And sometimes they take like a little thing, whether it's like there's interest in this certain trend right now, so let me also jump on this trend or this is an interesting format, so let me jump on this format. You know, a $1 video can be transcended across any different niche. That's why it's successful because it could reach the largest audience possible. And then there's some outliers that work specifically in gaming. There's some outliers that work specifically in beauty. And that's okay. Those are fine, but you know, really good outliers are the ones that can be, you know, across any niche. And that's why it's so cool is like you can get inspiration from a beauty channel that could be on the Mr. Beast channel or you can get inspiration from a tech YouTuber and that could work on your gaming channel. You're not here to copy the idea. You're not here to steal their idea. You're here to get inspired and see how you can transform the idea. Whether it's the topic that you get inspiration from, whether it's the way that they do the title format, whether it's the thumbnail that maybe gave you inspiration of how you can, you know, do it. There's so many ways of getting inspirations from outliers. So, what can you take from this? There are two main concepts to focus on. Remixing and formats. Think of remixing as taking something that worked well and taking the best parts of it and changing the rest to fit your niche. So, taking this video we just talked about, how would we remix this? So, instead of having the mindset that you cannot remix this because you're not in the financial niche, let's take a broader look at it and take the pieces that worked well. For this case, it's the title. Now, knowing that, I can easily remix this video in any niche. So, for example, in cooking, I could easy remix this title to be how I'd make $10,000 a month as a chef if I had to start again. But you can take the remixing so much further than this and cater it more towards your niche. So for gaming, instead of directly copying the title, I could do how I'd get grandmaster if I started from bronze. This is the same idea as the original title, but it's more catered to the gaming niche and will probably do better. And finally, let's see how this would work in the fitness niche now knowing that we could remix it further. How I lose 100 lb if I was 500 lb again. As you can see, I'm just taking the main part of why this title did so well and remixing it in any niche that I want. Another key part you can pull from outliers is identifying formats. Once you realize that most videos are remixes of remixes, it makes it really easy to start seeing this pattern. So, let's look at this on YouTube using the popular one-star format. This one video sparked a bunch of successful remixes in other niches. So, here's actually a fitness video that took inspiration from this format, but changed out restaurants with gyms, and it performed extremely well for this channel. Or let's look into the gaming niche at this video that took the general video format, but repackaged it slightly different and created a great video that went super viral. And the best part is that all these videos still feel unique and fresh, even though they're all using the same format. And to help streamline this process more, make sure you head over to viewsats.com and sign up for pro today to use outliers to make a viral

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotKnowingIsExpensive [10 likes]: Not Knowing Is Expensive 
Small YouTubers Gather Here 🎯
  2. @MdMunna-gp3dc [3 likes]: Top 0:09
  3. @OBPetsFolieQC [2 likes]: 🥰
  4. @Undepressing [2 likes]: oki
  5. @MdFerdos-i5p1c [1 likes]: 🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉🙆🙆🫶❤️‍🩹
  6. @LindaAsema [1 likes]: Yr😮
  7. @sajanjani12 [1 likes]: I watch old videos 🎉
  8. @TopHat_VR111: funny thing, i learned about outliers in a math lesson yesterday
  9. @surajslz: Happy birthday  मीसटर बीस  2 म्ई
  10. @ArielAudes-y9x: Yooo there foltyn
  11. @qyinxdl77: You are the best
  12. @orksokney7683: ❤❤
  13. @oumharoun661: 0:11
  14. @KRADSTUDIO_DIZERWARS: 👍👍👍👍
  15. @Famele6272: Whats ?
  16. @mTelecom1-e2t: AZƏRBAYCAN❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  17. @ElhamAmini-p8x: ❤❤❤❤
  18. @mehndiartisnaushabaqureshi829: Nice🎉🎉🎉🎉
  19. @mr.hitesh.69: I need 😫
  20. @ObaisAmir-by4of: Bro is mrbeast don't believe me CHEK

- I Analyzed 100 Viral Videos Here Is The Pattern: Kind: captions Language: en I analyzed 100 viral videos this weekend. My eyes are paining me, but I found the pattern. Every single viral post uses one of five hooks. Not 10, not 20, just five. Question, curiosity, conflict, result first, pattern break. These five hooks run the internet. I'm testing each one this week. Follow [music] mears.edu. Let's find out which one works best.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shekinahumoh: Wow😂.. thank you
  2. @DailyElevateYTC: Hahahaha 🤣🤣🤣 thanks for sharing ❤
  3. @adamamonica9071: Thank you for sharing this helpful tips
  4. @em2zigaconcepts: Looking out for more. ❤❤
  5. @kylforsmi: Would love to hear more details about the hooks 🙏

- How YouTube Shorts go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Your short goes through three distribution&nbsp; waves and you need to perform at each&nbsp;&nbsp; level to keep getting pushed. Wave 1 from 500 to 1.5k views.&nbsp; This one's pretty easy to&nbsp; reach and even easier to pass.&nbsp; To get to 500 views, all you need&nbsp; is good video quality, clean audio&nbsp;&nbsp; and proper metadata, title description and tags that tell the algorithm what your video's about.&nbsp; To pass the 1.5K mark and enter wave 2,&nbsp; you'll need 40 to 50% average view duration,&nbsp;&nbsp; 40 to 50% stay to watch. That tells YouTube : 'Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; people are actually watching this.' Get those numbers right and boom.&nbsp; Welcome to Wave 2. From 1.5 to 3K views.&nbsp; Now your video is being&nbsp; shown to a broader audience.&nbsp; To move forward, you'll need 60% plus&nbsp; average view duration, 60% plus stayed&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch, and a 3% plus like to view ratio. Hit those numbers and your video keeps getting&nbsp;&nbsp; pushed all the way to 12 12.5k views. Wave 3, the breakdown phase.&nbsp; From 12.5k to 25k views. This is where it all changes.&nbsp; Your short is now being pushed&nbsp; to a much wider audience.&nbsp; And if your stats aren't solid, it ends here. To survive wave three and go viral, you need&nbsp;&nbsp; 90% average view duration, 75% stayed&nbsp; to watch, 5% plus like to view ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at least 1% of viewers commenting. If you hit those stats, congratulations,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're now inside the viral loop. Here's an example from one of my shorts.&nbsp; At 12.5k views news. It hit the right stats and it kept exploding.&nbsp; But here's another one. It stalled at 25k.&nbsp; The stats decent but almost no comments. That's the key.&nbsp; so now you know exactly how&nbsp; YouTube shorts go viral.&nbsp; Got questions? Drop them in the comments. I reply to every single one.&nbsp; And hey, don't forget to subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpactYT [106 likes]: ###   Comments ratio (min 0.1%+, not 1%+)   ###

Try this for YouTube SEO🚀👇🏻  (YouTube Growth Tool)
 🔥→           https://vidiq.com/SpactYT                 👈🏻
(Use “spactyt” as a promo code to get 20% off your plan for 2 months)

"Audio is 50% of the viewing experience. Don't overlook it.''           
🔗 🔥 30-Day Free Trial: 
https://share.epidemicsound.com/fztheu  👈🏻🔥


                                                                                                                                   🔴Watch this (YouTube shorts crucial Benchmarks)  🔴 
                                                                                                                                          👉🏻  https://youtu.be/kzXX-X2WR4c  👈🏻
  2. @sfsspacewolf4832 [1 likes]: 1:08
  3. @NAWON0519: Can people here do really support  small content creators?
  4. @a.f.official06: Its not that hard to gain followers
  5. @CarissasGymnasticsComeback: This seems to make sense. I had a short with 164% average view duration and 80% view vs swipe ratio, and yet it stalled at 20k views. However, it had no comments!
  6. @Real-bed: i posted shorts around the same topic and 3 shorts in a row got 1.2k views ive only gotten 1k- to barly 10k view help pls
  7. @ceovickyyt: Hope we all grow guys!
  8. @polishedbyL: how do I get my metadata and stats up? my content doesn't get to the right audience
  9. @SpeedFix8360: Let's grow together
  10. @Tigervel: Damn, I was actually looking for this information thx for the info
  11. @JayGuy-j7k: Small creators gather here
  12. @mobilegameshouZe: Subscribe lets gather
  13. @HeeiroYT: I am trying to get a viral short on my channel and this will be extremely handy for a small creator like me. Thank you kindly good friend and I wish you best of luck with your content!
Liked and subbed ❤️‍🔥
  14. @thesuw: You will be a great creator, I prophesy.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  15. @NathanielEdwards-t7l: What can I do?my shorts a re stocked at 1.5k these days
  16. @M3L0N_PL4YS-MPG: Don't forget
Animations 🤓
  17. @foryou-g2p5c: We can do this guy's!!🔥
  18. @Dadoggodog: Small creators gather here🔥
  19. @Jcschannel6767: IM NOT A BOT YOUTUBE IM DOING THIS FOR SURVIVIABILITY
  20. @milito_elgato-z2y: Not so easy 😢

- I Studied 1,000 Viral Videos, They All Use This Framework: Kind: captions Language: en-US I made over 600 videos on YouTube and spent&nbsp; the last 12 months analyzing over a thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; videos that across YouTube, TikTok,&nbsp; and Instagram, Mr. Beast Home Moses',&nbsp;&nbsp; cooking channels, tech reviewers. And&nbsp; here's what very few people know about&nbsp;&nbsp; content that works. All the successful&nbsp; creators use the exact same patterns. It's called content modeling. And once&nbsp; you understand this pattern recognition,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will never create content the same&nbsp; way again. I'm Doc. I built channels&nbsp;&nbsp; that hit over a hundred thousand followers.&nbsp; Asocial founded three, business sold one,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now I'm sharing everything I learned&nbsp; from my experiments. So let's go. Welcome back to the lab. So&nbsp; what is content modeling? First,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's be crystal clear. Content modeling is&nbsp; not copying. It's the conscious imitation of&nbsp;&nbsp; a proven process. You study what works&nbsp; not because you want their status,&nbsp;&nbsp; because you want to understand the system&nbsp; behind the result. You see modeling throughout. Children grow up modeling their&nbsp; parents. Artists improve their craft,&nbsp;&nbsp; modeling their ancestors. Leonardo Daji&nbsp; learned painting by modeling his teacher&nbsp;&nbsp; Rao. He even painted an angel on his teacher's&nbsp; canvas as the same style, just with few more&nbsp;&nbsp; details. Perfect example of modeling. For&nbsp; our case, you'll find a successful example. Reverse engineer the structure and rebuild it&nbsp; for your context. This has been happening forever&nbsp;&nbsp; In the two thousands, Buzzfeed popularized&nbsp; listicles. 21 things only kids will understand.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then every media company jumped in with&nbsp; the same format. Five foods you should&nbsp;&nbsp; never eat. 10 exercise for great apps,&nbsp; but Buzzfeed didn't even invent listicles. It was there much earlier than them. Seven&nbsp; Habits of Highly Successful People by Stephan&nbsp;&nbsp; Coy. For example, the book published in 1989.&nbsp; Today you see it everywhere with five AI tools&nbsp;&nbsp; that were replaced your job. You see, you don't&nbsp; need to be first. You can be the next. Here's&nbsp;&nbsp; the thing. Before I knew this, my other channel&nbsp; was getting thousands to 2000 views per video. On average, we had like 5,000 subscribers. We&nbsp; were stuck making content, putting in the work,&nbsp;&nbsp; but nothing was breaking through. Then we decided&nbsp; to turn pro. We studied successful creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; and all we saw was modeling.&nbsp; Working on outlier content,&nbsp;&nbsp; reverse engineering. What worked?&nbsp; So we said let's, let's write. We'll do it. We start modeling content,&nbsp; researching outlier tools, modeling titles,&nbsp;&nbsp; title frameworks. We model exactly how&nbsp; successful creators open their videos&nbsp;&nbsp; with their hooks, how they do it. We&nbsp; did it too, but within our concepts,&nbsp;&nbsp; with our words for our niche First video after&nbsp; we did this, exploded to this true story. You got 50,000 views. We never done this&nbsp; before. We were hooked and it followed&nbsp;&nbsp; in the next four months, we hit 40,000&nbsp; followers. We almost 10 x our subscribers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we followed our internal&nbsp; outliers, our own best performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they worked again and again. This&nbsp; will simply work for anyone who uses it. One time I even modeled the&nbsp; thread I saw on Twitter. Uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; it perfectly aligned with our channel. Got the&nbsp; story told in our style. Boom. Attention all&nbsp;&nbsp; over the place. So how do they actually do&nbsp; this? Let me break it down to you. Alright,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if everyone is modeling, where do&nbsp; you find the content? Word modeling. Step one is you start with your own best&nbsp; performing videos. You go to your YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; studio and check your top viewed&nbsp; content. These are your internal&nbsp;&nbsp; outliers. Why start here? Because if&nbsp; something worked once on your channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know your audience wants&nbsp; more of it. Model your own winners first. Step two competitor channels. Go to their&nbsp; popular tab. This instantly shows you what&nbsp;&nbsp; their audience actually responds to. But&nbsp; don't just look at channels in your exact&nbsp;&nbsp; niche. You look adjacent. If you are&nbsp; a business coach, check out fitness&nbsp;&nbsp; coaches. If you're in tech, look at finance&nbsp; creators, different niches, same psychology. Step three, and this is where it gets powerful&nbsp; use tools. One of ten.com. This tool helps you&nbsp;&nbsp; spot outlier content. You'll find videos that&nbsp; perform better than the channel's average. It&nbsp;&nbsp; has a free chrome extension. Install it. And when&nbsp; you browse YouTube, you'll see outlier scores&nbsp;&nbsp; right on the thumb. You can check your own outlier&nbsp; scores for your channel and also your competitors. These are the videos you want to study,&nbsp; not the average platforms, the breakouts,&nbsp;&nbsp; the outliers. You can also use&nbsp; VIQ. They have been around the&nbsp;&nbsp; game the longest. They also have a free&nbsp; chrome extension. All of these tools,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, do the same thing. Basically, you remove the&nbsp; guesswork. I'll find very tensional read lies. So you are not analyzing random videos. You are&nbsp; studying proven winners. And here's a bonus sign&nbsp;&nbsp; up for Creator Hooks newsletter. Every week&nbsp; they send a list of high performing hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and headlines from across YouTube. It's like&nbsp; having someone to do the research for you.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's my current favorite. So spend one&nbsp; hour per week doing this and that's it. One hour of research gives you 30&nbsp; days of content ideas. So let's&nbsp;&nbsp; cover quickly. What the hell is an&nbsp; outlier? Simple definition. Content&nbsp;&nbsp; desk gets five to 10 times the views compared&nbsp; to channels. Baseline. If a channel averages&nbsp;&nbsp; 5,000 views per video and one video&nbsp; hits 50,000 views, that's an outlier. Something about the hook, topic or packaging&nbsp; clicked with the audience. It broke through&nbsp;&nbsp; the noise. Now here's what most people&nbsp; miss. Outliers aren't accidents. They&nbsp;&nbsp; follow patterns. Maybe the title used a specific&nbsp; curiosity framework. Maybe the hook opened with&nbsp;&nbsp; a contrarian statement. Maybe the thumbnail&nbsp; had a clear focal point with minimal text. Your job is to find those patterns and with&nbsp; the tools I mentioned, you can spot them. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you are letting data guide you not. I think&nbsp; people will love seeing me talk about this.&nbsp;&nbsp; Once you find those five, 10 outliers in&nbsp; your niche, you will start seeing the same&nbsp;&nbsp; patterns. Repeat, same hook structures,&nbsp; same story arcs, same thumbnail styles. That's when you know you have found&nbsp; something worth modeling. The next step,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will show you exactly how to break these&nbsp; down and extract the frameworks you can use,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to model without coping. I, I think this&nbsp; is the most important part yet, how to model&nbsp;&nbsp; without coping, because there is a fine line copy&nbsp; is taking someone's exact title, exact al concept,&nbsp;&nbsp; exact script, and just changing few words&nbsp; that's lazy and it doesn't work long term. Modeling is studying the underlying framework,&nbsp; the psychology, the structure, and the pattern.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you find an outlier with good, say&nbsp; 10 times multiplier. You break it down&nbsp;&nbsp; using this reverse engineering checklist. First&nbsp; you look at title and the hook. Ask yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; what promise does this title make?&nbsp; What emotion does it trigger? Is it curiosity? Is it fear, desire&nbsp; relief? Write down the exact framework.&nbsp;&nbsp; Try to break its structure like you are making&nbsp; a template. For example, great outlier content,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 years of business knowledge to hours, 26&nbsp; minutes. And the framework actually is. X years&nbsp;&nbsp; of niche knowledge in your timeframe. It has a&nbsp; personal knowledge format with a curiosity kick. You can use that structure for anything.&nbsp; Second infrastructure. How does the video&nbsp;&nbsp; start? Does it open with a bold claim,&nbsp; a personal story, a shocking statistic,&nbsp;&nbsp; a problem statement? Do they introduce&nbsp; themselves? You want to watch the first 30&nbsp;&nbsp; seconds, three times, not the exact beats.&nbsp; What's the setup? Where is the tension? Then they do make the promise. Third is the story&nbsp; format. Is this a list? Step-by-step tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; a transformation story, a case study, a&nbsp; comparison. Identify the skeleton 'cause&nbsp;&nbsp; that skeleton can hold any content. Fourth&nbsp; is the pace and the visuals. How fast are&nbsp;&nbsp; the cuts? Are they using B rolls, screen&nbsp; cords, talking head only, text or release. You don't need to copy their exact editing style,&nbsp; but notice what keeps the energy up. And lastly,&nbsp;&nbsp; you look at the call to action. Where does&nbsp; it appear? Is it software direct meet video,&nbsp;&nbsp; or at the end? What's the&nbsp; exact ask? After all that,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's where the magic happens. You take that&nbsp; framework and you translate it to your niche. So if you find a fitness video with&nbsp; 10 x multiplier with a title I did.&nbsp;&nbsp; A hundred pushups every day for 30 days.&nbsp; I didn't expect this. The framework is I&nbsp;&nbsp; did specific action every day for timeframe, and&nbsp; this is the result. If you're a content creator,&nbsp;&nbsp; your version can be, I post it on&nbsp; Instagram every day for 30 days. My business transformed. If you're a designer,&nbsp; I redesigned one logo every day for 30 days.&nbsp;&nbsp; My skills transformed. Same skeleton, but&nbsp; different muscles. It's a different context,&nbsp;&nbsp; but original execution. Another example, you&nbsp; see a cooking video blow up. $3 ingredient&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes any meal taste expensive. That's&nbsp; a contrast framework, low cost, high value. Now if you understand that and if you're a&nbsp; productivity coach, you can make a content&nbsp;&nbsp; like the five minute habit that makes your&nbsp; whole day feel productive. See how this&nbsp;&nbsp; works? You are not stealing their ingredient&nbsp; or their habit. You are using their proven&nbsp;&nbsp; psychological. And here is what most people&nbsp; miss, the best creators model themselves. Once you post a video that&nbsp; becomes your internal outlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; you study it like it's someone else's&nbsp; content. This is what 99% of creators&nbsp;&nbsp; don't do because watching yourselves studying&nbsp; yourself is actually painful. Go past that.&nbsp;&nbsp; Analyze your content. What made this one&nbsp; different? Was it the title, format, the hook? Maybe the topic, maybe something you tried in&nbsp; the first two minutes. Then you make three more&nbsp;&nbsp; videos using that exact framework. What&nbsp; every really successful creator does,&nbsp;&nbsp; they find what works, extract pattern, run it&nbsp; until it stops working. And that's the real&nbsp;&nbsp; difference and that's the real difference&nbsp; between creators who post inconsistently&nbsp;&nbsp; and hope something hits versus creators who&nbsp; systematically produce content that performs. Alright, so let me give you the exact&nbsp; system I use every single week. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is the exact workflow that took me from&nbsp; inconsistent posting to having a content&nbsp;&nbsp; engine that runs like a clockwork. Step one&nbsp; research phase. Every week I block out one&nbsp;&nbsp; hour on my calendar. Non-negotiable.&nbsp; This is my content research time. During that hour, I'm hunting for ideas.&nbsp; I open one of 10. I browse channels in&nbsp;&nbsp; my niche. I check with IQ for trending&nbsp; topics. I'm looking for anything with&nbsp;&nbsp; the five x multiplier or higher. When&nbsp; I find one, I save it. I also check my&nbsp;&nbsp; own YouTube studio Analytics. What&nbsp; were my top performance this month? Those are internal outliers I need&nbsp; to study. By the end of that hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; I have five to 10 new outliers saved. And step&nbsp; two, build your swipe file. This is your library,&nbsp;&nbsp; your vault of proven patterns. I use Google&nbsp; Drive for this, but you can use Notion,&nbsp;&nbsp; Airtable, whatever works for you. I create a&nbsp; simple database with columns like video title,&nbsp;&nbsp; channel multiplier scores, hook type story&nbsp; formats, uh, thumbnail styles and links. Every outlier I find goes in here.&nbsp; Write a work in progress title. That&nbsp;&nbsp; would work over time. This becomes&nbsp; your unfair advantage because you&nbsp;&nbsp; are not starting from scratch every time you&nbsp; have a library of what works as step three,&nbsp;&nbsp; reverse engineer. Once a week I pick.&nbsp; Two to three outliers from my swipe file. I break them down using that checklist from&nbsp; the last section. I watch each video twice.&nbsp;&nbsp; First time I just watch. As a viewer. I&nbsp; also sent a video to Gemini to ask it,&nbsp;&nbsp; to break it down to its framework. Second&nbsp; time I'm taking notes that only things I&nbsp;&nbsp; can detect that AI cannot. This is&nbsp; important because it gives me ideas&nbsp;&nbsp; I can use which make my content authentic,&nbsp; and this takes maybe 20 minutes per video. Step four, clone the framework. Now I take&nbsp; those frameworks and I apply them to my&nbsp;&nbsp; content calendar. If I found the title framework&nbsp; that's working, like I tried X for timeframe. Here&nbsp;&nbsp; is what happened. I brainstorm five versions for&nbsp; my niche. If I found a hook structure that opens&nbsp;&nbsp; with a bold claim, followed by a personal story,&nbsp; I script my next video using the exact structure. Step five, test and iterate. I published the&nbsp; video, then I track three metrics, click through&nbsp;&nbsp; rate, average view, duration, and outlier score.&nbsp; If it becomes an internal outlier, I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; model it again. I can make two more videos using&nbsp; that same pattern. If it under platforms, don't&nbsp;&nbsp; panic. Just go back to the spot file and&nbsp; try a different framework and repeat. This is the way, and here's&nbsp; what happens. Over time,&nbsp;&nbsp; you start to develop pattern recognition.&nbsp; You'll browse YouTube and instantly spot a&nbsp;&nbsp; high multiplier video just by the title&nbsp; structure. You'll watch a hook and know&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly why it's working. You are training&nbsp; your brain to see what most creators miss. That's the system. One hour of research&nbsp; per week, a growing swipe file,&nbsp;&nbsp; reverse engineering outliers, applying&nbsp; frameworks, and testing what works. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I know setting this up from scratch can&nbsp; feel overwhelming. That's why we built&nbsp;&nbsp; the AI Content X Accelerator. We give you&nbsp; the exact templates for your S swipe file,&nbsp;&nbsp; the reverse engineering checklist, and step by&nbsp; step guidance on implementing this entire system. And of course, AI tools to speed up the&nbsp; whole process. It's completely free.&nbsp;&nbsp; Link in the description. Go join&nbsp; there. When you model an outlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are not guessing what might work. You are&nbsp; using a pattern that already prude. It works.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are using a pattern that already prude.&nbsp; It works with thousands or millions of people. The algorithm already validated it.&nbsp; The audience already responded to it.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are translating it to your context.&nbsp; But here's the part most people wouldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; think of. Modeling actually makes you more&nbsp; creative, not less. Because you understand 20,&nbsp;&nbsp; 30 proven frameworks and you study&nbsp; them. You can mix and match them. You can combine a hook structure from one&nbsp; outlier with a story format from another.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are not limited. By what you can think&nbsp; of from scratch, you have a toolkit of proven&nbsp;&nbsp; patterns you can remix that people will&nbsp; care about. That's why the best creators,&nbsp;&nbsp; artists, authors, songwriters, painters,&nbsp; can make beautiful content consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; without waiting for inspiration&nbsp; right now, you know the secret. Every successful creator know how they model what&nbsp; already work. And if you want to exact templates&nbsp;&nbsp; and step-by-step guidance on building your content&nbsp; system, join our AI content accelerator. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's completely free and I would love to&nbsp; see you inside. Thanks for watching. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to learn how to build the only content&nbsp; production team you need, watch this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RogerPeterWilliam-i8c: Hi Doc's Lab, great content. Deserves way more views and subs. Perhaps vyrotimes can help with that.
  2. @dedik8SKB: congrats on 6 views 😂

- I Studied 1000 Viral Videos (This Actually Works): Kind: captions Language: en Most viral videos are not creative. They are engineers. After studying thousands of viral videos across YouTube, Instagram and Linkedin. I realised something surprising. The videos that explore follow the same few structural patterns. Not better cameras, not crazy editing, just structure. And in this video I will break down three patterns almost every viral video follows. Once you see them you will start noticing them everywhere. Most Creators Believe Virality Is Random. It's Not Viral Videos Follow Psychology Loops, Simple Structures That Make People Click, Keep Watching, and Share. After analyzing thousands of high-performing videos, I found the same three mechanisms repeating over and over. Once you understand this, you stop guessing, and start designing videos people actually watch. Every viral video starts with tension. Not information. Something incomplete, something unresolved. For example, most creators are doing this completely wrong. And I studied 1000 viral videos and your brain immediately asks what did you find ? That question is what drives the click. I call this the Curiosity Engine. The hook introduces a problem. But delays the answer. We analyzed a creator channel with multiple videos over 5 million views. Every single one uses the same hook pattern. Problem, Mystery and Promise. Here is the tactical takeaway. Your hook should do three things in the first 10 seconds. Create tension, from his value and delay the answer. Once you reveal everything immediately the viewer has no reason to keep watching. And this is where exactly most creators fail. They think a good hook means saying something shocking. But here is the real problem. Even with a strong hook most viewers still leave. Why the video structure collapses after the first 30 seconds. This is where the second pattern comes in. Viral videos are not flat. They Move in Small Curiosity Steps. I call this the retention ladder. Each segment answers one question while opening another. Think of it like climbing stairs. Here is an example structure. Hook. I studied 1000 viral videos. Step One, What Makes People Click. Step Two, What Keeps People Watching? Step three is what makes people share. Each step feels like a progress. But the full answer keeps moving forward. This creates momentum. When we look at retention graphs from high-performing videos, we notice something interesting. The best videos introduce new questions every 20 to 40 seconds. Not Random Tangents. Structured Curiosity. Practically this means every section of your video should do two things. Close one loop and open another. That's how viewers stay engaged. Now here is where it gets more interesting. A strong hook gets the click. A Retention Ladder Keeps People Watching. But neither of these guarantees virality. Because the third pattern is actually triggers sharing. Every viral video delivers a moment that feels worth it. A realization, a surprising insight, a satisfying explanation. I Call This the Pay Off Loop Because the Entire Video Builds Toward a Simple Conclusion Think About Videos That Blew Up Recently. Most of them and with something like Aha That Makes Sense and That Explains Everything. For example, a video analyzing viral hooks might end with so many viral videos are random. They follow predictable psychological patterns. Simple, clear and memorable. And this is very critical for virality. Because when viewers feel the pay off, they share the video. Structurally, your video should always answer the promise you made in the hook. The hook creates tension, the ending must resolve it. So after studying thousands of viral videos, the pattern becomes clear. The videos that explore follow the same system, Curiosity Engine, Retention Ladder and Pay of Loop, Click, Watch and Share. That's the entire mechanism. Most creators focus on editing tricks, but viral content is not about editing. It's About Psychology and Structure. Let's simplify it. If you want your videos to perform better. Remember these three things. Create curiosity in the hook. Build a retention ladder through the video, delivering a satisfying payoff. Because viral videos are not accidents. They are engineers and once you understand the structure, you start seeing it everywhere.

- Your 2026 Guide to Instagram Engagement | Future-Proofing Your Engagement Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been wondering how the heck do I increase my Instagram engagement, today's your lucky day. Because today, we're going to break down the four main engagement pillars to increase Instagram engagement. This way, you can future-proof your engagement strategies. As always, timestamps are below. Let's jump in. For clarification, when I refer to Instagram engagement, I'm specifically talking about audience interaction with your content, not growing your followers. We're talking likes, comments, saves, shares, etc. Your growth strategy might look completely different than the engagement strategy that we're going to be talking about today. Pillar number one is connection. Connection is probably the most important pillar because it is Instagram's main focus of their app, to bring you closer to the people and things you love. Even on this article, where Instagram explains how their algorithm or algorithms work, they share that it looks for signals to decide how to rank content. Now, there is lots and lots of different signals, but two key signals that they look at are closeness and your history of interacting with someone. First, let's dive into closeness. Now, what do you think is going to be the easiest way that Instagram will understand that you're close to someone? Talking in the DMs. DMs are your number one engagement engine that you have access to. Like, if I could tell you to do one thing and implement one thing after watching this video, it would be to increase the number of people you're talking to in the DMs. I am all for sliding in the DMs. I mean, that is how me and my husband met. So, DMs, they come in pretty handy. I like to think that the algorithm counts DMs as like a super signal. When you're talking to somebody in the DMs, you are communicating to the algorithm that you're close to that person. So, how do you implement DMing someone and do that organically or not come across as like weird, creepy, or salesy? One way to do this organically is to go to any of your recent posts and then look under the comments. Anyone who has commented on your post and has an active story bubble, I want you to watch their stories and reply to something that they have posted in their stories. This is going to be the most authentic way of starting a conversation and then it's up to you again to keep that conversation going. Now, there are some other ways to increase DM activity. You could use broadcast channels in your stories include a call to action like reply to this story if blah blah blah blah blah. Reply to this story with da da da da da. If you posted your morning coffee, you could say reply to this story with your go-to coffee order or your go-to coffee mix up in the morning. You could build out your close friends. Again, another signal that you're close to someone. When someone comments on your post, you could always reply to their comment via DM for a more in-depth explanation. You could offer freebies via DM keywords like comment, chat, and I'll send you da da da or reply to this story with chat and I'll send you da da da. Again, encouraging conversations happening in DMs. And finally, you could always DM your new followers. This is something that I used to do when I first started growing on Instagram. Anytime a new person would follow me, I would simply send them like a thank you message thanking them for following me and then asking how I could support them or asking them what are some things that they're currently struggling with right now in their creative journey so that I can make a video about it. Now, I'm not saying you need to manually DM every single person who follows you, but it could be a good strategy again to hone in on that closeness signal. So, if that's something that you wanted to do, you could always set up an automation with ManyChat because they have a new tool called the follow-to-DM automation. Basically, this is going to send a direct message to someone immediately after they follow your Instagram account. You could even set up a delay where you send them the DM an hour after they follow you or 24 hours after they follow you. Now, for clarification, this is not like a cold pitch of your offer, like sign up for my coaching or here's a freebie, get on my email list. This isn't a way to like increase sales. This is supposed to be utilized as a tool to create a genuine conversation with somebody who has followed you and a genuine connection. Because the moment somebody follows you, that is the moment they most engaged with you and your content. So, to just jump on that opportunity and connect with that person is going to be such a power move of you standing out among all the other creators they're following. This is an example of the DM that you could send to somebody after they follow you. As you could see, it's just a simple how can I help you on your journey right now and all they have to do is take 60 seconds to fill out a form. Pillar two, conversation. We know that the second signal Instagram looks at when deciding who to show your content to and how to rank your content is your history of interacting with someone. So, if you want your content to reach your followers, you need to be connecting with your followers, okay? So, two ways to carry on conversations on Instagram are DMs and comments. Now, we've already talked about DMs, so let's focus on comments and what sort of engagement strategy you could have there. Because Instagram rewards content that encourages discussion and interaction. How do I know this? Here are two separate videos. Both are on the same topic, same length, filmed in the same location even, but this one got way more views and reach. Why? Why do we think that is? Well, when you look at the stats of the two, there are some strong stats here, but you could see that the standout ratio is the fact that it got 35 times more comments. So, here are two ways to leverage comments. One, reply to every comment on your post. If you got five comments, your response is makes it 10 comments. If you got 10 comments, replies gives it 20. You can easily double engagement by replying to comments. My dog decided to join our video, so she will be on my lap if you see a little head popping up and down. Now, number two, you can simply create content that sparks conversation in the comments. To spark conversation in the comments, you can lean into different video types or simply use call to actions that encourage engagement. Some videos that spark comments are videos like vulnerable storytelling moments. This is showing up raw, authentic, and sharing something about your life. People relate to that raw authenticity and showing that vulnerable side of you definitely encourages more people to share their experience with something you're going through or even send extra encouragement your way. Sharing any life changes, if you're moving, if you're pregnant, any life change is going to definitely increase engagement. If you have a strong opinion about something in your industry or a confession, like I'm somebody that believes toilet paper should roll over, not be under. That's a strong opinion that I have. And some people might disagree, it might be super controversial. So, sharing those strong opinions or controversial opinions can be great ways to spark engagement. You could share a problem that you're currently having and ask for your audience to give input or even a post all about community input saying, "Hey, I'm launching this product, would love your feedback on this, this, this." Like, asking for your audience's opinion is going to invite them to share their opinion. People love sharing their opinions, and when you give them a reason to and a purpose to, they're going to speak their mind. And then, my personal favorite is a value exchange with a DM automation. These are typically the posts where you say, "Comment email pitch and I'll send you my free pitch templates to land brand collaborations." So, that's when you teach something and then you give a call to action for a resource towards that topic. And then we have call to actions for increased engagement. What sort of call to action could you add to your videos to increase engagement? It could be things like save this video for later or send this video to yourself as a reminder. Or you could ask for recommendations. Does anybody have a podcast recommendation about true crime? Let me know in the comments. After you share a story, you could say has anything like this ever happened to you? Love to hear your story in the comments. If you shared tips or advice, you could say something like what more questions do you have on brand collabs? Let me know down in the comments. And a comment keyword for a link to blank. Now, for me, the post that got 35 times more engagement and honestly just any post that gets extra comments and engagement, it's always either a life moment post like when I had a baby, I like didn't announce that I was pregnant and I was just like surprise, we had a baby. So, of course that one popped off. And then the other ones that perform really well for me are a value exchange post layered with a DM automation or a call to action. So, on this post, it wasn't educational post and at the end I used a comment call to action. So, if a person were to comment with a specific keyword, they would then get the main resource for free in exchange for their comment. So, there's a value exchange happening there. Now, to set this up, you would use a DM automation through ManyChat so that anytime somebody comments that keyword, they would automatically get the link to the resource that you promised sent to them. You don't have to go in and do it manually. ManyChat is a tool that I personally have been using and paying for as a loyal customer since 2022, so I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring today's video. Now, after I had the DM automation set up to basically slide in their DMs, you know, that closeness signal, I took it a step further and also set up a secondary automation to reply to every commenter that comments that keyword. This basically is a setup of a snowball effect of comments just continuously rolling on that post, even if I don't have the time to manually reply to every comment. Again, the more comments that are being thrown on that post means that Instagram's just going to push it out to more people. Now, the best part about doing these sort of automations through ManyChat is that their tool is approved by Meta themselves. So, you can set up all of these automations with 100% confidence that it's not going to hurt your reach or engagement. So, if you want to try out ManyChat Pro for free for 30 days, I'll leave a link down in the description below. Use that link with code Modern Millie, and you could start your free trial today. Now, pillar three is going to be retention. Instagram has said that while they do have the top three signals to determine posts' reach, when it comes to reels, the most important for distribution is watch time. If people watch reels longer or stay on your video for longer, you're getting them to stay on the app for longer. So, of course, Instagram's going to love that and show your content to more people. Four ways that you can increase retention are going to be having a solid hook, teasing the ending of your video, creating some sort of series, and maybe even dabbling with some FaceTime content, or using like casual, non-hooky hooks. Let's talk about each of these. The initial hook is going to determine if somebody's going to stay and watch a little bit more of your video. It might not guarantee they'll watch the whole thing, but understanding the hook and leveraging that will at least get somebody to not immediately skip past your video. I do have a video where I break down exactly what goes into a solid hook layering strategy, but basically there's three elements that you want to have on every single one of your videos. That is the text hook, the visual hook, and the audible hook. The text hook is going to be what someone reads to capture attention. The visual hook is what's happening in the actual shot, in the video. Is there movement? Did you spill your water? What is the visual hook that's going to have somebody intrigued or interested? And then the audible hook is like, what is the person hearing that's going to capture their attention? Is it a trending audio? Is it what you say in your voiceover or to the camera? This might sound complicated, but if you're able to plan this out ahead of time before filming, it's going to help the improvement of your video so, so, so much. And I have Again, I have a whole breakdown of how to do this, and even a complete mini course that I'll link below, too, that gives you the tangible, practical research for how to apply this to your niche in your videos. My husband actually used this last week when he was researching some short-form content, and I was like, "Just watch this mini course." And he actually really liked it. Here's screenshots of our texts. Now, we have teasing the ending of your video. Now, this can be as simple as saying, "Now, be sure to stay till the end because the last tip is the one that's going to actually move the needle." You know, you could say things like that. Or something like, "If you're only going to take one thing from this video, it's going to be my final point." We'll get to that in a second. You know, so you could do something like that where you're verbally teasing that outro. If that's too on the nose for you, if you're doing like a storytelling, you could say something like, "Honestly, this was a plot twist that I just did not see coming." Or even with like vlogs or day-in-the-life stuff, if you start with a montage of what's to come, it's teasing what's in the video. Or even if you start with like the biggest moment, let's say you're shopping and you drop a candle in Ross and you break it and it shatters everywhere, and that's like 2 minutes into the vlog, start with the most compelling clip. Again, teasing what's to come. Then you have bingeable content. It could be something like, "Welcome to part one of my becoming a CEO series. I've been loving it." So, it could be something like that. You could do a whole transformation. Welcome to day five of my 30-day gut reset challenge. People love series type of content because they love that whole like start to finish, let me track the progress here, let me binge Oh, I found episode five or reel five came up on my For You page. Let me go back to this person's profile and watch one, two, three, and four. And so, when you commit to, let's say, a 7-day 30-day 75-part series, it's not expecting to go viral on the first one. That's not the intention. It's I'm going to commit to this for however many days it is with the hopes that one of these, if one, just one, outperforms the others, anyone who watches that one is going to binge and that snowball trickle-down effect will start to take place, naturally increasing your engagement. And then we have like the FaceTime style content. This format is something I see a lot of on TikTok and I feel like people are starting to really connect with it on Instagram. I think most of the time people see Instagram as like this aesthetic content platform, but we're starting to see more of it onto Instagram because it feels so personal, unscripted, it's emotionally engaging. You could think like not showing up perfect, messy bun, no makeup, in your natural environment, direct eye contact to the camera, just having a conversation with your best friend. The great thing about FaceTime content is that it feels like you just happened upon the middle of the conversation with somebody or you just like you kind of accidentally fell into somebody's Snapchat or someone's FaceTime to a friend. And the hook could be something like, "Be honest, do you struggle with this, too?" Or "This might be a controversial opinion, but" Now, if you've learned something new so far, be sure to give this video a thumbs up. And if you learned two new things by the end of this video, I'd love if you consider subscribing since it's a simple way to support my channel and it allows me to continue to create free content like this every single week on my YouTube channel. Now, pillar number four is adaptation. Adaptation is something that I've been talking about from the very, very, very beginning of teaching Instagram, and that is to always jump on the new new trends if relevant to your industry, new Instagram features. Anytime Instagram launches a feature, being one of the first adapters is going to give you such a huge advantage. And even new uses of AI and automations. When you're somebody who is fast adapting to any new updates in such a fast-changing industry, it gives you such a huge advantage because it's putting you ahead of the curve compared to everyone else who's choosing not to adapt to new features, trends, AI, tools, resources, you name it. Some tools that you might not be leveraging on Instagram now are broadcast channels, collab posts, trial reels, turning on closed captions on your reels, and not only that, but turning on translations so Instagram's AI can auto translate your reel into other languages, creating a close friends list, and again, any of their AI updates. I feel like when I think of Instagram AI, I think of like their little avatar and you could like, "Oh, you could turn your avatar into this." Or you could upload your photo and it'll change you to this. And so, like, it's silly, but using it, implementing it, practicing it puts you ahead of the curve and ready for any changes that they build on top of it. Plus, that one strategy of adaptation is going to future-proof your Instagram engagement strategy because you are staying ahead of the game every single time. Now, here's the thing. I know Instagram changes every single second, and it seems like every week Mosseri is putting out another announcement like, "Hey, we new a feature. Hey, new this, new that." So, I'm not saying like you have to stay on top of all these things and you need to update this and play that. No, no, no, no. Pick and choose maybe one thing a month that you're going to adapt into your current Instagram strategy. That way it feels more attainable and more realistic for you to keep up with. At the end of the day, you want to think of Instagram as a relationship platform, not just a posting and ghosting platform because Instagram's going to be prioritizing creators who treat their platform as a community instead of just a megaphone and launching random updates. So which of these pillars are you going to start to implementing first? Let me know down in the comments below. And was there anything that I touched on in this video that you'd love to see more of a deep dive on? Cuz I'm taking requests. I'm taking video requests, always. I always am. If you've made it this far, watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lovegamecheat [26 likes]: why so many of the new content creators are actively using platforms such as likesforme to boost their site? its giving an unfair advantage the new accounts like mine.
  2. @MillieAdrian [2 likes]: Thanks for watching! 🥰Get 30 Days Free from ManyChat Pro with code MODERNMILLIE ➡ https://manychat.com/creators?utm_source=influencer&utm_medium=cold&utm_campaign=MordernMillieYT&utm_content=YT
  3. @blkbishop112 [1 likes]: How do I get real people and not bots showing boobs?
  4. @LatinGirl18 [1 likes]: The verbal teasers like ''the last tip is my favorite'' work the opposite way on me. It makes me lose all interest and skip the video fast 😅😂
  5. @money-Dominic: 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
  6. @sarahhashimi1410: Connection
*dms
* watch peoples story and reply (authentic way to start convo)
* broadcast channel
* cult action - reply to this story if they did something key
* close friends 
* freebies via dm keywords
* reply to comments by dm
* dm new followers - thank them, how can i support you?
* set up automation - manychat they text whoever new followed you

Comments
* reply to every comment on uour post
* create content that sparks conversation in the comment (call to action, they type key words and you send them the program)
* storytelling, life changes, strong opinion/confession, problem sharing, 

Retention
* solid hook - leveraging hoook = watch time on your video (text, audible, visual hook)
* teasing end of your video - stay tune for the end of the video because you get this, if you take one thing from this video its the last point (verbal tease), vlog - montage of whats going to happen, start with the most compelling clip
* binge content - day 1 of doing ___, looking at progress, parts of story, comitting to it and then one will go viral
* facetime style content - emotionally engaging, real, relatable (do you struggle with this too)

Adaptation
* always jump on the new (trends, new instagram feature, new uses of ai/automation)
* puts you ahead cause you adapted to the new tools
* broadcast channel, trial reels, turning on captions & translation, close friends list

*think of instagram as a relationship platform = connecting
* instagram priortizes those who treat their platform like a community
  7. @VivirEnPalmBeach: Thanks.  Never knew how reel distribution worked; you've given me homework.  Thanks.
  8. @Happy-olive: As someone who shows up on instgram as a 'real' person, real skin, real results type (works great for brand deals because they want it to look less like an ad) It feels weird to do the auto DM/ comment keyword dms - because its clear its not really me, and it feels like im selling them stuff. Its really annoying that IG doesnt care about followers at all - theyre who im making the content for after all. Its great to know and understand the way IG is working though, rewally appreciate this video
  9. @crescitaly: The DM-as-super-signal point is underrated. I started replying to 2 stories from commenters every morning as a habit and my reach on the next post literally doubled within a week. The algorithm clearly weights closeness heavier than any hashtag strategy people still obsess over. Connection > reach hacks, every time.
  10. @BestShoppingStore24: It is a full time job to stick just with the DMs and what about all the other things we need to do and are more important like making really good content? I noticed many accounts that have 0 following and millions of followers they don't even respond to comments. What about their strategies? How did they made it without the connection part? I have an account where I started communicating but it is very time consuming to respond to everyone's DM and comments and you still get stuck to 4-5k followers, nothing explodes in views and engagement although my content is relatively good and has engagement from my followers.
  11. @Chandanjani-i6x: the DM pillar finally clicked for me. i keep treating comments like the main metric, but my actual sales convos are all in DMs. also using Gainsty on the side.
  12. @AIGENERATED-FOR: i had no idea engagement was changing like this
  13. @JohannesLopes-c8j: this is super helpful for my next post
  14. @Multipotentialite-1121: lol I got a paper towel ad right after you mentioned the toilet paper direction 😂
  15. @Alsielle: Thank you ,I will start with the DMs and comments. 😊
  16. @ParallaxPodcast_PP: Great video.
  17. @marialououtfits: 100%
  18. @dontmissmyplate: Thank you! Finally on Manychat
  19. @tatiananeasha_: This was so informative Millie! Thank you so much ❤
  20. @majmoat-assibagha: i love how simple you made it all

- 6 Thumbnail Psychology Tricks that FORCE You to Click: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is a video platform. People come for the content. And yet, we seem to forget that before you can get people to watch, you need people to click because the YouTube algorithm only cares about one thing. Does your thumbnail grab the viewer and force them to click? And this is the secret only big creators understand. They aren't masters of content. They're masters of clickbait. Golden items, cluster of color, crazy faces. I found the cheat codes. Six design secrets that will instantly level up your next thumbnail. And the first one is the two hook rule. Because if no one's clicking right now, that means your thumbnails are too basic. And the way to fix this is to stack hooks in your thumbnail. Take this video from Nick to Giovani where he tries to cook a whole cow. Most creators would make a thumbnail like this one on the left. Just show the entire cow in the thumbnail. Easy peasy, right? But look at what Nick did. Besides showing the whole cow, he also added a second hook. A tiny jarring detail in the form of the cow's you know what. It's gross. It's unexpected. and your brain can't unsee it. That tiny detail made the whole video way more clickable. And it got 20 million views while everyone else got 3 million on the exact same video. It's what I call a what the detail, a second layer in the thumbnail that makes people go, "What the fuck?" It's not about making crude thumbnails. It's about surprising the viewer's brain, adding a second reason to click. So, how exactly do you do this? Well, for every thumbnail you make, spend 10 minutes brainstorming extra hooks you can sneak into your thumbnail. Now, it's impossible to find a strong what the detail for every thumbnail. So, here's where cheat code number two comes in. The unique angle hack. This is a secret big YouTubers abuse. Ryan Treyan, Mr. Beast, and Mark Robber all use this trick. I've done a lot of testing on this and I found that just shooting your thumbnail from an odd angle can make your thumbnail way more clickable. Take this video that went mega viral recently. It's about playing a video game for 30 days. Most YouTubers would have done something like this. an average-looking thumbnail using a flat eyele perspective, something we see in most thumbnails today. But this creator used a top-down perspective. But why is that important? Well, choosing a unique angle makes the thumbnail stand out because it feels different. Just look at it on the homepage. It stands out compared to everything else. And this doesn't just work with top- down perspectives. You can do angles like 2D, upwards, downwards. The key is to think of thumbnails in a virtual setting. If you have a main action, imagine there's a virtual camera you can move around from different angles to see what pops out the most. This will make your thumbnails way better than anything else on the market. Okay, so we've talked about the what the detail and thumbnail angles, but this next cheat code is so strong, I think YouTube might make it illegal. You need to fix lowanging fruit. See, after running hundreds of tests, I found three easy design changes that make your thumbnails way more clickable. First, make the subject pop. This is the thumbnail before you made the subject pop. It's really hard to make out the shoes. Now, here it is after. We made the color way brighter and it pops out way more. But why does this matter? Well, if the thumbnail stands out more, the viewers see it faster, which means they'll understand and click the thumbnail faster. This trick is really easy to do. Just blur or darken the background and the subject will pop. The second lowanging fruit is removing distracting elements. This is a thumbnail with distracting elements. All these feet right here. And this is the thumbnail without distracting elements. much easier to understand. Why? Because distracting elements add more complexity to the thumbnail, and the longer the viewer takes to figure out what's going on, the more likely they are to click on another video. The third lowhanging fruit is using the realism trick. Take these two thumbnails. Both of them use the same photo of James Charles, but one of them looks fake. The lighting is off, and the angle of the head is wrong. From our testing, we've seen that fake looking thumbnails get less views. Because when a thumbnail is obviously Photoshop, viewers assume it's clickbait, and then they don't click. So, make your thumbnails look like they happened in real life. There are exceptions to this, but for most thumbnails, this rule holds true. Gode number four is the art of thumbnail branding because the colors, fonts, and aesthetic of your thumbnail can unlock a bunch of extra views if you do it right. Take for example the channel Diary of a CEO. Look at his iconic thumbnail format. Black background, white text, and red highlight color. This all comes together to create a really unique brand that sticks out from other creators. It's funny. As a kid, I used to think that branding was a bunch of BS YouTube advice. The color of your profile picture and thumbnail doesn't increase views. And yes, your branding doesn't get you new views, but it can get you returning viewers. If we dive into the data and science behind this, it's really interesting. Obviously, we have new viewers, people who haven't seen your content yet. Then we have casuals. Casuals are people who occasionally watch your broad, more appealing videos. And hardcore are the diehard fans that watch every video. Now, your thumbnail's branding taps into the hardcore fans using something I call familiarity bias. Have you ever seen a Mr. Beast thumbnail in your feed and then instantly clicked without really reading the title? Not just Mr. Beast, but any creator you like. The instant click phenomenon is hardcore fans recognizing the branding of the creator they love and instantly clicking. Now, creating a unique branding style can be complicated, but I made this dock to break it down. First, pick a main color. This is the color you'll be using across your entire channel, not just thumbnails, but profile edits, etc. The next two colors need to be basic. Think black, gray, white. Colors that'll make your main color pop more. Finally, pick the highlight color, which you'll use to emphasize stuff. Boom. Colors done forever. Next is the font. This can literally be any style of font, but specifically pick a font that matches the vibe you're trying to sell in your content. If you're trying to look professional, pick a clean font. If you're trying to give off more friend vibes, use a more flowy font. Finally, the aesthetic of your thumbnails. This needs to be a look that stays consistent with every video. Again, pick something that matches your content's vibe. If you're giving one-on-one personal advice to people your age, use a simple raw photo. If you're teaching complex information, have you plus a whiteboard in the background. It's that simple. You're not going to find the perfect branding right away. So, keep experimenting until you find something that works for you. Now, focus up, cuz this next cheat code is a gamecher. Have you ever had a great idea, but when you go to make it into a thumbnail, it just looks horrendous? Well, I found the solution that turns an idea into a banger visual. It's all about how you space thumbnail elements. Stick with me because this is going to blow your mind. Look at this Ryan Treyan Lonely Island thumbnail. It's a solid thumbnail. The tiny island matches the title. But there's a simple trick that makes it way stronger. Watch what happens when we zoom out and surround the island with more ocean. Suddenly, the island feels smaller, lonier, and way more clickable. That one shift changes the entire emotion of the thumbnail. But more importantly, when used properly, it can shine a spotlight on whatever elements you want the viewer to see. To prove this, let's run a simple test. In 3 seconds, I'm going to flash the screen with a bunch of different thumbnails. I want you to identify which one pulls your attention first. Ready? Go. Now, most of you probably focused on this thumbnail. But how did I know that? Well, it's because of the dead space. The thumbnail stood out on the homepage because of how simple it was compared to the other thumbnails. The reason this stuff works is because you're controlling the space in the image, using it to grab viewers attention, and then pulling their eyes towards the most interesting element. One of the more common ways of using this is a technique called the rule of thirds. Take a 3x3 line grid and slap it over an image. You want the main elements in your thumbnail to align with the different grid lines. It makes your thumbnail look more visually appealing. So, when you make your next thumbnail, don't make it cluttered. Add some dead space around the most important element and watch it magically pop. And finally, for the last section here, how to guarantee viral thumbnails. Add a rainbow. Rainbows overperform across kids content, tech, gaming, food, way more niches than you'd expect. But before you click off and say, "Yo, this guy's an idiot." Let me explain. This hack isn't actually about rainbows. It's about spotting objects that consistently get high views, like a rainbow, and then reusing them in your thumbnails. I call this visual triggers. objects like devil horns, melting symbols, or this knocking at the door format. They've all gotten crazy views on different channels in different niches. Why throw random elements in your thumbnails when you can use proven visual triggers that have literally gotten millions of views? Now, the key thing is to catalog these visuals every time you see them. So, the next time you make a thumbnail, you don't need to start from scratch. You can pull from a library of proven objects. I really believe if you make thumbnails across a hundred videos and actually try to improve each time, it's literally impossible for your thumbnails to suck. You'll slowly start to learn what works well as you test and optimize your thumbnails. Now, if you want more help making your own thumbnails, check out my free newsletter where I roast people's thumbnails every week. I'll throw a link in the description. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tobystrategy [8 likes]: if you'd like more youtube sauce, sign up for my newsletter: https://dub.sh/thumbnailtricks
  2. @Wunjo369 [1 likes]: Nice 👍👍
  3. @dailysillyanimal: pretty sure 90% of the potensial viewrs didnt watch the video for the only purpose of not clicking because in the thumbnail it says forces you to click
  4. @Pedro-San70s: I just clicked to say, this thumbnail sucks.
  5. @AlexRedt9ne: 0:23: no you didn't
  6. @reset.editxx: this is the most valuable video I've ever watched
  7. @EdMonks: brilliant video
  8. @mundocurioso7468: My friend is adding a Portuguese track to his videos.
  9. @mdxsadiq8050: Doubt - how to differentiate extra hook and distractions
  10. @poprecordsofficial: thanks man, it help a lot
  11. @cooolmantle: Aah I seee
  12. @ThereWillBeDubs: You can roast mine if you want 😅🤷‍♂️
  13. @J_TW: great video
  14. @CrazyCobraCC: I clicked the thumbnail because I was so confused by what I was seeing.

Why the hell is this guy shooting paint through a gun at a guy’s face?
  15. @tog_podcast: I’ve been looking at thumbnails for a min I’m slowly getting better 🤷🏽‍♂️
  16. @xscry: it's valuable. great
  17. @Neillusion: Didn’t click sorry 😤
  18. @knottage: Maybe one day I'll have 17k views on a video
  19. @LGmaster7: I appreciate the tips, good job
  20. @benssbm: will be using this

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- Faceless AI YouTube Channel EXPOSED | Viral Growth Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en A Russian channel is getting millions of views on YouTube without showing its face. And the most interesting thing is all these videos are made by AI. And don't sit there thinking YouTube is demonetized AI channels. Yes, YouTube is demonetized channels that are fully AI generated. But here's the trick. Do you own scripting and editing and let's AI handle the rest of the work. This way your channel can be monetized. So now let's learn how to create this type of content. First, understand the strategy of this channel working spiritual and mystery niche. These videos show body energy and hidden knowledge. That's why the RPM of this channel is high. Which means it's generating thousands of dollars monthly. To create videos like this, first find the trending and emotional topic. Then generate a cinematic script using GPT and Cloud. But don't use the script directly. Rewrite it in your own words. This helps your channel stay safe for monetization. Now convert the script into image prompt using GPT. Then generated images using any AI tools. And for editing using CapCut, it's easy and powerful. If you can found this helpful, subscribe for more AI methods. See you in the next video.

- Master YouTube: Tips for Viral Growth 🌟: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered why some YouTube channels explode overnight while others struggle for years to get noticed? What if I told you that going viral isn't just luck, but a science you can master? Today, I'm going to reveal the exact strategies that top creators use to hack the algorithm and turn ordinary videos into viral sensations. By the end of this video, you'll have a complete road map to transform your channel from zero to hero. Let's dive in. The first thing you need to understand is that YouTube isn't just a video platform anymore. It's become the world's second largest search engine. And like any search engine, it rewards content that keeps people engaged and coming back for more. The creators who understand this fundamental shift are the ones experiencing explosive growth right now. Think about it this way. Every single day, over 500 hours of video content gets uploaded to YouTube every minute. That's an insane amount of competition. But here's the secret that most creators miss. You're not competing with every single video on the platform. You're only competing with videos in your specific niche and topic area. This changes everything about how you should approach your content strategy. The algorithm doesn't care if you have fancy equipment or perfect lighting. What it cares about is one thing above everything else, audience retention. This means keeping viewers watching your videos for as long as possible. The channels that master this single metric are the ones that blow up overnight. Let me share a real example. There's a creator who started their channel just 8 months ago with absolutely zero experience. They didn't have professional equipment, editing skills, or even a clear niche, but they focused obsessively on one thing, creating content that made people want to keep watching. Today, they have over 2 million subscribers and their videos regularly hit millions of views. So, how do you create content that keeps people glued to their screens? It starts with understanding the psychology of attention. Human brains are wired to pay attention to things that are either surprising, useful, or emotionally engaging. The most successful viral videos tap into at least one of these triggers, and the absolute best ones combine all three. Let's talk about the hook. Those first 15 seconds of your video are absolutely critical. This is where you either capture someone's attention or lose them forever. Most creators make the mistake of starting with lengthy introductions or slow buildups, but viewers today have shorter attention spans than goldfish. You need to grab them immediately with a compelling promise or shocking statement. Here's a formula that works every time. Start with the end result or the most interesting point of your video. Then create curiosity about how you got there. For example, instead of saying, "Welcome to my channel. Today, we're going to talk about productivity tips," try something like this. I doubled my income in 6 months using a simple morning routine that takes just 10 minutes, and I'm about to show you exactly how I did it. Notice the difference. The second approach immediately tells viewers what they'll gain and creates curiosity about the specific method. This hooks them and makes them want to keep watching to learn the details. But hooks are just the beginning. Once you've captured attention, you need to maintain it throughout the entire video. This is where most creators fail. They start strong, but then lose momentum halfway through. The key is to create what I call value loops. These are regular intervals where you deliver on your promises and hint at what's coming next. Think of your video like a television show. Good TV shows end each scene with a cliffhanger that makes you want to see what happens next. Your YouTube videos should work the same way. Every few minutes, you should deliver value while simultaneously creating anticipation for the next segment. Here's how to structure this effectively. Start with your hook. Then outline what viewers will learn. Break your main content into three to five key points. Before revealing each point, build tension by explaining why it's important or what problem it solves. After sharing each point, briefly tease the next one. This creates a chain of curiosity that keeps people watching until the very end. Now, let's talk about thumbnails. Because even the most amazing video won't go viral if people don't click on it. Your thumbnail is essentially a movie poster for your content. It needs to communicate the value of your video and create curiosity in just a split second. The most successful thumbnails follow a simple formula. They show a clear human emotion, include minimal text that creates curiosity, and use bright contrasting colors that stand out in the feed. Avoid the common mistake of cramming too much information into your thumbnail. Remember, most people view YouTube on mobile devices where thumbnails appear very small. If your thumbnail is cluttered or hard to read, people will scroll right past it. Instead, focus on one clear emotion or benefit and make it as visually striking as possible. Color psychology plays a huge role here, too. Bright colors like red, orange, and yellow naturally draw attention and create urgency. Blues and greens feel more trustworthy and calming. The key is to use colors that contrast with YouTube's white background and make your thumbnail pop off the screen. Your title is equally important and works handinhand with your thumbnail. The best titles create curiosity without giving everything away. They often include numbers, power words, and emotional triggers. Instead of generic titles like how to be productive, try something more specific like the 5-minute morning habit that tripled my productivity and changed my life. Numbers work because they set clear expectations about what viewers will learn. Power words like secret, proven, ultimate, and shocking gra attention and create urgency. Emotional triggers tap into desires like success, happiness, or fear of missing out. The most viral titles combine all these elements in a way that feels natural and authentic. But here's something most creators don't realize. The algorithm doesn't just look at clicks. It also measures how long people watch after clicking. If your title promises something your video doesn't deliver, people will click away quickly. This hurts your video's performance and makes it less likely to be recommended to others. This brings us to content structure. The most successful YouTube videos follow a proven formula that maximizes watch time and engagement. Start with a strong hook that promises specific value. Follow with a brief overview of what viewers will learn. Then dive into your main content, breaking it into digestible segments with smooth transitions and with a clear call to action that encourages engagement. Pacing is crucial here. Most successful creators speak slightly faster than normal conversation pace. This creates energy and keeps viewers engaged. They also use strategic pauses for emphasis and vary their vocal tone to maintain interest. Think of your voice as an instrument that can create different emotions and energy levels throughout your video. Visual variety is just as important as vocal variety. Even if you're just talking to the camera, you can add interest through subtle movements, hand gestures, and occasional close-ups or wide shots. Many successful creators also use graphics, text overlays, and quick cuts to maintain visual interest without being distracting. Now, let's discuss timing and consistency. Many creators obsess over finding the perfect time to upload, but the truth is that consistency matters more than timing. The algorithm rewards channels that upload regularly because it shows YouTube that you're an active creator who will continue producing content. Choose an upload schedule you can realistically maintain, whether that's once a week or three times a week. Then stick to it religiously. Your subscribers will begin to anticipate your content and the algorithm will start promoting your videos more consistently. Consistency builds momentum and momentum is what turns small channels into viral sensations. Engagement is another crucial factor that many creators underestimate. The algorithm pays close attention to comments, likes, shares, and subscribers gained from each video. The more engagement your video generates, the more YouTube will promote it to similar audiences. This creates a snowball effect that can lead to viral growth. But here's the key. You can't just ask people to like and subscribe. You need to give them a specific reason to engage. Instead of saying, "Please like this video if you found it helpful," try something more specific, like, "If this strategy helped you understand how to grow your channel, hit the like button to let me know, and I'll create more videos about YouTube growth strategies." The same principle applies to comments. Ask specific questions that encourage thoughtful responses. Instead of what do you think, try which of these three strategies are you most excited to try and what results do you expect to see? Specific questions generate more engagement because they're easier to answer and more likely to spark conversations. Building a community around your content is what transforms casual viewers into dedicated fans. Respond to comments, especially in the first few hours after uploading. This shows the algorithm that your video is generating engagement and encourages more people to join the conversation. Many successful creators spend as much time engaging with comments as they do creating new content. Cross-romotion is another powerful strategy that most creators overlook. Instead of treating each video as a standalone piece, create series and playlists that encourage binge watching. Reference previous videos in your current content and tease upcoming videos to keep people coming back. This increases your overall watch time and helps build a loyal audience. Let's talk about analytics because data is your best friend when it comes to viral growth. YouTube provides incredibly detailed analytics that show you exactly how your videos are performing. Pay attention to audience retention graphs, click-through rates, and traffic sources. These metrics tell you what's working and what needs improvement. The most successful creators are constantly testing and optimizing based on their analytics. They experiment with different thumbnail styles, title formats, and content structures to see what resonates with their audience. This iterative approach leads to consistent improvement and eventual viral breakthrough. Don't ignore the power of trending topics and current events. Creating timely content around trending subjects can give your videos a significant boost in the algorithm. But remember, you need to add your unique perspective or expertise to stand out from the crowd. Simply jumping on every trend without adding value won't lead to sustainable growth. Collaboration with other creators in your niche can also accelerate your growth. Guest appearances, joint projects, and shoutouts expose your content to new audiences who are already interested in your topic. The key is to collaborate with creators who have similar audience sizes and engagement rates for maximum mutual benefit. Here's something that might surprise you. Length doesn't determine success. Some viral videos are under 2 minutes, while others are over 20 minutes long. What matters is matching your content length to your topic and audience expectations. Don't artificially stretch short topics or rush through complex subjects. Let the content dictate the length. Finally, remember that viral growth is often unpredictable, but you can stack the odds in your favor by consistently applying these strategies. Focus on creating genuinely valuable content. Optimize for the algorithm. Engage authentically with your audience and stay persistent even when growth seems slow. The creators who break through aren't necessarily the most talented or creative. They're the ones who understand the platform, serve their audience consistently, and never stop learning and adapting. Your viral breakthrough might be just one video away, but only if you apply these strategies consistently and authentically. Start implementing these techniques today and remember that every successful creator started exactly where you are now. The only difference between you and them is that they took action and stayed consistent. Your time is coming and with these strategies, you'll be ready when it arrives. Which strategy will you implement first? Let me know in the comments below.

- Unlock Viral Growth: Master Content Distribution: Kind: captions Language: en so for today's exercise I want you to Simply list all of the distribution channels that you're currently engaging in and the ones that you need to start engaging in that starts with what you do in your everyday life think about your family think about your friends and the activities and the places that you go with them and the other people that you interact with with those people think about your community think about your church and all of the other extracurricular activities you do how can your message apply to that group group and then of course I want you to think about all of the digital channels look at your Facebook account look at your Instagram look at your Twitter look at your LinkedIn look at your email and look if you don't have any of these set up yet that is okay I want you to just make a list of all of them and I want you to start thinking about how you can uniquely and clearly position yourself in all of these channels you're going to find that you come up with a lot of interesting ideas and it's going to help open up your mind in terms of how you can start speaking to those audiences with those specific situations and places and Platforms in mind so make a list and we'll see you back on the next lesson welcome to lesson number nine today we're going to shift gears a little bit because now that you've gone through all that groundwork and now that you have a script I'm sure you're dying to record it you're just ready to go you're ready to start creating content my name is Chris and I've created multi-million dollar content strategies for the world's top business influencers if you want to get more clients and sell more products online send me a DM and join my weekly content creation classes at scaling suuccess secrets.com

- THG at 10 Years: The Growth, The Viral Videos and The Evolution of The Channel: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. Uh, so the last time that I did a video looking at 10 years of the hockey guy, we talked about advertising, and I'd like to thank people who sat through that video and watched that video. I I think this is going to be a little bit more interesting of a topic than advertising, but I I did want to talk about the advertising. I did feel like there were comments here and there, and it's not related to what any other channel was doing, as is any video that I make. I don't I don't really I don't follow the other hockey channels. I find that it's better to not pay any attention to what just just go on on my own thing, which is what I was doing back in 2016. I had no knowledge of anybody else having a hockey channel. I just went I want to talk about hockey and that's it. Uh when people ask for my opinion, that's what I usually say is make sure you have something that you want to say that you don't feel like other people in the space are already talking about that you find a unique way to present it so that people aren't saying you're copying this channel. and just speak from the heart, you know, don't don't worry so much about how many people are going to watch it or how polished it has to be. Uh while I have a decent microphone now and I don't have the sure microphone set up yet, I'll get it done. It's only been three and a half months. You guys are crazy. Uh, but I mean it started with me just living over a pizza place and just using a regular $50 uh webcam and using the microphone from that webcam because I didn't have a microphone that was separate. Uh, now of course I use the the Blue Yeti and it's actually a Blue Blue Yeti. So that's what I use for my microphone. It's always just out of out of view. Um, but eventually I'll have the Sure set up and I'll figure out everything on that. U if if if uh anybody wants to come over and help me with that, that'd be great. I'm I'm kidding, of course. Um, but yeah, 10 years. It's a long time. It's hard to wrap my brain around that. So, April 4th of 2016, so 10 years and a month and a half ago. Uh, I did a video reviewing 98% of my jerseys, and that was a one take video cuz it always has to be one take. I think this is like the 11th take. I've been some noisy background stuff that and I that that's the one thing that drives me crazy when I'm in the midst of a really good take and then there's a really really noisy car or truck goes by or cats will start fighting or something or rabbit knocks something over. Uh been numerous reasons for takes to get ruined and yeah so but it's always been one take. So if the take gets ruined I'm not going to, you know, put in I've got OBS on my computer. I don't use it. Um, it's a funny thing. I know I know I know I go against everything YouTube, but I've done that from the beginning. In the beginning, I've been told, "Okay, you need to use your green screen. You got to get your cats out of the videos. You got" and all these ad all these pieces of advice people give me, and I go, I just I'm just making videos. I just I don't care how how big the channel is or isn't. I just want to make videos and talk about hockey with all the fine people on the internet. Um, but April 18th of 2016, I did a playoff summary video that did all right. And so I started doing summaries of the playoffs which included you know the games the night before, how I felt, how teams played and all this and my honest appraisal of every team which I still try to do something like that. Although now I use whiteboards. The whiteboards came in relatively early on. Uh initially it was just me talking to a camera and I realized I needed something visual. So I had like qards that I'd use. Uh, but the Q cards eventually I I heard there were people that were using the Q cards and I thought, "All right, well, I'll I'll go to whiteboards and I'll use magnets on the whiteboards." And now here we are. I have 11 billion magnets. Um, 11 billion whiteboards and that's that's my that's my my jam. That's that's what people know me for. Could I could I do a more polished look? Probably. But would it look like a THD video? No. And I I sometimes think that there's YouTubers that the mistake they make is going from having that approachable one-on-one like talking like we're friends and we hang out and going to that polished studio professional we got to have like this this channel environment the same as you'd get on ESPN or TSN or Sports Net and and so now you're directly trying to compete with what they're doing. And I I just think that's kind of a bit of a fool's errand just a little bit. I mean, if if it works, great. But for some channels, it it just to me, all the extra bells and whistles don't make for a better video. They just to me personally, they don't make for a better video viewing experience. There have been times where people where channel will add a bunch of special effects. I'm like, why? I mean, yeah, you guys can afford all this new software, but you didn't need it. I didn't start watching your videos for that. So, that's kind of how I view it with mine as well. Um, and then March and April of 2016, I was doing videos about hats that I got, jerseys I got, March I got. And the way this worked was simple. I would get something. I go, "Man, I want to talk something about the stuff I got today." Well, I didn't have friends. Yeah. And so I would load up the webcam and just talk to the camera and go, "Here's the stuff I got today." And it wasn't about, "Oh, I hope hundreds and thousands of people see this. I hope this is the one." No, it was like, "Okay, I want to share this information." And so there we are. which is kind of how this video works. I just I I like going over this. I like talking about it. I always like going down memory lane, but we'll talk about that down here, too. Um, and the board kind of keeps me focused kind of. I still go on all those tangents. Uh, let's see. Tangent started back in 1982. No, I'm kidding. Uh, but yeah, so and then my first video where I I was clearly dissatisfied with the Canucks would have been May 15th of 2016 when the Conucks traded Jiren Ban. And to this day, I think that trade was a mistake. I understand that the team at the time that there were apparently rifts between him and the team. You know, the locker room wasn't getting along 10 years ago in Vancouver. Um, and this is the spiffy jersey that I wore for a lot of those early videos. That's why I'm wearing this for this video. I even thought about it. I thought, when was the last time I even wore this jersey? It's probably been years. Uh, it hangs there and I talk about it and I use it in countdown videos, but I don't really wear it. Um, but yeah, so all the unboxing stuff was just more of a I'm sharing this. And then as the channel got bigger, uh, people felt that I was showing off and that I was gloating. And that was a lot of the comments I was getting. And I thought, I don't want people to think I'm gloating or showing off. So, I cut off doing those unboxings unless it was from a company or from somebody who I had a working arrangement with, whether it was uh Ben H Sports. Uh eventually I had to email Ben and say I'm I'm not doing unboxings and he was like that's fine. Um like initially the unboxings too were I'm I'm giving him you know free advertising and in return you know I get a deal on jerseys from him. Uh and now of course I do the fanatics videos for when I get jerseys from them or whatever care package from them. Uh, but I I've had to kind of scale that back and I understood like I was like, you know what, I don't want people to feel like, oh, he's he's, you know, showing off with his collection now. Um, but I I I did have to cut those back. Um, so getting to June 13th of 2016, draft and UFA talk. So, this is where I talked about the upcoming entry draft and the top five unrestricted free agents. It did all right. Uh you're going to get a video in the upcoming days talking about the free agent market which is not as robust as it would have been back in 2016 in my opinion. Uh although those 2016 contracts almost none of them aged really well. That's where you get the Louis Ericson, the Milan Luchich, the various others. Um who are the who are the other ones? Opposo was another one. It was a big contract and so yeah the the talk about unrestricted free agents. Uh there was also the the the day where we saw multiple trades where Weber gets traded for Sububan, uh Hall gets traded to New Jersey and all of that happen. Just a crazy time in the National Hockey League. Be great if the NHL could have something like that take place over the next six weeks. Be nice to see some like big trades and shakeups. Um but yeah, so June 18th of 2016, I did a card collecting video and discovered right away people don't care about hockey cards. They they generally don't. And this is now if you're a card collector, you're like, I care about hockey cards. What are you talking about? I know there's card collecting channels. I know there are there are people who collect hockey cards. It is a much smaller group now than it was in its heyday back in the late 80s, early 90s where everybody was collecting hockey cards and they were there were card stores everywhere. And now not so much. Uh hockey cards have become a very small market. And I think what got me was I I did an appraisal of my my cards not too long ago, like some of my cards, and I'm looking through Beckett. Beckett's your your your bible of what cards are worth. I was like, well, at least they're still worth the same amount of money. And then I thought about it. I thought actually because inflation means money back then is now worth this here. These cards are actually worth significantly less than they were in the 90s when I got and I I got kind of sad for a moment there where I was like wow most of these cards have actually kept their value kind of but $50 in 1991 is very different from $15 in 2026. So if they've kept their value they've also lost value. And so I I got kind of sad thinking about that just a little bit because they should have all appreciated in value and they they really really haven't. Although you will still get people on eBay trying to sell you pro set hockey cards the first year for 50 bucks a box. There's an endless supply of proset hockey cards from 1991. I get the feeling that there's some buried in the desert next to ET cartridges from the 80s. Um so December 4th of 2017 was kind of a big night in that I started nightly previews. I did like three or four nightly previews in a week and then I stopped for a while. So, I didn't get into doing the nightly previews and reviews early on, but there were some nights and it was not as in-depth as it is now. I would talk about the games that I watched. I would talk about the teams and everything and eventually it became, well, since there's all these games you're reviewing, we don't know that you're necessarily watching all these games. We think you're just watching highlights or you're just looking at the scoreeet. So, I had to start inserting notes to prove that I watched the games that I knew what had been going on and then it it evolved to what it is now. So, that's that's where the reviews ended up becoming what they are now, which I'm fine with. I actually enjoy taking notes. And to be honest, during the playoffs, it can actually relieve some stress for me just a little bit. Just writing down the notes and just wanting to write in the boards, please, dear God, don't score again. Please, dear God, I've wanted to write that. Okay, my team's down three to three to one. Don't score. Don't allow another goal, please. But that's that's not a note I'm going to put on the board. Um, and then the first power rankings were February 13th of 2017, which is just before Vegas comes into the league, right? That final season before the Vegas Golden Knights came in. And it did well. It did well. I remember a time when the only only videos that would go to 10,000 views on this channel were power rankings. And early early on, I think it was 5,000. I be like, "Wow, that got 5,000 views. That's a big hit." And now if a video gets 5,000 views, I go, "Not as much interest in that as I'd hoped." Uh, I don't get mad about it or anything. It just means not as much interest as I had hoped. Uh, and then October 16th of 2019, I brought in the first panic index. And what the panic index started as is I need something on Wednesday. So every Saturday is the p the power rankings. um s Saturday, Sunday then I get I get those views for the power rankings and then the middle of the week usually there's not a whole lot going on. Wednesday is usually a very quiet night in the NHL and that's why I settled on that as the day for the panic index. I was like that is a very quiet day in the NHL. It's it's exactly half almost exactly halfway between a power rankings the previous week and the next power rankings. And then I decided early on too I can only do them every two weeks. A panic index every week is overkill. And so I made sure it was every two weeks. And this season was the first one where I absolutely made sure I had a calendar reminding me, okay, two weeks, do it. Two weeks, it's been two weeks. Get it done. And panic index was started out as something that wasn't serious. And I still don't see it as being nearly as serious as the power rankings. Power rankings I track every day. In fact, full disclosure, I still have the power rankings on my board uh for where every team ended the 2026 regular season. And so when I get ready for next season and when I'm doing a power rankings during the summer this summer, uh that's the guide that I use is I feel like that's you have to have some sort of a guide. I've seen that well you should just throw everything out. So like a team that goes 3 and 0 that week should be number one, but what if they're a bad team? What if they had a really rough what if what if a really good team just has a rough week? Do they deserve to be 18th or 19th rather? Nah. So I I don't necessarily erase my memory from the previous weeks. I I find that that doesn't work very well. Uh July 31st of 2017, I published the still to this day the largest watched most watched video on the channel, which has just passed 400,000 views. And all it was is a video on the odds of NHL teams moving. And this was when I was squished into the townhouse. So I went from living over a pizza place to being squished into a townhouse with uh with my my wife and the kids. Uh my son was initially living with us as well. It was a lot of people for two bedrooms. A lot of people and a townhouse. Not a very big townhouse either. Very small townhouse. We knew early on that we would need to move. We would need something that worked because my set in said townhouse was very, very tiny. I couldn't even put my elbows out cuz I had jerseys on one side and the whiteboard on the other. I had to stand kind of because I knew that. And then the problem I had too was that my markers, I'm always, you know, moving my arms around and everything. And I was actually getting actual markings on my jerseys from my markers cuz I was moving them back. And then I had problems with cats trying to climb the the the the the ridiculous um setup that I'd got from Sears. Sears went out of business and so I got racks from Sears just, you know, I was getting creative. We knew that I needed stuff for the set. So Sears going out of business. We're like, "All right, let's go get some some racks and stuff from Sears. Everybody else is buying merchandise, and I'm like, the stuff they got the merchandise off of, I'm interested in that." Um, and when the bay closed recently here, I went down and did the same thing where I was like, man, that desk would be great, but where would I put it? They had a huge desk that would have been like $100, and I was like, I want that desk. That desk is extremely heavy. It's huge. I don't know what I'd do with it. So, I didn't get the desk. Uh, it would not fit through the door. I don't even know if it would fit in the set. But that video on teams moving, I had no no idea that it would do that well. Um, I made that video because at the time there was a lot of discussion about Arizona and other franchises and how steady they were or they weren't. Uh, we don't have that kind of instability now with the NHL. We don't have that kind of discussion around the NHL. There are no teams that are anywhere near moving. And back then, you could have made the argument for Arizona and you could have made the argument for Florida back in 2017 as well. Um, but they had that sweetheart lease and now of course Florida's one of the more stable teams in the National Hockey League, both on and off the ice. Uh, March 21st of 2023, this is where the NHL signs the 10-year deal with Fanatics. I made it clear at the time that I I wasn't necessarily all that happy about it. At the same time, Fanatics was the only company that bid on getting the rights to make National Hockey League jerseys. Nike didn't want anything to do with it. Uh, Adidas was done. CCM didn't make an official bid. I don't think CCM necessarily had uh the money to compete with Fanatics either. So, we all had our opinions and I do think that's part of the reason why Fanatics has the agreement with me. Although I have never lied to you people about anything relating to their products and I have been pleasantly surprised. So far to this point, uh the jerseys produced by Fanatics have been of high quality and they've also brought back the on ice ones. You can actually buy the on ice jerseys. They're $500 Canadian, but they are making them available to the public, which Adidas never did. Uh it just felt like Adidas never wanted us to actually have the official ones that the the players wore on the ice. Uh June 29th of 2020, so this was during the the time where we were all at home. Most of us were at home. Uh I made a video on how I hate all 31 teams in 25 minutes. It was just a joke. It was just for fun. and it took off and it did great. One thing you'll notice though is I haven't gone back and tried to recreate this. YouTube will tell you that. They'll go, "You got a big hit with this video. Try to recreate that. Do something that's really really similar." I I could do something on hating teams, but I know it would never do what that video did. So, one thing that I've learned, and I'm going to come down here, I don't chase viral videos. I don't make videos expecting them to to go crazy. Early on, I would produce a video and go, I really enjoyed that video. I think that's going to do really well. Usually madness videos, big ideas, where I'd be like, I'm gonna look over data for the last 10 years. I'm going to put together a whole bunch of stuff. I'm going to have so many magnets on this board that it'll look like madness. So, again, uh it's only sunny in Philadelphia. Yeah. Uh Charlie, that whole thing. I really, that's why I call them madness videos because it feels like I'm just right down the rabbit hole and conspiratorial with all of it. and and so I'd put all this data together and then I'd produce that video and it would do less numbers than something that was current events. So I would talk about something that just happened in the National Hockey League. I may not even have a whiteboard behind me and that video would do twice as well as the madness board. So early on I learned I really enjoy putting together these these videos and these madness ideas and there are some people who really enjoy them but in general the audience is telling me great but we prefer this and so I was pushed towards the other content rather than the madness board and so I stayed away from it. Um December 12th of 2025 uh Quinn Hughes being traded to the wild. This has got I think 200 229,000 views at this point. Now, I knew when Hughes got traded that me making a video on it would garner a lot of attention because people know I'm a Canucks fan. So, whenever it's something Toronto Maple Leafs related, Steve Dangle, whatever he says about it is going to get a ton of attention. He's known as a Canucks fan or as a Leaf fan, I'm known as a Canucks fan. So, I know that if it's something about the Canucks that I have to make sure that I know what I'm gonna say. I'm I'm far more prepared and at the same time I know that I have to speak from the heart. And so if Hughes is traded at 4:00, I have to have that video done at least started filming by 4:15. I I cannot be standing around and cultivating this for hours before I bring out a video because then it's not going to feel genuine. It's not going to feel genuine. It's the one take thing to me. One take seems more genuine. Um, I I just I I feel that in my in my gut that it's it's a more genuine experience if I just do the one take, even though it takes a lot of takes. This video, for instance, I think I think it's take 11 or take 12. And sometimes it gets difficult for me to remember. Okay, did I say that with a previous take? There have been videos where people have said, you forgot to mention this. And I'm like, I said that in the previous take. I forgot to include it in that take shoot. And and there's there's nothing I can do at that point. Like I used to go back and reshoot videos. I generally don't do that anymore. Um I I say what I say, I do what I do, and then you know, internet can have at her, but I I genuinely find that that one take and getting it done that first time and leave it as is. Um and I I don't start recording again because I'm like, well, I I don't I don't think I'm angry enough or I don't think that I'm I'm I'm happy enough or like none of that. Uh, there are times where I will forget to mention something and I go, I I can't I can't post that. I forgot to mention this part. Um, or I'll say something and I go, people are going to take that the wrong way. I need to go back and start over. Um, which sometimes makes me upset with myself a little bit, but not not nearly as much as it as it used to. I I try not to get too emotional all over all these things. Uh, April 19th of 2023, I made a video on the uh obstacles to a Quak Nordique's return. I really haven't had to touch on that topic much at all since then. That video still generates a lot of views. Um, nothing's really changed over the last three years in terms of getting a team back in Quebec. And so I feel like that video has aged pretty well. Um, and that's the key thing, too, is evergreen content. It's got to age well or else it's not going to be very evergreen, is it? So, we went I went from living over a pizza place to being squished into a townhouse. My first date with Ivonne was September 9th of 2016. There was plenty of concern on the channel in September of 2016 because the channel wasn't very big yet. And people told me that there were other small channels that as they started to get bigger, well then that that creator would get a girlfriend and he'd stop posting cuz all of a sudden he's not lonely anymore. He's not depressed anymore and he he doesn't have the need to record every day. I would uh I'd record videos for the channel when my workday was done at my regular job and then Ivonne and I would would meet up and she'd come to my apartment and she'd sit quietly off camera while I recorded all my videos for the day. And then we go have a date and I did that every day. So, yep, I was I was dedicated and I I made sure that yeah, I've got a girlfriend now, but this is this is where I want to be. I want to be making videos. I want to be, you know, doing YouTube videos. and whether it was going to work or it wasn't. I think part of it is too that in a previous relationship, I had been told by by my ex, I was also told by my daughter at the time, "Don't do YouTube videos. It won't work. It won't work. You're going to embarrass the family. Don't do it." Cuz I talked about it. They were like, "No, no, you can't do it. You you're you're not going to you're not going to succeed. You're just going to embarrass yourself. Don't do it." And so I didn't. I didn't back then. And and if I had, I I would have been on YouTube before there were advertisements and all that back in the what some consider to be the golden days of YouTube, depending on how old you are and all that. Uh but yeah, so I was squished into the townhouse and then we got our our our house, which was what we term the BC box. And if you live in British Columbia, you know what a BC box house looks like. Uh back in the 80s, they were all the rage. Everybody had one. And now they're a lot of them are getting torn down cuz they aren't necessarily built to last. Uh and then finally we ended up in this house when that house got sold and our landlords from that house allowed us to rent this one because uh they had sold the other one and we had no interest in staying in the other one. Um it was it was not a not a great abode. And actually for people who may not know the house that we were in the videos that I made back then that house has been torn down. It's gone. Uh it's just it's just it's a dirt pile now. It's it's gone. It is. So, yeah, that that when you look at that set, you can say to yourself, "Wow, that house is gone now." Insane. Uh the the the apartment over the pizza place though still exists. It's still there. Um and the town houses are still there. So, that's only one out of four that are are gone. Um I am at that age though where I can point to places and go that didn't used to be there and that used to be this and this used to be that and back back in my day. Anyways, so going through this now. Um, I've talked about the madness videos and keep it simple. So, I know I'm up to 24 minutes, but I try to keep everything simple. When I talk about hockey, I try to keep it in simple terminology. I do get the analytics in there a bit, but I try to keep that as simple and as surface level as possible, too, because most people aren't necessarily going to want all of the nuts and bolts and all the technicalities of it. And so I try to keep it simple and when I'm doing the reviews and the previews, I don't get into the, "Well, this guy turned left at the red line. He should have turned right." Well, if you look at his eyes here, you can see he's looking around. And like I've I've watched all these in between periods things. And I find as a hockey fan, I don't necessarily learn a lot. Um, I I I don't I I feel like actually learning from watching these in between periods segments uh stopped about 15 years ago and it just became, hey, let's just watch some highlights and talk about how great all these guys are and I I kind of feel like I know I watched that period of hockey. So now in between periods I turn the channel. I watch the news. I might throw on Big Bang Theory because I already I already know that I I know it's not a great show. It doesn't have to be. It's just it's mindless noise in the background uh in between periods while I'm probably, you know, having something to drink or maybe having a snack uh and just just relaxing a little bit. So, obviously during the regular season, I don't have that because it's usually really busy, but I I don't watch the in between period stuff. I don't I don't find I learn from it as much as I used to, which is too bad. It's it's too bad, but I don't. They've got all the teleustrator stuff and all the lines on the ice and everything. I'm like, I don't you don't you don't need that. Uh, but as I mentioned to historical versus current events, I love making videos on historical stuff. They don't do very well. Uh, it doesn't stop me from making those videos, but it does mean like I did the year-by-year NHL history videos. I don't need to do those again. I've done it twice. I will I never need to go back to that again. Um, videos looking at overall history of franchises. I've done that twice. I don't know that I need to do that again. I'm thinking about doing uh something more modified and just focusing on the last 10 years because TSHG at 10 years. So they're 10 years that we've experienced on the channel, right? A little bit different. Uh so I may do that this summer. We'll see. Uh career videos. The earliest career video that used a similar format to what I use now is November 25, November 25th, even 2017. I did a video on SATN. And that was the first time that I'd actually had the stats on the board and and some magnets, although not like I do it now. Uh I did look at just the the the setup I had back then. I'm like, "Okay, first off, cameras at the wrong angle. I don't have any room." Um that taken one is just one that I'm not going to redo it because I feel like there was enough stuff in that other one that I don't have to redo it, but I'm I'm not necessarily entirely happy with how that one looks at this point in time. Um, and the one the one one year that I I really thought I had something and then it just just didn't pan out. I did videos on truly awful seasons, so like the Washington Capitals first year where they had eight wins and great seasons without a cup and talking about seasons where teams did really really well during the regular season and then just nose dive come playoff time. And I was kind of surprised those videos didn't do really well. But it it was another example of the historical stuff doesn't necessarily hit the current event stuff does. And even if I feel like there's not a lot to talk about in current events, I know that's going to do better than anything historical. I'll discuss the career videos. One of the reasons why I do still make as many career videos as I do and I enjoy doing them. I know that hockey players like when I do career videos, um I've had I've talked about this how I've had hockey players in the NHL actually reach out to me after I've done a career video on them. Um, before I did a video on Ray Ferraro, there was a potential that Ray Ferraro might have been involved in that video. I would love to actually, you know, have a discussion with Ray Ferraro on the channel. Uh, I think that would be great. I've talked before about wanting to do like interviews with with former hockey players. It It's never come around and I've never really overly worried about it. I think last year I was thinking more about it cuz revenues were really in a scary place, but I talked about that in the ad video. And so I I was looking for something else that might, you know, boost things a little bit. Uh but yeah, I've I've kept it as simple as I can, keep it to one take. And yeah, uh I I was doing four or five videos a day. I still do four or five videos a day depending on the day. Sometimes it's three. Um and then uh I I made sure that there was less personal talk. So early on it wasn't all that out of that out of the realm of possibility. You might see my my son in the background of a video. Um, you might hear Ivonne talking off screen when we were first together. But I learned early on that I needed to make sure I was the only one that was on screen. You didn't hear anybody offscreen. And I didn't talk about the personal stuff quite so much. Uh, cuz I had to separate my personal life from what was going from being just a hobby of talking about hockey to 20 25 people a day to being an actual channel where thousands of people might be watching. So, I had to really dial it back, get a little more professional in my delivery. Uh, and eventually I settled on welcome back as the the the greeting I used in videos, which is very generic. A lot of YouTubers use it. But anytime that I don't use welcome back at the start of a video, I'll see I don't feel welcome. Why didn't he say welcome back? This is a mess. Why did he do this? So, there you go. But thank you guys so much for those of you who've been with me on this journey from the beginning or near the beginning. And for those who have joined up recently, hey, welcome to the channel. Um, one thing I've always tried to make sure as well is that I don't care if you followed hockey for 50, 60 years. I don't care if you're just learning the game. Everybody's equally welcome in my books. And I think it's great when the NHL goes to new markets. I think it's great when new fans come in. I don't care if they're in the US South. I don't care if they're in White Horse. I don't care if they're in St. John's. I don't care if they're in Anaheim. I don't care where they are. they're hockey fans and they want to talk hockey and they show up on this channel, they want to have a discussion. I think that's great. And uh and obviously for those who are in Europe and and elsewhere as well. Um one thing too, and I I did say this last time I talked to Brody Brazil before he started filming is that when I make videos now, I still don't think about how many people are watching them. I don't think about how many subscribers I have on the channel. That's never a consideration. I don't chase that viral moment because you're you're going to drive yourself crazy chasing it. I just look at the dayto-day on the channel and go, "Yeah, things are going pretty well." And that's that. And then usually when I get up in the morning, I may not know what I'm going to do videos about that day. Uh that does change during the offseason. I have to know what I'm going to talk about during the offseason because we do hit a period where free agents are signed, the draft is done. Um, there's not a whole lot of news going on and we're a good seven or eight weeks before training camp. So, that's where I have to come up with the lists. Although, playlists, you have to be careful, too, because people don't generally get into the playlists quite as much. You kind of have to hide that it's a playlist a lot of the time. So, if you look at how I did the videos years ago on teams that were eliminated from the playoffs or teams that missed the playoffs, you compare it to now. Now, the the channel the titles are different, I don't say anything about it being a playlist other than at the start of a video. And uh yeah, I find that they perform much better that way. It's it's odd to me, but that's it's just that's how the the viewings viewing experience is. And I'll close on this. I have always had uh the the advice from others. I've had advice from family, from friends, from people who don't know me on the on the internet, people who do, uh, from YouTube themselves on, you know, how to garner more views and more attention and all that. But I've always kind of just trusted my gut and when things don't work, I've I've found a way to pivot. And that's the important thing is just finding a way to pivot and finding what works and sticking with that. So that's why I stick with the reviews. That's why I stick with and previews. I have a very uh robust audience when it comes to the preview videos. Uh it's a small audience, but they're they're dedicated. Every preview video does roughly the same. And I've tried to evolve those previews, too. So, the information given in those videos is a little bit different than it used to be. And uh yeah, and obviously the power rankings are a weekly thing uh because that's that's what the people have told me that they want. So you guys you guys can tell me with views and everything what you want and I I have no problem with producing that content. But thank you guys so much for your your help along the way in this journey and uh looking forward to making videos for the next 10 years and beyond. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. Uh no intention like even if I was say 75 80 years of age, I will still be standing I mean I might not be standing as often but I'll still be in front of a whiteboard. uh that I will make sure I write on myself and producing content daily for all you fine people on the internet. It is really important and for people who are going through a really tough time and I was one of those people many years back uh I will produce daily content because whatever you're going through whether it's loss of some sort, depression, whatever it is, if me making daily videos helps at all, I'll do it. And if it helps one person, then I'll do it for that one person. If it helps a lot of people, then I'll do it for a lot of people. Uh but I I have run across people in person. I've seen it on the internet as well. Uh saying, "Your videos really help." And I'm going through this right now and thank you. Uh ranging from, you know, people going through divorce, going going through the loss of a family member, loss of a pet, uh people going through illness, and and my videos are like this. this daily reminder that things are still normal somewhere and they can just forget for that brief period of time what's going on with them. So that's important and I'm I'm glad that I can provide that service for people as it was provided to me before I had a channel where YouTube videos reminded me things could be normal. And so there you go. Thank you guys so much for your support. It is greatly and grandly appreciated. Hit like and subscribe if you haven't done so already. Even though this is a weird video to hit the like and subscribe necessarily on. Well, like is fine. Subscribe's interesting though. If this is the one that finally convinces you to subscribe, welcome. Uh, that being said, I'm done for now. I will talk to you again soon. Probably about free agents, maybe about the draft. We'll see.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ExplodingHaggis: That Pro Set first year was comical at best.
  2. @andrewtormanen: Yeah I like getting to go and find videos in a playlist, but saying that the videos are part of a series cheapens the experience for some reason. While watching them, I tend to enjoy thinking of it as a one-off since there isn't a story connecting the videos.
  3. @DJ_Garth: YOU DID HOW MANY TAKES?
  4. @OerlikonNoerd: Thanks for everything Shannon
  5. @johnguay4168: Best hockey YouTube out there
  6. @elyse6629: Congrats on 10 years. I started watching you in 2016 just before the draft you help make me go from just a fan of the Rangers to a Hockey fan in general. I love the sport so much more from watching your channel and the commentary that goes on in the comments sections too. Just wanted to thank you for what you have created.
  7. @trapjohnson: Fanatics NEEDS to stop simplifying all the jersey sets while still charging the same prices. STL was HOSED
  8. @Beardedwelder14: I watch almost every video you post especially the history ones I love learning all the history of the nhl I’ve been subscribed since 2021-2022 season so thank you for the years of content I’ve got to watch you put a lot of time and effort into these videos and they are high quality
  9. @Matheo05: Congrats on 300 M views! 🎉
  10. @markroberts9577: I have been a follower of this channel since 2019
  11. @Ratzy1614: Dang, 10 years of Canucks apathy
  12. @bjdon99: The time value of money is undefeated
  13. @quincee3333: Awesome stuff. Keep up the great work. Congratulations!
  14. @mastermariner1991: Thank you for providing these videos. I appreciate your knowledge and opinions. Being a true fan of any team is providing hope and a reason to get up every morning. I've been watching the Leaf's since 1963 and maybe will see the cup in Toronto again. And for you, hopefully the Canucks will pull one out of the hat also!
  15. @Tracee_O: Found you about a year ago, and it's been a lot of fun.   Knowing that there's going to be a THG video makes the crazy days a bit more settled.
  16. @RHM11.DonairGuy: Shannon I had a light go on in my head. Do you have a favorite eatery in Abbotsford or Chilliwack maybe Langley. How about extend an invitation to a local media personality like a Ray Ferraro and maybe shoot a 15 minute to 30 minute discussion where you talk about hockey, their career since and family maybe a hobby like golf. See if a local eatery might want to sponsor you with say the meals in exchange for a Channel recognition spot? Try something new.
  17. @meg3902: Thanks for the summery of your channel history. Nice so is 10 years, one day at a time.
  18. @Andyyy48: panic index videos are funniest to watch, news video are also fun and i only watch power rankings videos for the memes. Before i also watched match reviews and previews, but they are too long and i can get same info from stats page, so i dont watch those anymore. I miss random topic videos during NHL season, you should make more those, not only in summer break😁
  19. @ihatenaps: if you find yourself forgetting to mention things as you redo takes, maybe try checking them off on the whiteboard so you know what and what you haven’t mentioned yet
  20. @amaalecule: Incredible to think The Hockey Guy is 10 years old

- How to make a viral video - Viral Video: Kind: captions Language: ru Он был предложен мной, как лучший специалист Вот и он. Адам! Это Алан, он будет вести рекламный проект со стороны клиента Привет, рад знакомству Я тоже, наслышан о вас Ох, благодарю Мы как раз обсуждаем рекламный ролик, который сейчас в разработке Отлично Адам, с самого начала ты делаешь потрясающие проекты Шикарная работа Действительно впечатляет Что ж, большое спасибо Мы хотим продолжить текущее сотрудничество с вашей фирмой Потому что мы впечатлены роликами, которые вы создали Очень впечатлены Рад слышать! Однако, в головном офисе идут обсуждения Да уж, работают, не покладая рук И мы пытаемся набросать идеи и найти способы, как улучшить нашу рекламу Отлично, я весь внимание Адам, мы хотим, чтобы следующее видео Стало вирусным! Вы хотите, чтобы видео стало вирусным?.. Адам, мы вложили кучу денег в исследование рынка И обнаружили, что когда видео становится вирусным Оно превлекает много внимания Соответственно, люди конвертируются в просмотры Ты можешь это сделать? Что ж, я думаю мы можем попробовать сделать его вирусным Мы бы предпочли - мы можем сделать его вирусным Поддерживаю Извините, позвольте прояснить: Моя команда сделает лучшую рекламу, которую только возможно представить Но мы не можем сделать ее вирусной Извините, я... я не знаю, зачем он.. ..все усложняет Адам, зачем ты все усложняешь? Потому что "стать вирусным" это то, что прям невозможно предсказать! Это включает.. оно живет само по себе.. Так стоп.. вы.. Вы предлагаете сделать это видео.. Разумным? Что? Это вообще возможно? Сделать видео.. C самосознанием Нет! Черт! Я действительно подумал, что мы к чему-то пришли Вот жеж! Окей... окей... Как нам сделать его вирусным..? Ладно! Вернемся к обсуждению Хорошо. Какие еще способы сделать видео вирусным? Что. Нравится. Людям? Щеночки! Щеночки, прекрасно Что еще? Нет, насколько мне известно Ппп-перед тем, как мы углубимся в это Не могли ли бы вы описать мне, что за видео вы хотите сделать Какие-нибудь примеры или отсылки? Так, я уверен, мы наткнулись на что-то, но мы можем вернуться к этому позднее Согласен По поводу источников вдохновения, я бы сказал.. Реклама Old Spice Напомните, какой у нас бюджет? Одна тысяча долларов Адам, дело в том, что реклама Old Spice получила сотни миллионов просмотров Мы хотим похожего результата Он хочет похожего результата Ллл-ладно. Отложим бюджет Это не так, что я могу нажать на кнопку "сделать вирусным" когда я загружа... Так, подожите Извините. Вы имеете в виду, что существует кнопка "сделать вирусным" Которую можно нажать и не сказали об этом сразу? Иии-извините, я имел в виду, что невозможн... Адам! Просто нажми кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Ну правда же! Мой вам совет Каждый раз, когда мы заливаете видео Действительно! Нажимайте на чертову кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Слушайте этого человека, он знает, о чем говорит! Что ж, ребята, знаете что мы для вас сделаем? Мы на нажмем на "вирусную" кнопку! Так. Теперь напомните, что за продукт мы рекламируем? Ага! Мы специализируемся на удобрениях Ну конечно же.. И бюджет - тысяча долларов, так? Так, что-то в этом роде Отлично! Мы сделаем вам вирусное видео о дерме! Обожаю этого парня Я говорил, что он хорош

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasKraze: That fingersnap at the end
  2. @BoyleeDalton: And the video went viral tho
  3. @WhatBananas: "Only pay for what you need."™ 

Their adds will always be well remembered to me.
  4. @natben6099: the sound is terrible
  5. @JellySquid55: Tbh, they almost had me with the self awareness video 😂
  6. @405dewey: This is literally what Dominos pizza is doing in the US right now. They are just calling their new pizza deal “viral” as if that makes it so. Immediately thought of this clip.
  7. @PatriciaSullivan-o1m: Wilson Cynthia White Susan White Donna
  8. @jdotoz: "I was thinking that this time you could make a good product."
  9. @deadrussianliberal2897: Viral Video About Shit

I believe that’s a reference.
  10. @MatthewKai-cf8ld: This makes me want to go ssj 3 on Rowan and Alan bc this was just crazy one sided between actual brain activity verses idiocy
  11. @mohammedbarakat1227: for the first time Alan is Rowan-dumb 😂😂
  12. @CaleAi928: Sheesh when is the viral button unlocked on youtube? 

After you reach a million subscribers?
  13. @JMetz: Yes, but can you make 7 perpendicular lines? In the shape of a kitten?
  14. @2macki332: To make a video go viral today in 2024 one needs to analyze the algorithm that is recommending videos to people and once enough knowledge is acquired trick the algorithm to spread your video :)
  15. @proxy90909: I feel like this video costed more than that "marketing campaign"
  16. @Userxxx333: Actually if you have enough budget to spend you can actually make something go viral.
  17. @NityaVlogsjubi: I m from India
  18. @KingCauz: Both : we specialize in fertilizers
Alan : of course u do .. 

😂😂😂 damn roll ... thats confirm that they only know sh**
  19. @orctrihar: Of course there is no buttons.. there just a way to do it who will make it popular.
  20. @abezth7506: The thing with going viral is that it depends on the consumer. If they prefer tomorrow something that took no effort but they somehow like, no matter the effort put into something, whatever you do to counter it, it will usually not matter.