- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @eikooc-elppa: Just started my channel yesterday. Thanks for this vid!
  6. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  7. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  8. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  9. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  10. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  11. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  12. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  13. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  14. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  15. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  16. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  17. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  18. @JQLShorts: W
  19. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  20. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here

- How to f**king cheat the YouTube algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en I used to think the YouTube algorithm wasn't fair. And you know this feeling. You upload every week. You edit your video for eight hours straight. You spend so much time making content, yet you still have nothing to show for it. I was exactly the same. I used to think I just wasn't good enough for this YouTube thing until I started seeing these tiny channels get hundreds of thousands of views. And then I realized I wasn't boring. I just didn't know how to play the game. But once I did, I got a million views, quit my job, and made over $120,000 last year with YouTube alone. So, yes, the algorithm is unfair. But before you quit YouTube forever, make one more video and implement this one thing that I'm going to show you. It changed my life forever, and it might change yours, too. So, let me show you how to play the game of YouTube the easy way. The first thing you need to understand is that you are drunk on failure. Let me explain. Every time you upload a video that fails, you not only get zero views, but you also took a shot of vodka. And the more you fail, the more you get drunk, which makes it harder to make a good video because you are literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drunk. Think about it like this. If you got hit by a train and you had to get surgery to save your life, would you A want the surgeon to be clear-minded, sober, and be ready to save your life, or B have the surgeon walk in 12 shots deep off the henny? You'd obviously want the doctor that's clear-minded because he's not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your surgery up and kill you. And believe it or not, it's the same thing with YouTube. Your video is like a surgery and you need to be a good surgeon because everything has to be good. Your thumbnail needs to be good. Your idea needs to be good. Your scripting needs to be good. Even your vibe needs to be good. Take all your past failures, throw them in a mental box. Lock this imaginary said box, swallow the key, and throw it as far as you can down the river. Once you do this, congratulations. You have a clear mind and you can now make a video that gets views. Now, before I tell you this one thing that will make your next video explode, there's some bad news. Your ideas are actually really bad. Okay? They've been done a million times before and they have no emotion or story. And you're so entitled to the point that you assume people care about you. Do you really think a person that's never seen you before in their life will click on your video? That's called being egotistical, man. Look, I want you to tattoo this on your ass so you never forget. People don't care about your videos until you make them care about your videos. I mean, look at my own content. I'll be honest. I have videos that have a,000 views and I have videos that have 200,000 views. The reason why is because this video doesn't make people care. But this video made 200,000 plus people care. And the simple reason why is because the video idea made them care by intriguing them on their desires and their pains. Just like my guy Derek, who's a part of my community winners club, made videos that went nowhere until he started making people care with his video ideas. Derek's videos here have less than a thousand views or whatever the case may be. And Dererick's video here, aka his latest video, has 72,000 views. All because he tweet his video ideas to play into his viewers desires and pains. Okay, so now you understand that you're drunk and your video ideas suck. You can now know the one secret that will separate your channel from the rest of your competition. And I am confident you haven't heard this before from any other grow on YouTube guy. Now before I tell you this, I am not sponsored. I am not affiliated with this software in any way. I am literally just a guy that is sharing some secret sauce that I honestly should be charging for. And I genuinely use this. Okay, now before you grab the pitchforks and burn me to a cross, here's the secret. AI. Now, wo wo. Look, don't click out the video yet. I'm not going to sit here straightfaced and tell you to make AI brain rot YouTube automation [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which by the way is 99% of the time BS. This isn't a video telling you to use Chat JBT, Claude AI, Deepseek, or any of those other popular programs. I honestly only heard one guy ever talk about this program, and coming from someone that isn't sponsored or affiliated in any way. It is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hack for growing on YouTube. It's called Cortex. Now, can you press one button and have it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out a viral video for you? Of course not. But what it can do is give you a competitive edge from all of your competitors. Cuz think about it, in 2022, AI was really bad. But in 2025, you can barely tell the difference between what's real and fake. You have AI therapists. You have AI art that damn near looks like a human made it. Even my most popular thumbnails were made with AI [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even this thumbnail is probably going to be made with AI. My point being is that AI is literally only getting better because it tracks your data. It tracks your viewing habits. It knows exactly what you like. It knows exactly what you hate. It pretty much knows you inside and out. And the craziest part about all this is that you can access this wealth of knowledge with the very same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] machine that you're watching this video on. The key is to make the robots do the work for you. and I'm going to show you how to use Cortex to make a viral video. I'm going to show you not only Cortex, but how I use Chat GPT in a crazy way. But first of all, this is literally like the whole video. Why do I like Cortex? Well, basically, it's AI on steroids, especially for your script writing and figuring out exactly who your target audience is. And I'm just going to pretty much briefly go over this real quick. So, first of all, there's a bunch of options like be my creative sparring partner. You can literally go back and forth with an AI that knows literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything in the universe to help you become more creative with your YouTube videos, get better ideas, etc. Edit your writing, generate 50 plus content ideas, generate viral social posts, write a thread or carousole, YouTube newsletter or article draft, and market is where it gets really, really crazy. And I'm just going to briefly go over this cuz, you know, you could pretty much go through this yourself. But what you want to do when you go to market is go to custom avatar generator. And it's going to ask you a bunch of questions. So, first of all, a brief description of my target audience is like people that want to grow on YouTube. And it's going to ask you like 30 plus questions like what is the age range, etc., etc. And I'll even show you mine right now. Once it asked me all these questions, it basically gave me the whole demographics, psychoraphics, buying behavior, media consumption, brand relationship, etc. of my target audience. And what I did is I used this I threw it in chat GBT and I basically used this as a thumbnail reviewer. So these are some of the thumbnails that I have for this video in specific and I actually just made another one which is not here but I asked thoughts compare it to how compare it to the how to get viewers addicted thumbnail and it'll basically give me the pros and the cons. It will rate the thumbnails and it will give me like fresh variants/ ideas and it'll basically tell me exactly why like this one video I made a while ago is better than these thumbnails. And it basically just gives me the truth like these thumbnails are not as good as the thumbnail that got me 200 plus,000 views. And I'm just going to use this as a sparring partner essentially to pretty much get this thumbnail good to the point where it gets thousands of views. And you can literally ask it just anything. So right here I said, "Give me some other ideas for thumbnails." Just prompts for ideas. Pepe behind a control panel. Pepe stealing from YouTube HQ. PP with a cheat code screen. Pepe injecting USB into algorithm. And then I was like, yo, I actually like this USB idea. So then I made this thumbnail right here. And then what I said was, I like this idea. Bang, bang, bang. And it said it like the idea as well. So, this is literally just how I use AI to pretty much cheat the YouTube algorithm. Have a great day. And I have one more thing to show you. So, if you want me to help you with your YouTube channel, I would highly recommend checking out Winners Club. If you want to stop making videos that tank in views and finally want to do something on YouTube, I'd highly recommend checking us out. We do weekly group calls. There's tons of wins and testimonials on my website and in the school. And like I said, there's a sale going on right now. So, if you want to check that out, check that out. and I can't wait to help you grow on YouTube. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tankers4Change [11 likes]: Another Chat GPT Tip: There is a voice to text feature. USE IT. 

If you are a person who has trouble verbalizing ideas or needs to verbalize ideas to make them more understandable, clear, or concise, use this tool. 

I do it all the time and it has massively helped for shaping how I want my scripts to be organized. You can also ask it to identify weaknesses in your hook, or add a rhetorical question in a place that fits inside your script for better engagement. 

Along with what was shared in this video , this makes video production so much easier.
  2. @LizardAppsChannel [7 likes]: This new style is crazy, you did a REALLY good job and it plays on emotions so well. Genius stuff.
  3. @JunaidAhmadHashmi [4 likes]: Algorithm is simple for shorts, Shorts video will ONLY get viral if audience retention is 100%, Valid views are more than 70% (people who watched vs Swiped away) and like/dislike ratio is more than 90%, fall below any of that and video will start freezing on views, speaking from personal experience.
  4. @Sid_this_side [2 likes]: 5:00 yes because it is his software, so he talked about it....Sure the software is good but doesnt take away the fact it is his software.

Also it is wrapper, nothing wrong with it but it is not using their own ai rather using the other ai and top of that we have uiux.And the software can spit those content out cause behind the ui the prompts already been pre-fed ✌
  5. @Psythoria [1 likes]: What a visual Bro😂
  6. @MaccabeesMartyrs [1 likes]: Based W Video
  7. @moneymaxing: 👉 vidIQ is the tool I used to grow this channel (and find viral ideas) — $1 with my link: https://vidiq.com/moneymaxing
  8. @EminAlshewani: I swear I don't give a f being a bad person anymore. Imma pretend its hard to find a job f all this I want the consumerism life and not give a damn about the herd 😮
  9. @rokrok27: how do u make these videos
  10. @Goblinbut: I work better with a 5.9 buzz
  11. @JohnStory-Teller: Every second of this was worth it—no cap.
  12. @MrRubberDuck: the thumbnail is fire bro keep up the great work
  13. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  14. @TheFNStickman: How do I throw the key if I swallowed it? 🤔
  15. @JustHowManyCats: This is good video man! To all new content creator like me, good luck!
  16. @cbsmc2227: I truly appreciate you for this gold.
  17. @MiekaTheHabitCoach: Straight gold thank you 🔥
  18. @lovepoweredup: New ai to play with, yippee... 🙈
  19. @itzzuyy: Thanks for the tool!
  20. @DesDreckett: Awesome video and tool

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- This video breaks the algorithm.: Kind: captions Language: en Please turn your playback speed to 25% and turn on closed captioning if you don't do this none of this video will make sense at all. Hello, I'm dapz, and I know this video is very different from the "impossible" videos I [normally] make. But I've been wondering about this for a few months and now that I have an audience on youtube, I feel like it's finally time for me to test my hypothesis. Basically, the youtube algorithm most favors 3 metrics. Click through rate, watch time, and retention rate. Retention rate is how much of a video a person watches in percent. And I found through testing on another channel and a video by VidIQ (link in description) If your audience slows down the playback speed of your video to like let's say 25% the retention rate will be counted as [up to] 400% which is MADLY high. The purpose of this video is to test whether or not youtube has safeguards in place to prevent the abuse of this. Especially since it's not really disallowed in the community guidelines. (though it is unethical) If this experiment works and this video is recommended across youtube that kinda proves my point and I can easily propose some solutions to that problem. If it turns out that Youtube did think of this already, and they already fixed this issue so it cannot be abused, whatever. This isn't about me being proven right. Whatever the outcome of this video is, I learned something, and that's all that matters to me. Now, sure there are issues about making people watch videos at slower speeds. For one, with 25% as an example, the frame rate of the video will be MAXIMUM 15 frames per second. Also, the audio quality will take a significant hit, especially since youtube's audio slowdown thing is not really perfect. but I'm sure someone smarter and more determined than me (basically anyone) can find a way to mess with the audio to make it sound completely normal. when slowed down. So if you stayed till

  Top Comments:
  1. @dapz [21000 likes]: Follow up vid: https://youtu.be/SLYdgp2H554

This is my most viewed vid now, I think I prove my point

Edit: I’ve been told from a very credible source that this video’s retention rate is insane because of people rewatching the video

As of 3/20/2022 it is now third most viewed
  2. @LotaMotion [2 likes]: I started my channel four months ago and just hit 20 Subscribers! Motivation is high everyone keep going it’s all about being consistent :)
  3. @harshi-harschlag-mt-kola [1 likes]: I got this recommend after 4 years 😅
  4. @Gnab1e [1 likes]: 4 years later 😅
  5. @danielcooney1840 [1 likes]: Does anyone else think it would be really funny if someone printed a bunch of QR codes sticker that linked to this video and use it to cover up other QR codes? 
Do you think this video would go viral again years later?
I wouldn’t ever do that, but I was just curious if anyone else thinks it would be funny?
  6. @AndreyHoang: Thank, i slowed it to 0,1x so its gonna be 1000%.
  7. @krishnaprasadgautam9832: Why?? , I can make 2.1x video😂
  8. @arnavjain.: lmao
  9. @Onlyinohiogriddy: 6x
  10. @ant_6719: 4x
  11. @jellyfishin-water9331: 00:00 
Too soon for 2x 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @blaisy7356: Why am I hearing a alien did they escape from area 51
  13. @MHE-xp7lz: Recommended 4 years later, i think it may have worked
  14. @FLUNES: well it was on my home page, so i assume it worked
  15. @its.hopeee: Got this recommended after 4 years 😭
  16. @jacquiswartz3747: I put this on loop and ate lunch so I hope that helps.
  17. @Voidality: Funny thing i understood it tho i didn't put the speed on that
  18. @greenandbrown-blue: What's even going on
  19. @HollywoodPulse-18kanu: This is acually a 1.25 minute video
  20. @ABResearch-wi3br: Good

- The NEW Youtube Algorithm Hack Blowing Up Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a new or small channel, your videos get shown to maybe a hundred people, 20 of them watch if you're lucky, then YouTube just gives up on it. But here's the thing, channels that break out fast aren't more talented or working harder. They just understand four specific signals that YouTube needs from small channels that nobody really talks about. And once you know them, breaking out becomes almost mechanical. In this video, I'll show you the four easy steps that can get any channel out of small channel hell in as little as 30 to 60 days. And later on, I'll even share the brand new content wall strategy that can work even faster. It's definitely the nuclear option here, but it's been shown to absolutely explode new and small channels recently. If you've been wondering if YouTube's treating your channel differently, you're not imagining things. It definitely is. YouTube's algorithm makes completely different decisions for channels under a thousand subscribers. And it's not because they hate you or they don't want you to succeed. YouTube's just an algorithm. It doesn't run on vibes. It runs on data. And you just haven't given them enough of it yet. You know, think about it. When you've only uploaded 10, 20 videos, YouTube has maybe a few thousand total views worth of data about your content. Now, compare that to a channel with 500 videos and millions of views. YouTube knows exactly who watches them, what titles work, what thumbnails get clicked. For small channels, YouTube is essentially flying blind. So, it shows your video to a small test group, maybe 50 to 100 people, and if they don't immediately engage, YouTube basically just stops the test. It just doesn't have enough confidence to risk showing it to more people. This is why small channels all see that same frustrating pattern. a little spike of impressions, then flatline, then maybe another tiny spike days later. YouTube's testing your video in bursts, trying to collect data, but without enough information to know who actually wants your content. But there are four tried and trueue steps you can take to increase the data you give YouTube with each video and speed up this hell phase so you can get to the good stuff waiting for you on the other side. The biggest mistake I see small channels make is trying to copy what Mr. Beast or other huge channels are doing with their titles. They'll use these vague curiosity based titles like you won't believe what happened or this changed everything. And then they're shocked when YouTube shows it to 50 people and then completely gives up. Here's the thing. Those titles only work when YouTube already has a ton of data about who watches your content. When you're small, YouTube has no clue who would want that video. But there's actually a much better way for small channels to get discovered, and most creators completely discount it. Search. You've probably heard this one before, but YouTube is the second biggest search engine in the world. It still is. And if you're using YouTube to help clients find you, search is the most highly targeted way to make that happen. People typing specific questions into YouTube are literally raising their hand saying, "I need help with this exact problem." So, instead of guessing what might go viral, you need to find out what people in your niche are actually searching for. And the easiest way to do that is just go to YouTube's search bar and start typing in topics related to your business. YouTube's going to autocomplete it with real searches that people are making, and it's usually in the order of how many people are searching for it. And the more words that show up in that suggestion, the better. We call these longtail keywords and you're going to have way less competition for those. Now, for service businesses, the best starting point is simple FAQs that your ideal clients would search for when they know they have a problem. You know, things like how to get consulting clients without cold calling or how to make a small room look bigger or when to overseed your lawn and fall. Whatever applies to your specific expertise. And you know, admittedly, these aren't sexy titles, but they're exactly what your future clients are typing in when they need help. Once you find these searches, you need to put the exact phrase in your title. Not a clever variation, not a shortened version, the exact phrase that people are searching for. Then include it in your description, too. As close to the beginning as possible. This gives YouTube crystal clear signals on what your video is about, which is crucial when the algorithm doesn't really have other data to work with. And look, I know searchbased titles aren't as exciting as trying to go viral. But when you're in small channel hell, search is your lifeline. It's how you get those first consistent views that tell YouTube which people actually want your content. And by the way, this Monday starts my twice a year special enrollment week of YouTube to clients academy where you can learn my exact system for starting a client generating YouTube channel plus weekly small groupoup coaching with me. So click the link in the description to learn more about that. Now back to the video. When someone sees your video with 47 views sitting next to one with 47,000 views, their brain makes an instant decision and it's not in your favor. It's not fair, but it's human psychology. Your thumbnail is the only weapon you have against this bias. It has to be so compelling that it overrides their natural instinct to click on the safer choice with more views. But here's the key. It's not just about looking good. Your thumbnail needs to instantly communicate that this video has the specific answer they're searching for. It needs to sell the intrigue and promise that this is more targeted, more helpful than those generic videos with thousands of views. And I recently analyzed over a thousand outlier videos. You know, videos that massively outperform their channel's average. And here's what actually works. First, you want a maximum of three elements in your thumbnail. Now, I know you want to cram in more probably, but the human brain literally can't process more than that in the split second of someone scrolling. And the most successful thumbnails I saw had either a face text in one object or just two of those elements done really well. And color is also huge. Don't go with drab or muddy colors. You really do want to lean into brighter, bolder colors. They just force people to stop scrolling. I know on my channel whenever I do a thumbnail like this, it definitely outperforms the thumbnails like this. And I think it's mostly because of the color. And showing your face usually works better than not, too. But not just any smiling head shot. You want to show what we call anticipatory emotions. Now, based on the data, excited faces showed up in 25% of successful thumbnails. Shocked faces in about 18%. Why? Well, because these emotions make people curious about what caused that reaction. And again, I can tell you in my own thumbnails, if I'm just smiling, I always get fewer views than if I look somewhat shocked or surprised. But here's the test that matters most. I want you to squint at your thumbnail until it's blurry. Can you still tell what it's about? Because 70% of YouTube watching happens on mobile devices and your thumbnail is going to be tiny. So, if it doesn't work when it's small and blurry, it doesn't work. Period. Now, for small channels specifically, certain thumbnail types consistently outperform. The counterintuitive advice thumbnail works great. It can be a very natural looking image taken straight from the video itself if you want with a quote that's super intriguing because of how different it is from normal advice out there. And then transformation thumbnails that show a clear before and after tap into our curiosity about the process. And mystery thumbnails where you blur out a key element or use arrows pointing at something that we can't quite see create that information gap that people need to fill. And here's something that most small channels aren't taking advantage of. YouTube actually has built-in AB testing for thumbnails. Now, I personally test at least three versions of every thumbnail, and I actually like to make three completely different ones, but you can also test smaller things like, you know, facial expressions or the wording. But if you're not testing it all, you're leaving views on the table. What happens when a small channel posts a video about social media marketing that gets 500 views, then they post one about email automation that gets 50 views, then one about mindset that gets 100red views. They don't grow and they wonder why, right? They think they're providing value across all these different areas, but what they're actually doing is confusing the hell out of YouTube's algorithm. Remember what we talked about earlier? YouTube doesn't have enough data about your small channel to know who to show your videos to. So, when you jump between random topics, even if you can justify that they're related somehow, you're basically resetting that learning process for YouTube. Every single time they're trying to figure out if you're a marketing channel, a productivity channel, or a business channel, and eventually it just gives up trying to categorize you at all. The thing is, YouTube's algorithm is desperate to put you in a box. It wants to know exactly what your channel's about so it can recommend your videos to the right people. And when you're small, you need to make that as easy as possible for the algorithm. Now, to do that, you need to be crystal clear about who your ideal viewer is. Not small business owners. That's too broad. I'm talking about, you know, coaches who want to get clients from LinkedIn or interior designers struggling to get high-value clients or lawn care businesses trying to get commercial contracts. The more specific you can be about who you're talking to and what problem you're solving for them, the faster YouTube's going to understand your channel. Every single video you make needs to be something that that same person would be interested in. So, if they wouldn't watch all of your videos because some don't apply to them, then you're probably too scattered. And here's what everyone forgets about the algorithm. When you stay consistent and one of your videos finally hits, it creates a ripple effect, right? People who discover you through that one breakout video will go back and watch your other videos, but only if those videos are also relevant to them. If they find you through a video about retirement planning, then they click on your channel, and then they see videos about cryptocurrency and maybe a political rant, they're gone. And YouTube learns that your videos aren't related, so it kind of stops recommending them altogether. And I know this feels limiting, especially in the beginning. You know, you probably have knowledge about lots of different things that you want to share. But remember, the tighter your focus when you're small, the faster you're going to grow. Then once you have momentum, once YouTube knows exactly who your audience is, then you can start to slowly expand your scope. But most successful channels never need to. They find their lane and they own it completely. Now, I will be getting to the brand new nuclear option that can pretty much reset your channel for success in just a minute. But first, here's the uncomfortable truth about why you're stuck in small channel hell to begin with. You probably haven't posted enough. Now, I know you're already overwhelmed. You're already spending hours on each video probably. And now I'm telling you to make more. But hear me out because this might be the most important thing you hear all day. Most small channels post maybe once a week, sometimes once every two weeks, right? They spend days perfecting each video thinking quality over quantity is the answer. The brutal reality though is that YouTube needs data points to understand your channel. And every video you upload is a data point. The more data you give it, the faster it learns who watches your content, how long they stay, what makes them click, and what makes them subscribe. And the better YouTube understands your channel, the more views each individual video is going to get. So making more videos doesn't just give you more chances to be discovered, it actually makes each video perform better. There's this concept from one of my favorite business books called 10x is easier than 2x. And the idea is that sometimes massive growth comes not from doing a little bit more of everything, but from focusing intensely on one high lever activity and letting all the other stuff fall away. You know what? If for the next 6 months, YouTube became your number one marketing priority. What if instead of spreading yourself across social media networking events and cold outreach, you just went allin on YouTube and committed to not one video per week, but two. Think about what happens when you commit to more videos. First, you get more practice. You know, everyone's awkward in their first videos. I was super stiff in mine. The only way I got comfortable talking to a camera was by doing it over and over again. By video 50, you'll be so much more natural than you were at video 5. And then by video 100, you're going to be unrecognizable from where you started. Second, you're giving your audience more chances to find you. You know, every video is a new opportunity for someone to discover your channel. And when you have more videos, that one breakout video can change everything. When someone finds you through that one video that resonates perfectly with them, they'll often binge your entire back catalog, but only if there's a catalog to binge. But here's the real magic of posting more frequently. Compound improvement. So, if you just focus on making each video 1% better than the last one, after 100 videos, you're 100% better than when you started. And that's not woo woo motivational speaking. That's just math. Maybe this video you work on making better hooks. Next video you improve your thumbnail. The one after that you work on a more natural engaging delivery. These tiny improvements are going to compound into massive growth. And here's what YouTube learns with all this data. Who exactly watches your content and for how long? Which titles attract your ideal viewer versus random people? What thumbnail styles work for your specific audience? What topics bring people back for more videos? and what makes someone go from a viewer to a subscriber. Each video is going to add to this knowledge base and YouTube starts to get more confident about who to show your videos to. And remember, this isn't forever. This is a focused sprint to break you out of your small channel hell you're in right now. Once you've got momentum, once you're getting consistent views, you can dial it back if you need to. But for right now, you do need to give YouTube enough data to understand your channel. The only way to do that is with volume. Now, if that posting schedule seems too intense, I've got something else you can try that can work faster with fewer videos. And I learned this strategy from fellow YouTuber Nate Black, and he calls it the content wall. He's been working with a lot of channels implementing this exact strategy, and the results he's seeing are pretty crazy. Here's how it works. First, you need to pause all your uploads for at least a month. Now, I know that sounds counterintuitive when I just told you to post more, but this reset period is kind of critical to the plan. It clears YouTube's recent memory of your channel, and it gives you kind of a clean slate. And during that month of silence, you're not relaxing, you're preparing. Specifically, you're creating the best three videos you've ever made, all laser focused on your specific audience. Now, these videos need to be ultraargeted to one specific problem that your audience has. So, if you're a therapist, maybe all three videos are about dealing with anxiety naturally. Different techniques, different approaches, but all solving that same core problem. When you drop these videos all at once, something cool happens. YouTube sees this burst of content and starts testing all three videos at once. But here's the magic. When someone watches one of your videos, YouTube's immediately going to recommend the other two. It's kind of like forced cross-pollination between your own videos. Now, this works because of YouTube's recency bias. The algorithm loves recommending your most recent uploads, especially in end screens and suggested videos. So, when you have three recent videos instead of just one, you triple your chances of keeping someone on your channel. And the more videos they watch in one session, the stronger the signal to YouTube that your content is valuable. And check out this real data from channels that have done this. You know, this channel went from a few hundred views to one video getting over 3,000 within weeks of implementing this strategy. Then you can see here the views are still racking up consistently. But here's what's critical for this to work. These three content wall videos need to be representative of what you're going to keep making. So don't drop three tutorials if you're planning on making list style videos going forward. The wall should be a perfect sample of your channel's future. You're essentially showing YouTube, this is exactly what my channel is about now in one concentrated burst. And then after you drop the wall, you have to immediately resume a consistent posting schedule. At minimum, one video per week. Some creators boost this even more by posting daily shorts for 2 to 4 weeks after the wall. This is going to maintain your momentum and keep feeding YouTube data while you're hot. And if you're really serious about going allin on YouTube for automated client generation, I've got some great news for you. So, next week I'm running my twice a year special enrollment week for the newly updated YouTube to clients academy. This is the all-in-one system that makes it super easy to start your client generating YouTube channel without any expensive equipment, going full-time into YouTube, or having to go viral ever. And this is not just a course. It's 6 months of small groupoup coaching with me, so you get direct feedback and advice whenever you need it. Now, if you want to check out what the program is all about now, click right here. And the discount drops this Monday, October 6th, and it ends Friday, October 10th. So, hope to see you on the inside next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WesMcDowellInc [9 likes]: 🎉  Next week only, you can enroll in my signature program YouTube to Clients Academy Experience and save $200! To learn more, just go to: https://wesmcdowell.com/ytca-special-enrollment-coming-soon
  2. @thomask6846 [1 likes]: [13:40]: "If you become 1% better each video, after 100 videos you got 100% better. That's just math." Yeah, not exactly math. Math tells us: 1% better each time gives you 170% improvement after 100 videos. ;-)
  3. @AnytimeAdventuresAA [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips, just got my 11th subscription!
  4. @catstoriesandmore [1 likes]: I would argue that it does not work for all types of channels. I have a tech channel that is not growing whatever techniques I apply. And I've seen this on far better channels than mine. So your advice might work for trending niches, indeed.
  5. @re-member: Thank You ❤
  6. @Financiallyfreeauthor: I tried to test thumbnails with YouTube system, but I don’t get enough views for them to actually come up with a winner. So it doesn’t work for small channels unless you’re getting some number of views that it can determine a winner from.
  7. @MTBJaySwitzerland: Two years in now, but I only started to pay attention to my thumbnails and title since last spring. I’ll have to redo all my thumbnails, titles, descriptions tags etc for the first year. I also ruined my previous momentum with a Shorts posting spree last Summer that diverted my Channel from my target audience. I think I did almost everything you can do wrong excepted a change of content. At least I could keep that in line😂. Now my plan is to reset and take advantage of the break to cure my old videos and produce two series. I hope it will be enough to get back on track🤘
  8. @ChefLeilaniEats: Does the search based title work for both long form and shorts?
  9. @chaptersongproject: Thanks for the tips 🙏🙏🙏
  10. @DesignerUp: I'm at over 80k subs and I seemed to have completely stalled. Any advice?
  11. @CalmEmotionsMusic: Fantastic content Wes! If you enjoy relaxed atmospheric vibes, I’d love for you to check out my ambient guitar music on @RobAmbience 🌙
  12. @SpaceColonizationsCritters: Thank you
  13. @tech-no-logictech9743: Would you recommend starting 2nd and 3rd channels for those other topics?
  14. @AlentejoOutdoors4509: This doesn't work as suggest 😢
  15. @SyedaSamanGulzar: I don't understand that part of 'content wall' strategy. Why do I have to stop posting for an entire  month? Can we do content wall method on regular basis, like each month to keep boosting our channel?
Would you please answer these two questions?
  16. @mixwellkitchen: Well my channel is a cooking channel so I know exactly who my audience is.  I plan on doing 1 video a week but perhaps I should try to batch out more to get more data points.  I have been trying to make the perfect videos and maybe overthinking it.

Instead of more in depth recipes perhaps I should make faster, easier meals that I can shoot relatively quickly. Been enjoying it thus far.  I have a personal account with random stuff and 550 subs but its scattered with random topics.
  17. @TheFaithfulSketches: I did what you advise. Unlisted all my videos in order to let youtube 'reset' the algorithm for my channel and immediately lose all 1,300 watch hours! 😭😭😭
  18. @Muhammadibraheem.745: really liked how you explained everything 🙌
  19. @zenzarah: I’m still a small creator finding my voice in the self-help space — some days it’s frustrating to see so few views. Have been using AI for most content but starting to make my own videos.
  20. @LifewithArkie: I need 100 channels 😭 to cover all my interests

- Clickbait is Unreasonably Effective: Kind: captions Language: en - Can I tell you something I'm bad at? I am terrible at making clickbait. Up until two years ago, my most popular video was about a basketball being dropped from a dam with a bit of backspin. It takes off like a rocket and shoots out way further than you'd expect. This video was embedded on literally hundreds of news websites. And in its first week, it got 16.3 million views, but almost none of those views came on the YouTube platform. Why? Because I gave it this thumbnail and I called it "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect." This video is sponsored by KiwiCo. More about them at the end of the show. Now, I believe within YouTube, I'm used as an example of how not to package your video. As if to demonstrate just how bad a title and thumbnail this is, someone else re-uploaded the video with the clever title, "Basketball Dropped From Dam." And within a few weeks, that video had received tens of millions of views on YouTube. This is when YouTube gave me access to ContentID. That's the system that allows you to earn revenue when someone else re-uploads your videos, which was good, but I still wasn't very good at clickbait. So for this video, I called in an expert. I wanted to see your reaction face. Can you give me like a reaction face? Like what's a good thumbnail face? - Oh, I got you. This is a thumbnail face. (Derek laughs) I have like 10, I go through the motions of like... And then we just take the best one, I probably have like 500 of these just saved and we can just Photoshop my face on my face. That way, I don't have to do it anymore. - When I started on this platform, some 10 years ago, clickbait was less important. Subscribers were what mattered, because most of the views came from the sub feed. And videos went viral usually by getting a lot of attention elsewhere, like on Reddit or Facebook, not due to the YouTube algorithm. But once you had a big video and people subscribed, well, then your next video would likely get a lot of views from those subscribers. So YouTube would take that popular video and share it with more people. And so you'd get more subscribers in a positive feedback loop. But soon, YouTube realized that this did not create the best experience for the viewer. They discovered that showing people only videos from channels they were subscribed to led to fewer clicks, less watch time and less engagement with the site as a whole. Plus, they knew that relying on other platforms to drive traffic to viral hits was risky, since those other platforms might disable the traffic at any time. So they needed to make YouTube a destination in itself. They wanted people to come to YouTube, see videos that interested them, click on at least one of them and watch it for a while. Ideally get sucked down the YouTube rabbit hole and spend hours on the site without even noticing it. The ultimate resource is people's time and attention, and every platform is trying to capture as much of it as possible. So, to make YouTube this go-to destination, they had decrease the importance of subscribers, make it less like a podcast app where you only get the shows you're subscribed to, and more like Reddit, where stuff with the most engagement rises to the top. But that necessarily meant increasing the importance of clickbait. Now, there seems to be a paradox when it comes to clickbait. People almost universally claim to hate it, but you also see it everywhere. So why is this? Well, one of the problems is we don't all agree on the definition of clickbait. When I google it, the top definition is, on the internet, content whose main purpose is to attract attention and encourage visitors to click on a link to a particular webpage. We could call this type I clickbait, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it. I mean, if you didn't try to attract attention and get people to click on your links, then you wouldn't really be doing your job. But there is a second definition. One that I think more people ascribe to, which is something such as a headline designed to make readers want to click on a hyperlink, especially when the link leads to content of dubious value or interest. Wikipedia says, "A defining characteristic of clickbait is that it is sensationalized or misleading." And it also talks about teasers that intentionally withhold information to exploit the "curiosity gap." They give you enough information to make you curious, but not enough to satisfy that curiosity. Here are two actual titles from a news website. Nine out of 10 Americans are completely wrong about this mind blowing fact. And someone gave some kids some scissors. Here's what happened next. I think we can all agree that these are examples of bad type II clickbait. Now, imagine a clickbait space where on one axis, you have how misleading or sensationalized it is. And on the other, how much information is intentionally withheld to create a curiosity gap. Well, then these two titles fall in the top right corner. And these are the zones of type II clickbait. At the other extreme, you have things that are so unsensationalized as to be dull. You could call this the dead zone. Now, here is where you would find "Strange applications of the Magnus Effect." I mean, I didn't tell you what the applications were. Now, in the middle is where you would find type I clickbait. But honestly, I think type I and type II clickbait are so different, that we shouldn't even use the same word for them. Instead of type I clickbait, my friend and YouTuber, Brady Heron suggested legitbait. I mean, it might sound enticing, but it is legit. Instead of type II clickbait, we could use clicktrap, clicktrick, linktrap or dupechute. What's important to recognize is that for any given video, there is no one true title and thumbnail. Each video could have hundreds or thousands of different legitbait titles. For example, how does a zero-G plane work? I went on a plane that does parabolic trajectories. What happens to fire on a zero-G plane? Now, the most enticing titles and thumbnails are found close to type II clickbait. I'm reminded of the infographic by smarter every day, showing that on social media, the greatest engagement occurs close to the boundary of what's allowable. But remember that everyone's definition of clickbait is different, and everyone's perceptions of words and images are different. So these are not clear boundaries. They're actually kind of fuzzy. What for one person might be legitbait, for someone else, could be a clicktrap. What's clear is that on a site where click-through rate is important, clickbait of all types is inevitable. How important to a video's success is the title and thumbnail? - Very important. Of course. If they don't click on the video, they don't watch it. You can't get 10 million views unless 10 million people click on the video. So, I mean, it's literally that simple. They don't click on it, - So, why is clickbait everywhere? Well, because it works. More enticing thumbnails get more clicks. Despite some people's claims that they won't click or they'll unsub, it's just like evolution. Whatever survives, multiplies and traits become amplified. If you don't begrudge the giraffe its long neck so it can reach the highest leaves, can you begrudge a YouTuber the red arrow that allows them to reach further audiences? I talked about this in my video two years ago. To be successful as a YouTuber, you need to optimize two things, watch time and the click-through rate of your videos. That's the number of times the title and thumbnail are clicked, divided by the total number of times they're shown. That's the number of impressions. Now at the time, this was something of a revelation for me because I always thought my job was to make great videos. And then a title and thumbnail that adequately represented what the video was about. But now I've realized that making the title and thumbnail is at least half the job. This is not just because better titles and thumbnails get you more clicks, but because better titles and thumbnails will get you way more impressions. YouTube has limited real estate with which to show you virtually infinite content. And so it's not enough to make a good video even if people watch all of it, you also have to make a title and thumbnail that gets clicked, especially in competition with other really good titles and thumbnails. That's the only way you can expect YouTube to give you more impressions. Now, the big development since my last video on this is YouTube introduced real-time metrics like views, impressions and click-through rate. Now, I suggested this would create an arms race. So what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate. And this is basically what has happened. Let me give you my favorite example. Last year, I made a video about asteroids, which I thought was really good. I called it "Asteroids: Earth's Biggest Threat," which is something Stephen Hawking said. And people were very positive about the video. They thought it was maybe one of my best, but the performance was well below average. In its first day, asteroids was ranked ninth out of my previous 10 videos. It was probably on target for about one and a half million views. So I tried different titles and thumbnails like, "Asteroid Impact: What Are Our Chances?" Or "Asteroid Impact: What Could We Do?" But none of these changes got much traction. And then on day three after launch, I changed the title and thumbnail to "These Are the Asteroids to Worry About." And immediately the video started doing better. It quickly shot up from almost my worst performing video to my best. It now has 14 million views. Nothing about the video changed, just that one image and 38 characters. But because of that, the video has reached nearly 10 times as many people as it otherwise would have. And the title and thumbnail accurately describe what the video is about. I mean, sure, there's a curiosity gap, but you couldn't explain the whole concept in the length of the title. So if you see a YouTuber changing titles and thumbnails, this is why. Because that effort can be rewarded many times over. I've seen people objecting to this practice because they think the creator is trying to dupe their audience, get them to click on the same video more than once, but that's not it. The whole point is to get YouTube to show the title and thumbnail to more people. We're trying to increase the number of impressions, which is heavily dependent on the click-through rate. Now, a lot of my recent videos have this typical view curve. There's an initial spike after I release the video and then a dip, and then a second bump after I have figured out a better title and thumbnail. I change the title and thumbnail and I watch the real time view graph. What I'm looking for is a noticeable bump in views. Sometimes there's no change, sometimes it gets worse, but on occasions, when you see something like this, well then, you know you've found a winner. This is something all the big YouTubers are doing. Not even Mr. Beast knows exactly which thumbnail will work best beforehand. Have you ever changed and then the video did better? - Oh, of course. So everybody, I usually make like two or three thumbnails, and then if it's not doing as well as I want, we usually just swap 'em out and see if it does better. 'cause the thing is like, you don't really know. I mean, you could know if you just were an almighty being that could just predict what people would be interested in, but you know, usually... Like, you can do hide and seek. You don't really know if like you hiding in a tree and then someone walking below you is a good thumbnail. Or if you hiding a trash can and them walking in front of you. So, you know, just do both and then see which one interests people a little bit more. - I feel the same way, but I do feel like you have a better sense of this than like most people. - Of course. I mean, no one gets 40 million views a video. (both laughing) - But what is the point in getting more views? If you're cynical, you might say it's all about money and fame. And while there are certainly financial incentives to getting more views, that's not why I do it. As an educational YouTuber, I think there are two very good reasons for using excellent type I clickbait over more straightforward packaging. To understand the first reason, let's consider two different possible titles for my most recent video. I called it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," but it's a video about the Collatz conjecture. So perhaps a more straightforward title would have been simply to call it that. The problem is, if I publish a video called the Collatz conjecture, the most likely people to click on it are those who already know what the Collatz conjecture is. And the vast majority of people will never have heard of it. So for them, the title is meaningless and only the very curious or those who really like Veritasium would click. In contrast, calling it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," conveys more information about the video to everyone. And this means more people can click on it, most of whom will never have heard of the Collatz conjecture. So I get to teach them something new. And since the video has a higher click-through rate, YouTube shows it to even more people. So if my aim is to increase the level of knowledge in the world by the maximum amount possible, this is the way to do it. The second reason we need to optimize titles and thumbnails is to support the major goal of this channel. We are trying to make the best science films on every topic we tackle. That means traveling to meet experts in film experiments, hiring people to build props, make spectacular animations, research and fact check. We hire expert consultants to double and triple check our work. I don't wanna make vlogs. I wanna make science documentaries on YouTube that put broadcast to shame. And to make this possible and sustainable, the videos have to get views and lots of them. And to do that, we have to make the best titles and thumbnails we can. YouTuber and Patreon CEO, Jack Conte has talked about adjusting your packaging. The idea is know what you're passionate about, what you won't compromise on and that stuff goes in the box. All the rest, like what paper it's wrapped in, that's the packaging. So the video is my focus and the title and thumbnail are the packaging that I'm happy to adjust, so I can make the type of videos that are important to me. Now, is it ironic that a channel whose whole purpose is to promote a true seeking mindset has to experiment at the edge of what is truthful in order to fulfill that purpose? It is something that I often worry about. You know, when I did like risking my life to do X, it's like, well, what probability of death does there have to be for you to risk your life? Like 50%? - I love how he always overthinks things. (laughs) That's funny. He's like, is my life risked enough where I can put I risked my life? I only had a 9% chance of dying and I need at least a 13% chance. You're so funny. He was the same way two years ago when he asked me all this stuff. I was like, "Dude, just do whatever makes the most sense. - Yeah, I mean, obviously I feel like my instincts are not good. But what I realized is that I don't have to trust my instincts. This problem of getting the best title and thumbnail, well, it's a scientific problem. We're just asking which accurate representation of the video will get the most clicks from a general audience. And that's a problem we can use the scientific method to solve. So I've hired a couple of really bright people and we spend a lot of time brainstorming and making titles and thumbnails and testing them out. For example, on Twitter and Patreon. Varitasium titles and thumbnails have gotten better, not because I'm better at it, but because of my team and our testing. If you have ideas about how we could do it better, please get in touch. The results have often contradicted what I expected. I mean, this video seemed to perform 10% better when we excluded the word surprising from the title. So it became simply The Secret of Synchronization. I thought these two titles were basically a toss up, but Patreon had a strong preference for one over the other. What's interesting about this research is that the more clickable often better represent the content of the video. Let me give you some examples. One thing I didn't expect when YouTube brought in the real time analytics tools and allowed title and thumbnail changes to affect impressions, was that it would also work for older videos. So here is an old video that I originally entitled, "Why the Neutron is the Hero of Nuclear Physics." In hindsight, it's a weird, kinda meaningless title. So I changed it to, "Why Einstein Thought Nuclear Weapons Impossible." It's clearer, more accurate. And this is what happened to views after the change. I changed "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect" to "Backspin Basketball Flies Off Dam." Again, more accurate. And the video is now being watched on YouTube. Probably 10 million more views than it otherwise would have had. Even anti-clickbait has proven effective. Here's a video I originally titled, "Are Negative Ions Good For You?" Which is a question nobody asked ever. Now, I changed it to, "Do Salt Lamps Work?" Seriously. And here's the result: One and a half million more views. I think looking at these examples, you could easily make the case that YouTube has made me better at what I do. It has improved the clarity and accuracy of my titles and thumbnails. It's helped me figure out what is interesting to my audience and how to encapsulate that in a single image and fewer than 50 characters. For those of you who worry that a focus on titles and thumbnails will prevent me from picking challenging science topics, well, I simply ask you to look at the videos from the last year or two, like the ones on Gödel's incompleteness theorem, general relativity, Penrose tilings, the logistic map, Newton's method of calculating Pi, the one way speed of light. Good titles and thumbnails make it possible to tackle these topics and to reach more people who have heard of them before. There is a symbiotic relationship between views and video quality. The more views we get, the more people, locations, props and equipment and research we can invest in. This makes the next video better than the last. If we can be good at titles and thumbnails, the ultimate outcome is better videos. That is something I think you and I both want. Hey, this video is sponsored by KiwiCo, a long time supporter of the channel. Now KiwiCo makes awesome hands on projects for kids, including big kids like me. They have eight subscription lines targeted at different age groups, all the way down to newborns. What I love about KiwiCo crates is that they make learning fun and something to look forward to. I mean, when I pull out a crate, my kids just jump at the chance to make it with me. And all the materials you need come right in the box. So there's no need to run to the store. You just open it up and go. My kids and I just built this domino machine, which, who knows, might be inspiration for a viral video. Now, the big idea is that while playing and having fun, kids learn about STEAM concepts. That is science, technology, engineering, art and math. And in addition to the project, there's a magazine with a lot of additional information. So I think this is the best way to learn. By doing something yourself and having fun, it's how education should be. So if you wanna try it out, go to Kiwico.com/veritasium50, and you'll get 50% off your first month of any crate. I will put that link down in the description. So I wanna thank KiwiCo for sponsoring Veritasium, and I wanna thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YahwehSonandHolySpiritLovesYou [2 likes]: makes a lot of sense given that all of your videos are Clickbait recently because of your private equity thing
  2. @Mixa_Lv [2 likes]: I didn't remember you making this video, but coming back to it from the current date, I feel like you have now crossed the line between type 1 and type 2 clickbait, and not by a small margin.

I recently started to use a video title replacer, mainly because of you and a few other channels. I like your content, but I've grown increasingly annoyed by the aggressive AB-testing for your titles and thumbnails. Often they are wildly different from each other, so much so that when I come across one later, I have to seriously wonder if I have seen that video already. When I can't even recognize if it's talking about the same topic, they can't be that descriptive at all.

It will also be a pain in the ass to search for videos in the future. Someone can be like "Hmm, I remember that Veritasium did a good video about the Goldbach conjecture, I should watch that again", but they have to search for a video called "The Obviously True Theorem No One Can Prove". Or the history of Alfred Nobel, aka "The Man Who Fooled The World".
  3. @BiG_Brain13 [1 likes]: yeah, like your content.
  4. @AudioPhile [1 likes]: Yeah, it gets an unlike and a don't recommend from me. Apparently it's sustainable though.

Can't even report bots for being bots. And if you have free YT the ads now have a pop up after the ad fir the ad 😂😂 Like I'm going to click it. All it does is piss the userbase off.
  5. @AsapBiology [1 likes]: 2026?
  6. @5UND3R [1 likes]: It feels odd to be giving YouTube's predatory algorithm so much benefit for being pro user and artist. It's pro YouTube shareholders first and foremost, and everyone feels that. Their algo demanding you maximize the CRO of your thumbnail to get the most clicks isnt a result of a highly effective algo, its the sign of a lacking algo thats sole goal is maximizing output internally at the maximum amount of pain for users. It's all very interesting, but I think the tone could be different.
  7. @2kab157 [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again with an old BANGER🔥
  8. @senu903 [1 likes]: Can you suggest me some other utube channels that give your vibe and educational content
  9. @dustbustr91: this only matters if you think youtube is a real job….
  10. @exigentpost2023: Thank you for your indepth analysis with your ladder on thumbnails
  11. @TFP_The_Formula_Perspectives: Terrible at clickbait????
Sounds like Ronald says he's not a good footballer
  12. @JoacoruMc: 2:23, asshole hahaha
  13. @Dotter-Family: Gotta appreciate Veritasium helping out small creators like that.
  14. @CarangasBrasileiras: amazing
  15. @CoyoteMan717: 2:49 Well, a black hole bends space time in it’s proximity so your baseline time (or non accelerating) will be longer making you appear younger to everyone on earth, so more time passes by when you’re not on YouTube then when you are, therefore I have a theory that entertainment bends space time and that’s why “time flies when you’re having fun”
  16. @vanhove14: ❤
  17. @Ake_UEFN: 👏
  18. @D0DW3LL: thought this was a recent vid. 4 years ago?? how fitting
  19. @senu903: Why are u on a ladder
  20. @jordanalia4595: Ofc it is.
Rhats why people hate it

- Clickbait Videos Be Like…: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @curr4nt [5 likes]: im back guys 😃
  2. @Itsjsanthony [1 likes]: clickbait videos: Hey guys... my dad has cancer and would highly appreciate if u donated me some robux so we can afford it.

me: Boi how da faq is u gonna pay it with roblox

(This is a joke for entertainment purposes only)
  3. @Animatorisrael: So true
  4. @DEXLEOJELCYJISLIEMoe: nice animation i like it!
  5. @skibiditoilettvman220: I love your drawing random players videos!!!
  6. @Luckyy_St4wb3rri: OMG you're back hurray
  7. @meminpinguinseries7794: Wow is back
  8. @Magnezoneiscool: When beggars season 2

- Clickbait - How the YouTube Algorithm Corrupts Creators: Kind: captions Language: en over 500 hours of content is uploaded to youtube every 60 seconds that's 20 days worth of videos uploaded every single minute the competition is beyond fierce and youtube has to figure out which content is most interesting to viewers with this infamous algorithm although well-intentioned the youtube algorithm has become a vector of bad behavior by incentivizing creators to use exploitative tactics and emotional manipulation to win the battle for our attention tactics that include over dramatic thumbnails clickbait titles and unnecessarily long videos that fail to respect the viewers time the anatomy of a typical youtube thumbnail is as follows you have an exaggerated facial expression a bright outline around the perimeter of the subject of the video usually a piece of text that describes the content of the video maybe an obnoxious red circle and perhaps an arrow that points to the obvious and of course lots of bright colors and video titles are just as ridiculous many of these blatantly mislead the audience i mean this is just false look i get why these are done it increases click-through rates there's nothing worse than spending a hundred thousand video that bombs trust me i know see youtube punishes videos with a low click-through rate and stops recommending the video to viewers and youtubers know this hence the use of clickbait titles and thumbnails that are brighter louder and more intense what's even more frustrating than clickbait titles and thumbnails are unnecessarily long videos that don't get straight to the point the worst is when the creator teases something that's really important in the beginning of the video but asks viewers to watch until the end to get that information if you want to know the truth about what's going on in the housing market and this potential housing market crash make sure you watch this video until the end hear me out watch this video until the very end and maybe you will think differently and make sure and watch until the very end of the video because i have some bonuses for you there's a good reason creators make these bloated pieces of content you see youtube requires videos to be at least eight minutes long for mid-roll ads to be shown longer videos generally also have greater watch times which makes the algorithm more likely to rank a video higher in search i'm more likely to recommend it to viewers watching similar videos as a result creators deliberately inflate the length of the videos and drag on what could be a 5 minute video into something 10 minutes long this is a lack of respect of the audience's time it's selfish and dishonest though understandable given the constraints of the algorithm here's something you've probably heard a thousand times on youtube if you're new here don't forget to hit the subscribe button and turn on bell notifications but first can you help me like like this video because it helps a lot to push this video to more people this is the like button and as you can see there's a problem in that it has not been smashed yet which helps up my channel tremendously and helps out with the youtube algorithm this call to action has become a part of the dna of most youtube videos but they are annoying and they lead to everyone sounding like carbon copies of each other despite this this is a strategy that even youtube recommends and it's creator academy youtubers do this to drive engagements and gain subscribers despite being annoying the call to action at least does not manipulate the audience it's a more genuine call for support and they're a small price to pay for the endless free content available on the youtube platform as both a consumer and producer of content i love youtube and basically have grown up with it but the youtube algorithm has transformed the way creators produce content in some ways that are necessary but in other ways that incentivize bad behaviors though not all youtubers follow the herd and there are several diamonds in the rough who really prioritize providing a quality viewer experience over channel growth in the nature of the topic of this video i'm not going to drag this on any longer but i hope that you enjoyed it thanks for watching goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Momentanius [5 likes]: As someone who tries a lot to do decent gaming content in this platform (custom intros, custom thumbnails, lots and lots of drawings instead of :O faces, etc), I feel every second of this video.

Good stuff buddy.
  2. @OPENPCreviews [3 likes]: Great vid! Right on. It certainly is a struggle a test of integrity for creating videos. I've unsubbed from and stopped watching channels that had great content because of their misleading and clickbaiting thumbnails.
  3. @ThOldSchoolGamer [1 likes]: This was so great!
  4. @leeeyannn [1 likes]: wait this was sucha great and well made video!! you deserve so many more subs!
  5. @vikassengupta8427 [1 likes]: Great content is back 😘
  6. @runecape465 [1 likes]: Great video
  7. @nickk7425: I think that clickbait youtube thumbnails are actually bad for the users mental health.  Also, i want to pushback against the idea that these over the top misleading thumbnails are designed to get more clicks, because i don't know about everyone else but when i see a thumbnail thats totally ridiculous and fake i never click on it....
  8. @kyliahkh: Liked and subscribed. As a way to support!
  9. @RobCardIV: i thought i might learn something, so i watched this video.
this only listed three, four or five of the most obvious reasons.
I cant say that I learned anything.

I was going to downvote.
but I feel this is a very important message that needs to be addressed.
so I want to upvote

but, sadly, I dont think a 4 minute video listing obvious shit is going to help anyone, anywhere, ever.
Everyone already agrees and google doesnt give a fuck.

so this wasted my time, taught me nothing,  all so the "creater" could pump out another video to make a buck.

good luck on with your "job".   I hope google doesnt change rules a 98th time and fuck you over also.

Everyone already knows this - - - - .     downvoted.    but.. maybe you probably make much more useful videos also right ? so good luck out there.
  10. @TheSoniclen: Fantastic video. I rarely comment myself but this is such a problem now.
  11. @zedoctor3724: The annoying shit many Youtubers do just to get me to click on their videos makes me glad for the existence of Adblock. Also, great video that goes just as long as it has to.
  12. @aromaticsnail: When then we have Tom Scott that does nothing of this $h!t and still amounts huge subscription and views numbers. This proves clickbait bs is not necessary to youtube success and people like Linus from LTT over and over justifying themselves they have to use clickbait not bc they like it but for the survival of the company sounds like bs ( i'm using this example as it was used on the video and it's one of the largest channels, they should lead by example!)
  13. @ronniet7251: Subscribed. Go you!!

May i request you list the channels you displayed in the comments? It's a good way to synergize
  14. @saurabhwanjari9332: Good job. 👍 Make more videos.

- How clickbait affects YouTube algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en Clickbait looks exciting. It makes you think this video will go viral, but here's the truth. Clickbait can also kill your channel. Yes, it might bring views for a short time, but in the long run, it damages your growth, your audience's trust, and your relationship with the YouTube algorithm. In this video, I will explain step by step, in very simple words, why clickbait is dangerous. We'll also talk about what you should do instead. How to make strong titles and thumbnails without lying to your audience. Let's start. What is clickbait? Many creators confuse clickbait with good marketing, but they are not the same. Good title. Thumbnail grabs attention and matches the video. Clickbait grabs attention but does not match the video. Examples: Title: I tried waking up at 5:00 a.m. for 30 days gives if the video shows that experiment, it's fine. title. I made $1 million in one day gives, but the video is just about making $10 online. That's clickbait. The simple rule is if your video does not deliver what the title promises, it is clickbait. Why creators use clickbait? Creators use clickbait because it brings quick clicks. It feels like a shortcut to success. They see others using it and think it works. And yes, at first it does work. More people click. You may see a sudden spike in views, but this is temporary. The problem comes later. How YouTube algorithm sees clickbait. YouTube cares about one thing, viewer satisfaction. The platform tracks to main numbers. Click-through rate, CTR. How many people click after seeing your video, watch time, and how long people stay and watch. With clickbait, your CTR may be high. But when people realize the video doesn't match the title, they leave early. that kills your watch time. Result, YouTube thinks your video is misleading, so it stops recommending it. And here's the worst part. It doesn't just punish one video. If you repeat this mistake, YouTube reduces reach for your whole channel. How clickbait affects your audience. The algorithm is only one side. The other side is your audience. Every time you mislead people, you break their trust. The first time they feel disappointed. The second time they feel cheated the third time they stop clicking your videos at all. Think about it. Would you keep watching a creator who lies in every title? No. Trust is the most important thing on YouTube. Trust makes people subscribe. Trust makes people watch more videos. Trust makes people recommend you to others. Clickbait destroys that trust very fast. The long-term damage. Clickbait is not just a small problem. It creates a long-term trap. Here's why. At first, your audience gets used to big promises. To keep up, you make even bigger promises. Soon, you cannot match your own titles. This cycle leads to frustration for you and disappointment for your audience. Many channels that rely on clickbait rise fast, but then collapse just as fast. It's like building a house on weak ground. It may stand for a while, but eventually it falls. the right way to grow without clickbait. So, what should you do instead? Here are five simple rules. Be honest. Always make sure your video matches your title and thumbnail. Create curiosity, not lies. Example, instead of YouTube secret hack. Say three YouTube features most creators ignore. Focus on value. Ask, "What will my viewer learn or gain from this video?" Put that in the title. Use strong visuals. A thumbnail should show the main idea in a clear, simple way. Think long term. Build trust, not just views. If viewers trust you, they'll come back again and again. So, let's summarize. Clickbait looks like a shortcut, but it actually hurts your watch time, makes YouTube stop recommending your videos, destroys trust with your audience, creates a trap you cannot escape from. The better path is to respect your viewers. Be clear, be honest, and deliver on your promises. That's how you build a channel that lasts for years, not just weeks. If this video helped you, press the like button that tells YouTube this video is valuable. And subscribe to Tube Sparks for more simple, practical tips to grow your channel. In my next video, I'll share five easy title and thumbnail formulas that bring clicks without using clickbait. Thanks for watching and remember, honest content always wins.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CyroxEditz [1 likes]: 1 view 😂

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not gonna lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your smaller YouTube channel, that might be because it actually is. But there is also a simple way that you can address this. We wanted to find the ultimate answer to why channels feel like they get stuck in the land of no views. So we went straight to the source - Oh my gosh, the algorithm changed. I'm not getting as many views. - That's Todd. He works at YouTube, and he knows the YouTube algorithm like the back of his hand. He's also you know, friends with Mr. Beast. So if there's anybody that knows how to get on the good side of the YouTube algorithm, it's gonna be Todd. Todd actually gave us five YouTube insights that you're not gonna hear on any other YouTube algorithm video. It was his last tip that especially threw me off. So trust me here. Watch these tips and watch them in order if you want your small channel to turn into a big one. Choose to ignore these tips, and the YouTube algorithm may just keep ignoring you. So let's get into it. Here's what creators have gotten wrong about the YouTube algorithm. - The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. "Oh, well, I make a video, and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. - So in other words, it's the YouTube viewer that actually gets to summon the YouTube algorithm. But if that's the case, how can you as a creator make sure that your video is the one to show up? We use the watch history as probably the most important signal that we know about a viewer to figure out what they might wanna watch next. - And here we're actually getting a little bit closer to that answer. It is watch history that you need to be worried about. If you want your videos to be pulled by the YouTube algorithm, then you need to get into somebody's watch history. And as we know, that's easier said than done. Now, if you already have a few subscribers, there's a good chance that they are the ones to watch your videos, and therefore you end up in there watch history. But what if you're starting at zero, and the algorithm has no idea who best to pair your videos with in the first place? - When we have absolutely no behavioral data, we're going to probably rely more on the metadata, the data that we have in terms of the title and the description, and I would say search is probably the first place for fresh videos. You upload a brand new video around Minecraft. We're going to consider that video when somebody searches for Minecraft based on the title and description. - Okay, so this is helpful. YouTube search your title and your description, and these are things you could be focused on to start bringing in those new viewers when you're starting from zero. But maybe you feel like you're already doing this and yet you're still struggling. What else could possibly be wrong? Todd had an answer to that too. - I would discourage creators from trying to like compete in the most competitive spaces in the world. And so rather than go after like, the Minecraft query for example, you might wanna find a niche that isn't already being served by a million other videos. Spend time looking at what viewers see, and see where can you produce the best video That's gonna be better than what's already there because that's where the opportunity is. - I love it that an employee at YouTube is calling a spade of spade here. YouTube is inherently a competitive space. At the end of the day, your success on YouTube is gonna depend on you making videos that stack up against the competition you have. And it would be so nice if our high-quality videos that we make could compete in any niche on YouTube, but that's just not how it works. And so as a creator, you need to be really thoughtful and strategic about which niche on YouTube you decide to enter into. But there was something else that Todd said that caught me completely by surprise. - I wouldn't rely entirely on YouTube as the only way to drive attention to your content. Identifying other places where your content might be relevant. It could be everything from Facebook groups, Discord servers, Twitter, et cetera. Seed your video in places where you are going to get some watch history, and kickstart that signal. - Todd is debunking a huge myth here. Contrary to popular belief, You actually should be promoting your small videos on other platforms outside of YouTube. Now, obviously that doesn't mean you should go around to every subreddit, and Discord server you find, and just spam your video links all over the place. Relevance is gonna be key here. You wanna go to the places where your community is hanging out, and you wanna provide videos and maybe clips from your videos that can help them perhaps with a problem they're having. And if you choose to disregard that last bit of advice, then I would highly caution you here because you could end up paying for it. YouTube's not exactly once again, going to know who to pair it with. So really, be thoughtful when you're sharing your content outside the platform. Crap, I gotta work. I have like three more paragraphs. Don't buy cats. If you wanna be a YouTuber, that's the real advice. Don't do it. And for those of you who aren't really keen on the idea of sharing your videos outside of YouTube and doing all that legwork, don't worry this isn't something you necessarily have to do forever. You're just doing this at the beginning of your journey to give the algorithm a little bit of a nudge in the right direction. Once you get a bunch of people that have your videos in their watch history, and they're your ideal viewers, the YouTube algorithm can step in, and do the rest. - Now these are all valid strategies, but one strategy I wouldn't recommend is chasing

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [234 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @requiem07rl [2 likes]: How to grow your YT channel quickly
Step 1: Check watch histories
Step 2. Post on places other than YT
Step 3 : Don't buy a cat
  3. @mohammed.almansi [1 likes]: I am a new channel. I like this video.❤
  4. @SirCundleBerryGaming [1 likes]: Nope im giving up. Youtube sucks only the most moronic careless videos get the most attention. Fk this app fr
  5. @QuietPawsMedia [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @LostHistoryArchive [1 likes]: Leaving this here to hopefully get some likes and keep me moving! 😂🎉
  7. @DopamineDrill-p5j: I love how short and detailed your videos are🙂
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @HorizonHostel: Thank for 429 subscriber
  10. @artlessonsvideo: thanks sir.
  11. @Paleo-Noel-Z-Workshop-s4p: Nahhh it's hard I'm still hate Lower views because is too unlucky 😢
  12. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you, this is helpful
  13. @Linuuyrr: Help me guys i love to start streaming please ☘🥺
  14. @ashprokingmusic: This is really helpful. Thanks, @vidIQ!
  15. @IILMLAB: @MrTubemaster
  16. @BibleStudy_online: 🥰🥰🥰
  17. @Conalgrblx: To be honest the my tip is keep posting and keep believing
  18. @Molierestates: Trying to grow my real estate channel in 2026! Best of luck to everyone trying to kickstart there channel! 🙏
  19. @autolapeus: YouTubers let group together here dont give up🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @LamechChosen: This idea was best for my channel getting 2000 views in one hour

- How Small Creators Can BEAT YouTube’s New Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling to grow your YouTube channel, sometimes you might think that the algorithm simply just hates you. But that's not entirely true. In fact, YouTube's 2026 algorithm shift might actually be the best thing that's ever happened to small creators, but only if you know how to use it. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how. All right, so the good news is in 2026, YouTube is making another big push for small creators, which means it'll be easier than ever to have your videos shown to more and more new viewers. And we've already started seeing this shift happen over the last year. Loads and loads of small channels are now popping up all over people's home feeds, and they're getting way more views than ever before. But there is a small catch as the difference between those small channels who are getting way more views and you who probably isn't getting as many views is the fact that those guys are triggering the specific signals in the algorithm and you're not. So in this video I'm going to teach you exactly how the algorithm analyzes your content and then I'm going to break down the five main signals you can use to trigger it in your favor. All right. So firstly, when you upload a brand new video, the algorithm will immediately put that video into what's called a microfase test because YouTube will never just blast out a brand new video to millions of people right away. Instead, it starts small and it will show it to your core audience first. And your core audience are basically just your subscribers and your regular returning viewers. It will then analyze how this group reacts to your new video. It measures do they click on your video? Do they watch it for a good amount of time? And do they actually engage with it? If they do, that's a positive result. And then YouTube will basically expand this test to your secondary audience. And these are new viewers from your niche who watch similar creators or similar topics to yours, but aren't yet subscribed to you. And again, if your video still performs well, even with a secondary test, then the algorithm will move it one step even further and start showing it to an even bigger brand new audience. And if you keep passing these tests, that's when your video can really start to take off. It's like a snowball effect where the views and subscribers just start to roll in. But if you fail any of those smaller test phases, then the algorithm won't push it to the next one, and it will basically just stop recommending it. And every single video you upload goes through this exact same process. So, it's not about luck or hacks or how many subscribers you have. is about proving through each test phase that this video is good enough and it deserves to be shown to more and more new people. Now, these test phases are brutal. Over 98% of videos will never make it past the third test. But the good news is there are five clear signals you can use to tilt those tests in your favor. And I'm going to break them all down for you now. Let's get into it. So, signal number one is riding momentum waves. Now, this is something that most small creators don't actually realize exists, but basically, YouTube can actually give your whole channel a temporary momentum boost when you have a video that performs really well. And what I mean by this is if one of your new videos starts to pick up some serious speed, whether it's getting more views or getting higher retention or getting strong overall engagement, then the algorithm may actually temporarily give your channel a kind of like priority tag. That means your next upload will likely be tested more favorably in the microfase test. Because if you post a few good videos in a row, it builds up channel momentum and the algorithm will basically assume that your new uploads will be as good as your previous ones and therefore will push your new ones out further than it usually would have before because your successful videos have basically given your channel a priority tag. So, whenever you notice one of your videos gaining some sort of traction or if you post a brand new video and it does better than the last ones, then you always need to make sure you ride that momentum wave and then keep posting new videos consistently after that one. Never let the momentum die out. Now, any questions on this particular signal or any signals I'm going to cover in this video actually, please just comment down below and I will try my best to answer all of them. Okay. Then the second signal is micro retargeting. Now this one's slightly more advanced, but it's still extremely powerful and definitely something you should be doing. So, ever since the last update, YouTube's algorithm doesn't just connect long- form videos together in a chain anymore. It now connects everything. It connects your shorts, your community posts, and your long form content. They're all linked together to form like one big audience network. So what this means is if people watch your shorts or if someone engages with one of your community posts, YouTube will then automatically associate those people directly with your main content too. And it will basically start recommending all of your long form videos to them as a result. And here's how you can use this signal. So every single time you post a long form video, make at least one short that's directly related to it, too. And then I would also suggest that you write a couple of community posts or even create some sort of poll on the same topic as the long one video. And as you may have seen, I've been creating loads of polls on my community tab lately. And I do this for this exact reason because anyone who votes in those polls or if they like the poll or if they even just comment on the poll, this will feed a signal to YouTube that they're interested in that specific topic. and then the algorithm will basically connect that interest and recommends my long form videos to the homepage afterwards, meaning I get more views. Now, it's a really smart way of creating like an internal traffic loop that keeps new viewers discovering you from like every direction. And now, before we move on to the next signal, I would always, of course, recommend clipping up your long form videos into multiple different shorts. Now, it's a great way to sustainably build your channel and make the most impact out of every single video. Now, for me, on my old travel channel, I would always clip up every vlog into multiple different shorts and post them out all together. Now, some of these shorts got millions of views and brought in tens of thousands of new subscribers. Now, I didn't have to do any extra work because I just took that long form video and clipped it up. Now, a great tool you can use for this is Nexus Clips. It's an AI tool literally built around clipping up long form videos into shorts, and it makes the whole process so much easier. So, give it a try. All right, so this next signal is actually something I've touched on in a previous video, but it's now even more important because of the new algorithm changes. And as you know, YouTube will never just recommend any random video. It actually suggests videos that it thinks will fit perfectly in a session chain because YouTube just wants viewers to stay on the platform watching video after video. So, they need to make sure that when a viewer finishes watching one video, the next video suggestion that YouTube gives that viewer must be perfect to keep that viewer hooked and prevent them from clicking off the platform because that's what YouTube really doesn't want. They want them on the platform watching as much as possible. So, let's say if a viewer watches a video from one of the big creators in your niche and then decides to watch your video immediately afterwards and if they enjoy your video, then YouTube will notice this and they'll notice that connection and then they'll start to pair your videos alongside their videos more often. And this is what's called session chaining. And it is one of the most important signals that can help really small creators have their videos pushed out next to the biggest creators in that niche. And so to use this signal properly and to figure out exactly what kind of videos your audience watches, you'll need to go into your YouTube studio, click on analytics, then click on audience, and then look at these sections here. channels your audience watches and videos your audience watches because these are the exact videos your viewers are watching either before or after yours. So you need to study these videos, look at their titles, look at the topics, the thumbnails, and make sure that your next video upload will fit into the same viewing pattern. And the goal here is to make your video feel like the natural next step in your viewers's watch journey. And once you can start doing this consistently, YouTube will begin recommending your videos immediately after those bigger creators in your niche. And that's what we want because that's where the views are. I hope that made sense. But anyway, the next signal is all about timing and trends. Because when it comes to beating the algorithm, timing really, really does matter. And every minute of every day, the algorithm is constantly scanning the YouTube ecosystem for content that matches current viewer interests. Whether that's a trending topic or a seasonal event or a viral keyword. And basically, if you upload a video that ties into what people are already searching for or watching, then the algorithm is far more likely to test your content to that audience more quickly. But not only that, there's also the timing of when you post because, as I mentioned in my last video, YouTube's first 24-hour test data is absolutely crucial because the first couple of hours after you post is when the algorithm decides if your video deserves pushing in front of a larger audience or not. So, knowing this, you should always upload your videos around 30 to 60 minutes before your viewers are most active. And you need to make sure that you maximize engagement within the first couple of hours. Now, if you want to know how to maximize your engagement when you first post a video, watch this video next. I go into all of the detail there. It's a really good video. But anyway, that early engagement will help your video pass its initial test much faster. And that's how small creators are using timing to outsmart the algorithm. And then finally, we have leveraging topical authority. So, one of the biggest shifts in YouTube's new algorithm is how it recognizes topical authority. And people used to call this niching down, but YouTube has recently shifted its focus with this and has kind of changed it all. And for those of you that haven't heard of this before, YouTube will now group certain creators together by subject matter because it basically needs to figure out what you're known for so it can make sure to recommend your videos to the right audience first time. So, if one day you're posting tutorials and then the next day you're posting travel vlogs and then the next day you're posting random trends, YouTube will basically have no idea who you are and it won't know who your audience is supposed to be. So, it's not going to push your videos out to anybody. But, let's say if you do all of this right and all of your videos are built around one clear theme, then the system will begin to trust you because it will begin to see you as a reliable source of information within that one specific topic area. So to take advantage of the topical authority system, you will need to focus on just one core content pillar and then you'll need to make multiple videos that attack that one pillar from all different angles. Now for example, if your niche is YouTube growth like mine, then I would suggest you create videos on titles, thumbnails, watch hours, SEO, algorithm changes, like that tells YouTube this creator really knows what he's doing. He really knows the topic. And the more videos you post around the same one topic, the stronger your topical authority becomes. And this means YouTube will naturally start recommending your content to anyone watching similar videos in that one space. And that is what we want. Now the tips in this video do not even touch the surface as to how deep we go in my YouTube wealth academy. And the Black Friday sale is now on. Now, if you want to join the YouTube Wealth Academy, it's got over a 100 lectures, 15 different modules, and you can get it for 50% off, which is the biggest sale I'll ever do. So, if you are interested, go to YouTube Wealth Academy with using the link below. Use code Black Friday at checkout and get 50% off. Or if you're not yet ready to invest in yourself, which is fine, watch this video that comes up here because YouTube thinks you'll love it. See you that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [131 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @lavany_lp [1 likes]: 10 subs yeahhhh 🎉🎉
  3. @Eugenecreates [1 likes]: This is what the algorithm loves , binging 🤝
  4. @MiniNightmaresTVReal: 2 day old channel watching! Thanks brother! 🤟🤟
  5. @AngyKC23: Under 50 subs channel hier
  6. @shortmoviedit: Lets Stand Together Small Youtube Channel! 🤙🏻
  7. @globalbrief09: small creaters attendance  please
  8. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Thank you for creating content like this to help others!  I will be sitting down with some of these tips when I have some time.
  9. @driftnoirreal: Good info
  10. @minimalistretiree: Thank you Dan for another great video to help us small channels! Much appreciated!
  11. @ATLTrapDaily: thank you Dan!!!
  12. @ceovickyyt: Just 6 till now but would love more!
  13. @Factsphere-world: Gain 2 subscribers today and  growing with random facts.
  14. @Factsphere-world: Under 100 Sub 😢
  15. @AiMoments_12: This guy helps so mucb
  16. @aztrix92: Just hit 118 subs
  17. @Catsvibe-gos: Thx
  18. @MurAri_dv: hmmmmmm goooooooooooood he he
  19. @Wolfwithcollar: TY for 100 Subscribers!
  20. @RenovationsmadeEasy: Thats awesome 
Do u ask in each video upload to subscribe ive just been kinda putting my renovation videos out there and wondering if I should incorporate this? 
37k views but only 24 subscribers 
How do u get so many so quick haha

- This YouTube SEO Secret will SKYROCKET your views!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to cracking SEO a series where I'll show you strategies on how to increase your views and subscribers through SEO not just the basic titles and tags you and I are going to look at one of the most underrated forms of SEO that's hiding in plain sight is there a secret YouTube SEO trick that's allowing YouTubers to generate millions of views and craft the YouTube algorithm possibly I decided to do my own research to test the theory that you need to know about this is Matthew beam you may have seen him hiring real life Spider-Man or building Mr Beast squid games Matthew does something with his YouTube content that allows him to show up in search results better than any other YouTuber and I would encourage you to take notes because this could be the secret you need to generating more views I took a look at Matthew's latest YouTube video overnight in the world's best airport there was something that stood out to me not within his video but within the description of his video out of the 5000 characters you're allowed on YouTube for a description Matthew used 2032 of those characters for a detail heavy description in the description below he has two separate blocks one block is more of a recap story about the video and everything that happened within it the second block is where he heavied up on phrases and more keywords and this is where they come into play why would he do this well I decided to run a test on some of the phrases that he was using in the description of his video related to the title of his video I copied and pasted a few of his keywords from the description and pasted those in a private browser on YouTube I wanted to see if these keywords were actual phrases that people could be searching for and see if they were helping Matthew get more views the first term I searched for was I lived in a luxury airport for 24 hours he was the third to pop up the next term was living in the world's best airport again he was the third to pop up the final term I searched for was we lived in the Singapore airport again he popped up third however people are going to YouTube search things like luxury airport and Singapore airport these are all key phrases that Matthew can use to his Advantage because at the end of the day people are searching this on YouTube and his video will rank what does this all mean for example if you're watching a similar video from yes theory Matthew is more likely to be recommended to the viewer who is watching a different video from a different Creator and this allows him to generate more views just from solely including the titles in his video so let's talk about you what does this mean now YouTube is using everything not only in your video but your description also to index your video and to put it in front of the people that it needs to be in front of I will caution you on this one thing because it could open you up to a massive problem if you fill your video with the titles tags and descriptions from things that are not related to the actual video itself you are running the risk of your video video being removed again you want to give YouTube every opportunity to index your video and put it in front of the right people however make sure that you have proper tags titles and the appropriate description of things that are related and interests that are related within the video so that I can place it to the right people and that your video does not get removed if you're looking to make a piece of content research other content that is similar to yours see what's out there on YouTube there's a vast variety of content right here on this platform if there are similar titles and tags within those videos use those in the description of your content to be able to maximize the amount of reach that it can get hope you enjoyed this video and if you did you're gonna like this video and maybe this video too

  Top Comments:
  1. @FREDERICKCLAUDEMAHIEU: Awesome SEO tips! Definitely useful for growing a YouTube channel 🚀
  2. @NovyTom83: A detailed description is such an underrated SEO tool, it’s amazing how using that space for keyword-rich storytelling can help a video rank so much better
  3. @Cheffy-Tech: The concept of the 3-second thumbnail is such a game-changer for Shorts, It makes so much sense that the first few seconds have to do the same heavy lifting as a long-form thumbnail. Thanks for sharing the blueprint 🚀✨
  4. @FriedWiFi-99: Amazing breakdown 🚀 It’s eye-opening to see how a detailed description can act as a bridge to new audiences through related searches. Definitely going to spend more time on my descriptions from now on✍✨
  5. @Aryanchoudhary544: The strategy of using a detail-heavy description to help YouTube index your video for specific search phrases is a game-changer, it’s amazing how much hiding in plain sight SEO can impact reach
  6. @Shverse_Gaming: Thank you.
  7. @piki_djo: what was the software on 3:08
  8. @CowboyJojosAdventures: Great tips, thank you.
  9. @WealthEraSounds: So what do I do for my new manifest music channel?
  10. @EarthAngelTribeOracle: This is my year ❤ for EXPONENTIAL youtube growth
  11. @Muleesempire: posting but getting the same thing 😭😭😭😭😭
  12. @elijahyats2: clean mix, sounds pro 🎧
  13. @elijahyats2: genuinely inspiring 🙏
  14. @TheFrugalFoxChannel: If we all subscribe to one another we all can be monetized 🙌🏿💰🫡
  15. @TonesClark: Great breakdown 🚀 It's eye-opening to see how using detailed, story-based descriptions can help videos rank for so many different search terms. Definitely taking notes for my next upload✍
  16. @YOUTUVEVIDEOSEOEXPERT: I specialize in YouTube SEO that gets your videos ranked higher and seen by the right audience. Ready to turn low views into consistent growth? Let's talk keyword research, title hacks, and killer thumbnails.
DM me or reply to boost your channel's performance!
  17. @Doctor_Said_What: "I am beginning to question the impact of SEO on video performance. For example, my highest-ranking video is rated poorly by VidIQ’s SEO metrics, while several of my videos that are fully optimized with titles and descriptions fail to appear in search results—even when the exact title is used."
  18. @SnapScavenge: its a grind for sure
  19. @deliciasdavovomirian8949: Boa tarde passando para fortalecer nosso trabalho nossa amizade
  20. @JenneterrMada: The background music fits so well.

- #YouTubeExpertGuide | How To SEO YouTube Video and Customize Your YouTube Channel for Maximum Views🚀: Kind: captions Language: en-IN How To SEO YouTube Video and Customize Your YouTube Channel for Maximum Views 🚀

- Ultimate YouTube Fix Tutorial: Solve Common Problems with Expert Hashtags from ChatGPT: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys welcome to a tutorial here about how to uh put hashtags in any video in a YouTube video by using chat GDP now you see actually there's a problem with it for example if I say uh January aggregate hash X in or two the chat is gonna create these hashtags okay but what happens in a YouTube video actually a little description if you actually copy them all over this all of these if you go to Facebook basically what happens is that the entire line of hashtag becomes like a one single hashtag so in order to overcome this you just need to do a simple tricks here you just need to go to this uh and you just need to make uh so now the church is gonna generate all of these diagnoses it's a common architecture it's your camera right there but the reason we're doing that of course pretty easy because you see it in the hashtag area they enter a comma after each time okay now why is that if we actually you said all the tags that has come on right next you control the C and now we actually paste them you see they all are individual now other than keeping each other okay using a c are always okay so now for example let's just generate uh let's make a this right here this movie or a video paste it s h all right it's a Minecraft okay so Minecraft video that are running Mercedes is going right now thank you for example [Music] something like this given you start to generate food you can see all these generating with a comma right there that's what we did all of that and paste all this from here you can be done just copy all of this already right here you can see all of them are there okay it's all done right there nice it will just we'll find this you can save the video and it's all been done so if you guys like this video please share subscribe to my channel because thank you guys I'm interested in Minecraft I upload new videos quite uh daily but not daily like two or three days sometimes very sometimes hey guys so you can uh thanks for watching videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @ayan14496: IF You guys have any problems tell me here

- Google Tag Manager Explained in 100 seconds: Kind: captions Language: en google tag manager a tag management system from google it solves the simple problems for us marketers we frequently need to install tracking onto our website in order to determine success of our campaigns to track the sources that the user came from or what users are doing on our website in order to do that we need to oftentimes install a tracking script onto the website itself and these are also called marketing tags now previously you might have gone into your code editor and added the script customize them to your needs and then quickly lose the overview of how many tags you have already installed and what they're actually doing can get quite confusing with google tag manager you actually only install one central snippet onto your page and henceforth all your different tracking codes are deployed through a graphical user interface of google tag manager you just need to determine the data that you want to send over in your tags then create triggers which are basically rules when your tags actually should fire and configure your tags that are then sent over to your marketing vendors if it's all set up google tag manager deploys your tracking code in the background but there are many more advantages to google tag manager like a version control system a preview mode so you can test your tags before going live with them and a management functionality to keep an overview of everything overall you can be way more flexible granular but also more organized in your managing of your marketing tags with google tag manager this has been gtm in 100 seconds if you want to learn more about google tag manager then i urge you to check out our beginners course on google tag manager right over there if you're a little bit more advanced we have some tricks and tips for you in this playlist over there now my name is julian till next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeasureSchool [42 likes]: What did you think about the format of 100 Seconds videos? Do you want to see more of them?
  2. @voydnaught1397 [10 likes]: Cut the crap. Straight to the point. WHY are all videos not like this!? Thank you!
  3. @meegja [3 likes]: Thanks for explaining. Yet another Google service to block :)
  4. @carthayfilms7359 [1 likes]: Not for the beginner :)
  5. @AbirMolla-ROI [1 likes]: Amazing Tutorials Thanks for sharing
  6. @dnv8703: too fast to clearly understand how to do it properly.
  7. @maryorininamangopretel5860: El video más entendible hasta ahora, gracias!
  8. @comeonashify: This another modern way of robbery by google which will literally drain ur budget. Since past couple of years google has destroyed the small businesses who were depending to get calls from their customers through google search engine.
  9. @PigdogEsq: Useless video, except maybe for developers.
  10. @anuc1473: it is not clean code
  11. @SuccessmarketingWEB: Excellent video nice and short
  12. @PaulaMiller-x8e: Very informative
  13. @JM-xz9hq: the music is distracting
  14. @onywatch: Ok. But now someone should explain me why we need to install thousands of apps and so many configurations for foofle ads whereas u just need to just enter a number for facebook pixel on shopify...
  15. @dougberry8349: 100,000 foot overview,   not useful
  16. @JamieBarryH: I am still learning about the google tag manager.
  17. @morrocantocador: I believe this is not needed if you already using shopify?
  18. @koroshsolhi: well done
  19. @pamera88: stil didnt get it :(
  20. @Piliponful: it's barely understandable

- I Got EXPOSED for Clickbait… and They Were Right: Kind: captions Language: en A few days ago, I posted a video and somebody accused me of click baiting. And the truth is, they were right. But here's the thing. Every successful creator on YouTube clickbaits. And if they're good, you won't even notice it. I've used it in my videos and it worked until Trevor called me out. So why do people hate clickbait so much? Is it good? Is it bad? Is it somewhere in the middle? Can you actually grow without it? And if not, how do you use it responsibly? And more importantly, can I earn Trevor's trust back? Well, that story might not actually have a happy ending. But before we get to that, I think it's important we establish that clickbait isn't necessarily a bad thing. And it's not even just a YouTube thing. When you get an email in your inbox that says there's a sale on, that's essentially clickbait. And if you end up buying something of value at a discounted price, that's a good thing. But if you buy something that was always the same price and they just slapped a sticker on it, you'll be less impressed. And YouTube content works in the same way. Trevor was right, though. YouTube is full of the wrong type of clickbait. Most creators abuse it to try and get ahead. And when he called me out, I actually paused for a second because deep down I understood his frustration. I hate being lied to just as much as any other person. I guess there's a Trevor in all of us. Once you burn a viewer, they're unlikely to return. So, in a way, people that abuse this are digging their own channels grave. So, can you make it without clickbait? Well, picture this. If you bake the tastiest cake on earth, but before you let anybody try it, you mash it all up. Nice. >> People won't find it appetizing and they'll never find out just how good it tastes. And your content is the same. In a sea of millions of creators and billions of videos, your idea would have to be insanely rare or incredibly interesting for you to make a video blow up without spicing up the packaging a tiny bit. If your content is strong, you can grow without click baiting, but you'll do so a lot slower. You'll get a lot less views, which means a lot less feedback for you to learn from. Without clickbait, I would have never met Trevor. And all of those clickbait videos you watched had one thing in common. He watched them. And there are millions of videos on YouTube that don't use clickbait, but no one clicks on them. The real trick is to use clickbait in your packaging. But once you bring the viewers in, you need to deliver content that is so valuable that they won't feel tricked. And if you feel like I'm doing that, that's got to be worth a like, right? So, by this point, you probably guessed that I'm a strong advocate of using clickbait, but in the right way. When used correctly, clickbait is one of the best tools for growing on YouTube. So, how do you use clickbait the right way? Well, there's four steps. It's crazy that I even have to say this, but don't lie. My title for the video that Trevor called out was, I studied 11 channels that went viral in under 25 uploads. Then, I showed the exact channels in the first two seconds of the video. I don't think Trevor was necessarily upset with my content. I think he's just been let down too many times before. My I'm going to show you something new framing probably triggered his BS detector. And you bypass that by building trust with your audience, consistently delivering value through your content. Keep the big claims, but only if you can prove them in your video. And I encourage all of you watching to tell me in the comments below if you disagree with anything I'm saying, just like Trevor did. It helps me improve, but also understand what you're struggling with so I can create more relevant videos. Now, the second step is showing the viewer that they're getting what they clicked for as soon as possible. I don't know if Trevor watched my whole video, but as mentioned, I showed the channel from my packaging in the first 2 seconds. There are hundreds of channels that blew past 100,000 subscribers. Viewers won't watch more than 8 seconds of your video if they don't get reassurance that they'll see what they clicked for. So, it's down to you to give them that in the first [music] 8 seconds. Focus on curiosity and not deception. Bad clickbait makes you feel tricked or lied to. Good clickbait should make you think, "Wait, how did that happen? How did those channels blow up so fast? Who are they?" And the last one, and probably the most important one, is deliver more than you promise. Imagine going to a shop to buy a steak. And when you get there, there's a buy 1 get one free offer. That's the kind of satisfaction you want in your videos. You clicked to see what thumbnails these channels used to blow up. But I'm also going to give you four other strategies they used to succeed and how you can do the same. Now, could I have used all of these strategies to frame my video better? Absolutely. And the fact that Trevor started this conversation is proof of that. But like you, I'm also learning as I go along. And with every video, I get a tiny bit better. In the end, Trevor didn't respond to my comment. And when I read his message again, I understood [music] why. Trevor ruthlessly and permanently blocked me. Trevor, [music] wherever you are, whatever you're watching, you are missed. And I wish you were still part of this community. If you want to see the video that caused this entire situation, it's this one here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @coldfyu [4 likes]: your videos dont seem like you ave 55 subscribers
  2. @aliazizi6935 [3 likes]: This is clickbait ngl
  3. @trevorgoodchild666 [2 likes]: 🤣🤣🤣
  4. @MuhammadAnas-z3i3s [2 likes]: if they accuse u of clickbaiting u will get a strike
  5. @MilanKyro [1 likes]: Heyy Chris, I’m a digital artist/animator, and I also offer video editing and website building services for creators if you ever need an extra hand just let me know.
  6. @FreelancerAmi [1 likes]: Hi [Name],
I was checking your YouTube channel — your content is awesome!
But I noticed your videos aren’t getting the reach they deserve.
I specialize in YouTube SEO that boosts organic views fast.
Would you like a quick free audit of your latest video?
  7. @yass_inux [1 likes]: i saw it before u delete it btw when u make ur video abt editing can u mention me 😄 i gave the idea
  8. @adamomari5077 [1 likes]: This is AI all of his videos are AI
  9. @BEHEB-v7p [1 likes]: EPIK EDITING!!111!!11!!11! YOU NOT GETTING PWNED!!!!
  10. @yongshorts69.5 [1 likes]: :P
  11. @melomyna [1 likes]: why tf are you underrated?
  12. @nicktender: 1   11   11   1_

- What Is Clickbait And How Does It Trick You? - Media Literacy For Everyone: Kind: captions Language: en What is clickbait and how does it trick you? Imagine scrolling through your favorite social media feed and suddenly stopping at a headline that says you won't believe what happened next. It catches your right. That's the power of clickbait. It's a type of online content that uses sensational or misleading headlines and images to make you want to click. The goal is to get as many people as possible to visit a website, often to boost advertising revenue. But sometimes the story behind the headline isn't what you expect. Clickbait tricks you by playing on your natural curiosity and emotions. It creates a curiosity gap by giving just enough information to make you wonder more. For example, a headline might say, "This simple trick will change your life." But then the story inside might be vague or not related at all. It makes you click because you want to know what the secret is. Sometimes clickbait uses shocking or dramatic words to trigger quick reactions. So you don't think carefully before clicking. Once you click the content often doesn't match the headline. It might be boring, confusing, or even false. This can waste your time and make you less trusting of what you see online. Sometimes clickbait spreads false information or exaggerates facts to make stories seem more exciting than they really are. This can lead to misunderstandings or even spreading misinformation. Understanding clickbait is important for news literacy. It helps you spot when content is trying to manipulate your attention instead of giving you real information. One way to recognize it is by noticing headlines that seem overly dramatic or vague. Be cautious if a headline makes you feel very emotional or creates unnecessary suspense. Always check if the story actually supports what the headline promises before sharing or reacting. Seeking out trustworthy sources that focus on accuracy helps you avoid falling for clickbait. When you learn to identify these tricks, you can make smarter choices about what to read and share online. This skill is part of understanding media literacy, which teaches you how to navigate the vast world of news and information responsibly. Remember, not everything that catches your eye is worth your time. So stay alert and question what you see.

- Why Clickbait Titles Can Ruin Your YouTube Channel!: Kind: captions Language: en All right, let's get real about clickbait on YouTube. I know those wild over-the-top titles can be tempting. Maybe you're thinking just this once, right? But here's the thing. Clickbait might get you a spike in views, but it messes with your channel in the long run. Think about it. If you promise something crazy in your title and your video can't deliver, people notice. They feel tricked. That trust, it's hard to build and super easy to lose. If you start losing trust, your community, your biggest asset, starts to fade away. Now, maybe you've seen someone call out a creator for clickbait. It stings, but don't get mad. Take it as a wake-up call. YouTube's got rules about misleading content, and if you keep pushing it, your channel could actually get banned. Not worth it. No one's saying your titles can't be creative or catchy. But don't cross that line into straight up lying. Be real with your audience. Give them what you promise. If you do, you'll keep your viewers coming back for more and they'll actually trust you. So, bottom line, ditch the clickbait. Stick to honest, engaging titles. Your channel, your reputation, and your audience will thank you. Keep it real and let your content speak for itself.

- Why You Can't Resist Clickbait!: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever scrolled through social media, your attention suddenly captured by a captivating headline? You won't believe what happened next, it screams. Or perhaps this one trick will change your life forever. These, my friends, are the celestial sirens of the internet. Clickbait. Like a black hole warping the fabric of spaceime, clickbait bends our attention, drawing us inexurably toward it. But what is the science behind this irresistible pull? Why do we, beings of reason and logic, succumb to the allure of the click? We are drawn to the unknown, to mysteries waiting to be unraveled. Clickbait exploits this primal urge, this cosmic curiosity that has fueled humanity's greatest discoveries. It dangles a tantalizing question, a glimpse into a hidden world, and then it leaves us wanting more. This, my friends, is the irresistible power of the curiosity gap. [Music] Curiosity. That insatiable thirst for knowledge is woven into the very fabric of our being. It is the driving force behind every human endeavor. From the invention of the wheel to the exploration of the cosmos. And on the internet, curiosity is the engine that powers our endless scrolling, our insatiable appetite for information, for entertainment, for connection. Clickbait understands this fundamental human need. It knows that an unanswered question, a tantalizing hint, can be far more alluring than a straightforward answer. It's the reason why we can't resist peeking behind a curtain. Why we're drawn to the unknown depths of the ocean, the unexplored corners of space. The curiosity gap is a powerful force, and clickbait wields it masterfully. Our brains crave order, a sense of completion. Uncertainty like a rogue planet hurtling through the cosmos creates a disturbance, an itch that we desperately need to scratch. This, my friends, is the need for cognitive closure. We are hardwired to seek answers, to resolve ambiguity, to bring order to the chaos. Clickbait pres on this innate desire for closure. It presents a problem, a conflict, a mystery, and promises resolution if we just click that link. The very act of clicking, of taking action, provides a sense of relief, a momentary escape from the discomfort of the unknown. But often instead of finding closure, we are met with more questions, more ambiguity, and the cycle begins a new. Section 4, dopamine, the fuel of our digital journey. Deep within our brains, a silent symphony of neurochemicals, orchestrates our every thought, emotion, and action. One of these chemical messengers, dopamine, plays a crucial role in our experience of pleasure and reward. It is the driving force behind our most basic urges. from eating to socializing and yes even to clicking on clickbait. When we encounter something novel or exciting, our brains release a surge of dopamine, creating a feeling of pleasure that reinforces the behavior. Clickbait with its promise of surprising or intriguing information effectively hijacks this reward system. Each click, each tantalizing headline triggers a mini dopamine rush, keeping us hooked in an endless cycle of anticipation and reward. Section 5, clickbait. A force in our digital cosmos. Like a supernova illuminating the vast expanse of space, clickbait has become a ubiquitous force in our digital world. From social media feeds to online news platforms, it's nearly impossible to navigate the internet without encountering its seductive pool. And while clickbait can be harmless entertainment, it also raises important ethical concerns. The spread of misinformation, the erosion of trust in traditional media, the commodification of attention. These are just some of the potential consequences of our collective obsession with clickbait. As we venture further into the digital age, it is crucial that we develop critical thinking skills, that we learn to discern between genuine information and sensationalized headlines designed to exploit our deepest desires and vulnerabilities. The future of our digital cosmos may depend on it.

- Mike Signorelli CLICKBAIT 🪳Turning Controversy To Opportunity 😱👽🛸: Kind: captions Language: en now we're going to move into another master manipulator and that would be and a person who practices what we just saw about what we just watched the video about about the Fate strategy or the focus taking people's Focus off of the important thing the authority the tribal tribalism they affect and impact and the emotional reasoning so we're going to go down here and we're going to watch a couple clips of someone who claims to be a man of God operating as good examples of using these scops tactics to manipulate his audience I think this is what you might have been talking about Brother Rich and this was posted now this was two days ago so he just said he posted another one so this was breaking flight's grounded what's happening in US Airlines Belgium Airways listen to this listen to this does this sound like truth or conspiracy okay I want to start by saying that this title is not clickbait oh if you start by saying this title is not clickbait do you think that it's clickbait I'm just asking if your opening statement is this title is not clickbait what's the likelihood that it's clickbait put a one put a brother Jaden is in the house I didn't know brother Jaden was coming on tonight let me find a let me find a place for brother Jaden find a camera somewhere can you hear me brother Jaden I can't hear you that's a bad looking me let me put brother Jaden in there all right I'mma put you right above my head can you can you hear me I can hear you sir hey all right just making sure everything's right if we began our live stream tonight with the statement this is not clickbait How likely do you think it would be that it was clickbait highly likely on on this channel un extremely unlikely near impossible because on this channel when you when you say something brother Rob I always notice that you you you're always out to give receipts about what you're saying so I I really do think that that's really highly unlikely on this channel we don't do clickbait on here we do real gospel expository uh you know walk walkthroughs of the biblical text and and and not only do we exposit the biblical text but we exposit the biblical text in such a way that it debunks these teachers okay so listen to this okay I want to start by saying that this title is not clickbait when I said do you believe that I'm I'm I'm call I'm calling no it's clickbait it's clickbait it's clickbait yeah AB absolutely not so let's go on this is uh this is two days ago flights are grounded worldwide we're going to talk about what's happening with Frontier Airlines and Belgium airspace that's the US and another Nation because something is definitely happening right now in aviation and I'm not seeing enough people talking about this is which is why I'm doing this broadcast and so this is not clickbait this is a literal statement we're going to go through the so this is scanning this is Google Trends this is and why is this dude here he got this is his version of you Jaden this is his version of Jaden but these guys are using this to clickbait people yep that's what this is all about a new event a new event in the world there's there's a a plane planes that are not going up in the air anymore so so let's check this out news and we're going to talk about it together because in the past 24 hours Frontier Airlines experienced a nationwide ground stop due to a major it failure and then you have Belgium closed its entire airspace due to a technical issue and and as you guys know which we're going to talk about as well uh the US milit military helicopter that collided midair with a commercial jet over DC now is this Co incidence or is something much bigger going on behind the scenes I'm going to go ahead and break this down for you I need you to do this real quick though if you haven't already smashed the thumbs up to get the word out there uh please subscribe I we're we're celebrating over 900,000 subscri what what I mean why is this connecting to subscribing to his channel see what I'm saying yep that's another thing what does what do crashing Airlines have to do with subscribing to a pastor's Channel an alleged pastor's Channel remember taking people's Focus off of things appeal to Authority tribalism and emotionalism yep that's what this is and and notice that what does ultimately what does this benefit the ministry talking about some US Airlines and Belgium Airlines what the what in the world does that have to do with preaching Christ and him crucified what what connection does that what connection I don't know subcribers we are an army not just an audience we're on the road to a million we're an army not just an audience so what did it talk about tribalism you're part of the army and not just what do you call it we're an army celebrating over 900,000 subscribers we are an army not just an audience we're on the road to oh yeah you're not an audience we're an army of people watching Global events take place together and trying to connect dots that don't exist right a million because you all are like we're done playing games we want to make sure that we're being vigilant in a time like this I'm getting ready to break this down uh if you are new to the channel just let me know in the comments section and just say like I'm a new subscriber uh I'm here in New York City I've got Evan Wilson joining me um he's a tech expert and he's been helping me over the last couple days to break down what's happening in the world of AI we're going to be talking about that Evan you're on Long Island yes yeah thanks so much for having me and obviously there's a lot to break down there's a lot happening uh even just over the past few days we've been breaking down a lot of shifts in the AI space with deep seek and just a lot of uh shifting sand it seems globally and obviously the tragedy uh with that Aviation uh disaster uh just recently and so we're going to be breaking it down yeah absolutely let me let me just start with this okay because and there's many did you notice what he said about shifting Sands you know that reminds me of the scripture where it talks about people uh uh tossed to and fro by every wind and wave of Doctrine and ironically he is one of those just like the world and it says like every good in James 1 it says every good and every perfect gift comes down from the father of heavenly lights in whom there is no variance or shadow of turning these people are shadows of turning everywhere oh oh There were drones over New York let's go cover that oh planes crash let's go cover that oh there's a dock worker strike oh let's go cover that and let's warn people to go out and buy food and stock up because there's no way that we can get through get through this this upcoming you know constantly using fear to attract an audience and then getting them to actually take action that they didn't even need to take this is give you that are going to be watching this on the re broadcast let me just start right with this Matt Wallace on X tweeted uh guys Frontier Airlines just halted all flights Nationwide that was this evening and here's what we know here's what happened Frontier systems suffered an operational failure caused by what they're calling a technical glitch resulting in I want you to hear me say it a Nationwide ground stop Okay thousands of passengers were stranded at airports across the entire United States by the way drop a comment let me know where you're tuning in from right now passengers were urged by so here's the thing here's the thing about that wait a minute who are you what does that mean I mean it he's going to make it he's going to imply that it has meaning that we can't possibly know yeah it's like the aliens thing I I remember remember I you know I used to be deceived by conspiracy theories and that's why Camille Hedrick and all those false prophets appealed to me is because they prophesied about that false nonsense and he's one of them too you can tell it's just I swear it's almost like birds of a feather flop together they all they all go after the same ridiculous conspiracies the same ridiculous clickbait that gives them clicks and Views here to basically check the outage status via their Frontier app and website and you know they were trying to to make their way through that but here's where get weird though okay could this just be another random Airline issue or is there something bigger at play now the point I want to make about this is we also had outages of chat gbt and deep SE deep seek today as well okay then at the same time and I'm going to break this down for you in another really shocking development Okay Belgium shut down its airspace as well dude and they're calling it a technical issue with their air traffic control system so they they basically have a system called skias I think is how you say it but it's this air traffic control system and it experienced a failure that impacted their a traffic man uh does technology ever have glitches is that is that not that's just a normal thing so what there's some Airlines what what does this have to do with the gospel right so watch let's go back here and so watch this I'm going to the end now you're sounding that's the chat buring yeah sounding garbing sorry hey chat am I okay or is it just P let me know might be a YouTube Sho oh people are saying good yeah they're saying actually see wow he starts glitching but then he tries to make it sound like he's getting some kind of viral attack he's under a Cyber attack right now check this out guys in the chat right of course this timing we're talking about off that that the audio out it almost seems lagging issue P maybe an internet viw or a band View it's it's very bizarre on my side your audio is messed up and something does seem be right now to my computer um very very bizarre that's all I can say of course we don't know what's going on but with this many people watching live wow insane I've CED this yeah both cutting in Jaden are we cutting in and out hey chat are we cutting in and out are we we're just we're just asking if we started cutting in and out it would be a demon right oh yeah of course of course why not because of course we're attacking them how how could we wonder if you get your router in the studio Wonder I've lost complete control my laptop oh wow yeah yo am I back hey guys chat let me know if I'm back I just rebooted as fast as I could that was absolutely insane uh I think weird um let me know let me hold back let me see if I can get EV so crazy Le Rogers says in the chat oh I think it's lagging again since last night I lost control my laptop my cell phone my tablet different times very weird I don't know what's going on does that ever happen that's happened to me see what he's try he's trying to make it like something actually is going on the government's trying to get him yeah like he's facing a Cyber attack right now the government can get M wow I think issu crazy yeah something's definitely going on I don't really have full control over my laptop so weird though once we started talking about all this stuff it just happens when of course I've streamed in front of 20,000 people concurrent never had issues course yeah um but yeah something's definitely wrong something going on I'm gonna see what I can do he is literally linking the fact that this coverage that he's doing is so important that something's going on some other evil entity see what I'm saying I'll see what I can do and that was the end of that one but okay here's one a day later here's one today breaking another plane just crashed out of the sky hidden neighborhood in Pennsylvania what does oh it's with sadness that I say in a single moment everything can change two recent Aviation disasters one in Philadelphia which we're going to talk about we've got several Clips to show you and another one in Washington DC which you probably already know about but the first tragedy is unfolding right now in Philadelphia y'all we need your prayers around the world right now show some love in the comment section and let's unite because we believe in the power of prayer but we're going to have to do a really deep dive on this and I need you in the comment sections to help us okay this is what we know a medical aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff setting homes of Blaze you're looking at the footage of it right now and claiming multiple lives so investigators are still piecing together what went wrong but one thing is certain no one aboard that plane expected it to be their final flight that we do know uh listen y'all I'm not going to hide it I'm a pastor in James chapter 4:14 we get this reminder it says yet you do not know what tomorrow will bring what is your life for you are a miss that appears for a little time and then vanishes we have to really really think about these times we're living in y'all because we are living in perilous times we're living in times of great deception and we're going to be breaking this down but I need each and every one of you to show some love in the comment section let's unite in prayer okay let let me just continue to give you the details I want you to stick around for the entire duration because I'm going to be showing you I've got a minimum of five videos from different perspectives these are things that quite frankly the news is is not going to show but we're going to see it here again we're not doing this for clicks we're not doing this for shares we're doing this because we're living okay I'm not going to stay in this I thought this was a much shorter video this video is two hours long wow just fearmongering and and you know you know what the crazy thing is is he's actually part right about everything he said but ironically he's breaking the very thing he's saying he's saying it's an era of deception of course it is and you're one of the deceivers yeah and uh so this video got 326,000 views the other video got 300,000 views and then he had a video about aliens that got 1.1 million views oh I believe it three 300,000 people subscribed after that video oh my goodness he is bleeding in a deception and I know he's playing on the the conspiracies now because I remember I used to be big into this stuff I know about all the nonsense that they say it's actually crazy because I've had people come to me with conspiracy theories that I used to believe in and I literally tell them what you I tell them what they believe in they don't think I know I know exactly what they say they believe in and I tell it and they're like so let's if I hadn't C did the lives last night I wouldn't have even known this happened did did anybody know what happened on Mike sarelli's live stream Mike sarelli did a live stream yesterday for five and a half hours to cross over the barrier to one million subscribers he's got over 1 million he's got 1.04 million million subscribers now that is really scary that is really scary Mass deception I didn't watch this does anybody know what weird thing happened during this live other than the person who posted it in a comment well Nikita he begged for Subs that's not weird that's normal he begged for Subs get me over a million get me over a million by the way please don't forget to hit the like button if you're here and you have not subscribed subscribe I rarely ever say that but check this out check out what he did myON I think I think I was just looking at your channel myON I think you were calling out um peace and blessings to you too God bless brother I think he was calling out uh um what you call it some Hebrew Israelite Cults or something like that oh yeah they're they're bad I saw a video it said something about like the fact that uh proving that there was uh White genealogy in in the ancient Hebrews and I don't know if it's like I don't know if it's like a Hebrew Israel Israelite apologetic but it might actually be a good apologetic against them to show that it wasn't just black people that were Jews I think it was a ton of different groups of people just they all look different let me let me get into showing y'all what happened here we're at the 1 hour 51 minute Mark let me show you what happened let me see if anybody mentioned it in the chat uh because he begged for Subs he sold his book I think it took forever Jillian said it took forever to him for him to get over a million subscribers bring a comment in he sent emails out he sent text messages out um but check this out any hold on let me I hold on we're playing it now nothing is happening looks like you just watch a faucet drip oh no watch watch watch you can't do that oh look it I knew I heard it look what this dog did okay I got to go put him away he's eating my cables he's eating my cables guys I I mean he could have hurt himself really bad okay I'm mad at you but you also shouldn't have been left alone down there cuz okay here's what I'm going to do guys I am going to go put my dog away and I'll be back okay because he ate one of the cables let's keep this thing going guys give me a minute to go put the dog away he knows he messed up he already stood up he he knows he messed up but um let me go put my dog away and I will be back and let's keep this thing going love you guys I'm trying to get uhar so he goes out of the room at can you guys see that an hour and 52 minutes and 41 seconds he goes out of the room now watch this we go along here where do we get Mike signari back at watch this this is crazy y'all what the heck just happened put the dog away he knows he messed up he already stood up he he knows he messed up but love you guys he leave for an hour come on St yep right here 2 hours 59 minutes and 20 seconds I now I got it right right here he left for an hour he left the live stream and the chat hanging for an hour hour but he had to go take his dog he got to go take his dog put it in the kennel and took him an hour let me oh Roes I'm back oh remember it was an hour and 52 minutes and he comes back at exactly three one hour and eight minutes everybody's just sitting there in the chat that's nuts man that's crazy that is crazy hey everybody I'm back I I needed some time I had to I had to eat because I was like I don't know if this going to take 2 hours or 20 minutes but I'm get everybody's text messages so thank you so let me do this I'm gonna call upon my text Community to help me because I have a very large text Community by the way I'm going to give you the number right now and it it it actually comes to my phone so I have if you're if you're in North America you can access this and let's see wow so many comments since I've been gone by the way guys my goal yeah I did eat I had and I only had beef I didn't have any carbs I he ate he went to the bathroom I mean who knows what all he did that is crazy that's all I wanted to show you guys on that one so let's go back up here uh let me bring J in let me bring brother Jaden in here let me find him let me find uh just to show us that I had to show you the he literally somebody I wouldn't even have known that if uh left for an hour and said he had to take his dog he had to take his dog out because his dog is eating electrical cables and then he comes back an hour later and then he just let the live stream eat the whole time but look I thought I would do this tonight too as got some funny people in this world so put so we're going to go on to hold on we're going to do something to just to show you the desperation

  Top Comments:
  1. @BreadAndCrumbs3 [4 likes]: That had me cracking up when you said Evan is mikes Jayden😂😂
  2. @CookieJar55 [4 likes]: Signorelli is full of it. I agree with you brother Rob.  Such nonsense.
  3. @bobrouse8634 [2 likes]: Shouldn't Siggy have casted out the demons of eating computer cords from the dog???
  4. @crazycatman5928 [1 likes]: Brother I made a community post on Mike. It looks like he bought subscriptions
  5. @heidigeneration1670 [1 likes]: Click bait 🪳🪤= + more subscribers Mike's thirst for followers is very obvious. 🐺
  6. @BreadAndCrumbs3 [1 likes]: This had to be edited. 🙄

- I've never seen a faster way to get monetized: Kind: captions Language: hi Pehle creators ko monetize hone mein saalon lagte the,- par kuch channels sirf tees din mein kar rahe hain! -But sawaal hai! Kaise!? Unhe YouTube ka aisa kya pata hai jo humein nahi? Jaise YouTube mature ho raha hai! Maine ek cheez notice ki hai Badhte YouTubers ne discover kiya hai ki monetization ke peeche science hai! -Aur jaise ye techniques popular ho rahi hain! Zyada channels record time mein monetize ho rahe hain! Toh is video mein! Main wo secret techniques bataunga jo wo log use kar rahe hain! Taaki aap views ke liye struggle na karein, aur monetization requirements hit kar saken! Now, ye video viral niche! ya better ideas ke baare mein nahi hai. Today, main nayi! aur rarely discussed strategies bataunga jo ye channels use kar rahe hain! Jo shayad ek bada reason hai ki ye channels monetize ho rahe hain! Lesson one! Packaging acchi hai. Par jaisa aap soch rahe hain, waisa nahi. Zara dekho! Is video ko. Shayad ye channel dekha hoga, jo sirf chaudah videos ke saath nau lakh se zyada subscribers tak pahunch gaya hai! Now, aap sochenge ki ye video chala thumbnail se! Haan, usne help ki,- par mujhe lagta hai title ne! is video ko itna clickable banaya. Dekho! Sab log views ke liye thumbnails improve karne ko kehte hain, main bhi, but rarely! koi titles improve karne ko kehta hai! Jo important ho sakte hain- aur kabhi kabhi zyada bhi. Apni baat prove karne ke liye, dekho is video ko! Ye video ek bande ka hai! Jise main follow kar raha hoon! Lagbhag ek saal pehle, wo bina fancy thumbnail ke viral ho gaya! Bas office ki stills thi. But uske titles! genius the! Aur isne doosre channels ko grow karne mein help ki. Maine paya wo videos clickable banane ke liye powerful psychological techniques use kar raha tha! Chalo unhe break down karte hain. Pehli technique hai specificity! Jab aap apne titles mein super specific hote hain! Sirf ye kehne ke bajay, ki ye sabse tez tareeka hai das hazaar per month kamane ka! Usne specifics use kiye! Jaise teen hazaar se paanch hazaar! Aur aapke bank account mein! Doosra reason ye title powerful hai kyunki wo kuch aisa promise karta hai jo audience desperately chahti hai, short time mein. Ye titles ko clickable banane ka powerful tareeka hai! Kyunki ye urgency add karta hai! Agar title hota online teen hazaar se paanch hazaar dollar kaise kamayein. Boring? Fastest! aur into your bank account asap! add karke, ye curiosity badha deta hai! Aapko click karne par majboor karta hai. Toh agar zyada views chahiye, dono! strategies apne titles par test karein. Okay! Toh agla step jo maine notice kiya ye chhote channels tezi se monetize hone ke liye use kar rahe the, wo thi unki ability credibility banane ki! Bina zyada subscribers ke, jo trust banane ke liye important hai. Ek favorite example hai basketball channel out of bounds! Sirf chaudah videos mein, unhe saade chaudah million views aur taintalees hazaar subscribers mile! use karke ek simple, powerful strategy! Scratch se credibility banane ke bajay, unhone un basketball celebrities ko leverage kiya jin par pehle se attention tha! For example, unka doosra video dekho jise do million views mile. Unhone Mugsy Bogues ka face use kiya! Ek NBA player, us attention ko tap karne ke liye jo pehle se un par tha. Isse unhe authority banane mein help mili, wo un players par videos bana rahe hain jinmein audience interested hai! Jinki respect karti hai. Now, aap sochenge, agar main documentary channel nahi chalata? Don't worry! Ye kisi bhi niche par apply kar sakte hain. Step one! Apna video ek authority source ke aas-paas structure karo. फिटनेस कंटेंट में, ये आपके पसंदीदा एथलीट का सुबह का रूटीन हो सकता है! और कुकिंग में, सोचिए कैसे आप एक मशहूर शेफ की पसंदीदा डिश बना सकते हैं। देखिए, niche कोई मायने नहीं रखता। बस एक ऐसा authority figure चुनें जिसे लाखों लोग जानते हों और पसंद करते हों। Step two! Unhe packaging mein add karo, attention ke liye unka face use karo, aur make sure thumbnail mein wo pehle notice hon taaki log instantly! authority figure pehchan lein. Ye aapko authority banane aur attention grab karne mein help karega, bhale hi zero subscribers hon aur credibility na ho! But secret hai! authority figures ko test karte rehna aur dekhna kin par attention milta hai! Agli technique jo ye chhote channels tezi se monetize hone ke liye use kar rahe hain. Main ise kehta hoon! the double down strategy. Ye kaise kaam karti hai, explain karne ke liye! Ye channel dekho! Haan, wo ab chhota channel nahi rahe. but baarah mahine se kam mein, wo saat hazaar se dedh lakh subscribers tak gaye! Ek recent video paanch million views paar kar gaya! -But agar hum peeche jaayein! unke shuruaati videos par, wo das se pandrah hazaar views ke liye struggle kar rahe the. Wo different video formats test kar rahe the, jaise grooming videos, dog food reviews,- dog ko trains par le jaane ke videos. But koi bhi viral nahi hua! But phir kuch interesting hua. Unhone ek similar! format test kiya is video ke saath! Aur isne aur bhi accha kiya! Ise mile! Unhone ek similar format test kiya is video ke saath! ye aur bhi viral hua. Isne do dashamlav nau million views kheeche. Tab se, unhone is format ko repeat kiya hai, aur ye viral hota ja raha hai! Maine notice kiya ye chhote channels different formats test karte hain, jab tak ek work nahi karta, us par double down karte hain! Ek slight twist ke saath! Agar aap bhi utni tezi se monetize hona chahte hain, main recommend karta hoon aap bhi wahi karein. Apne channel par test karne ke liye do se teen formats chuno! Dekho kaun sa sabse accha perform karta hai! Agar koi format average se upar perform kare, baaki sab chhod do! Aur usi format ke aas-paas ek se do aur videos banao! Bilkul same topic structure, similar title formula, thumbnail style, same video length, same opening hook style! Aap notice karenge ye channel basically! same video recreate karta hai. Wo sirf similar nahi banate. Wo videos banate hain jo format mein almost identical hain! Bas different content ke saath. Aapko wahi video banate rehna hai jab tak wo perform karna band na kar de. Now! Ye views ke liye great strategy hai, but hamesha rapid subscriber! growth nahi deti. Toh ek aakhri cheat code hai jo main share karna chahta hoon, ye chhote channels use kar rahe hain aakhri char sau se paanch sau subscribers paane ke liye! Taaki monetize ho saken. Aur sabse acchi baat, ye har post kiye gaye video ke liye bas extra bees se tees minutes lega! Toh apne phone par YouTube kholein aur apna koi video chunein jo accha perform kar raha hai jiska watch time aur engagement accha ho. Us video par click karein aur neeche! aapko remix button dikhna chahiye. Us par click karein aur edit into short! select karein. YouTube automatically editor khol dega jo aapko video ka part select karke short banane dega! Aur wahin magic hota hai. Fancy editing software nahi chahiye! Kuch reshoot nahi karna. Aap bas use repurpose kar rahe hain jo pehle create kiya hai. Toh video ka ek section dhoondo jo complete thought! ya valuable tip teen minute ya kam mein deta ho, kuch jo akela khada reh sake! aur value de. Us clip ko YouTube ke trimming tool se select karein. But secret ye hai jo log miss karte hain publish karne se pehle! make sure auto caption aur end mein call to action add karein. Jaise zyada tips ke liye subscribe karein! Aap text feature use kar sakte hain. solid hack hai! Kyunki aap isse kuch sau subscribers gain kar sakte hain! shorts se, aur ismein zyada time nahi lagta! Now, jitne helpful! ye hacks hain! Phir bhi guarantee nahi ki ye aapke channel ko monetize karenge agar aapko YouTube ke fundamentals nahi pata. Toh! fundamentals seekhne ke liye! aap ye video dekhein right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @baillyf1 [1 likes]: There isn't a remix on Macbook browser.
  2. @SilverFoxinMexico-lx5sm [1 likes]: I have 817 subscribers and 4,035 hours. Just trying to get over that final hump
  3. @Marzo17_aviation [1 likes]: Please help Im currently in the stages of being verified however, have been demonetised 3x now!! Every penny I made from ad revenue YouTube is consistently seizing without proper cause other than “you violated YouTube monetisation policies” and “invalid views” I have been robbed of 1000s of £ and I need to get monetised fast please help me
  4. @medir-acao: But may we use the image of a famous figure without their permission?
  5. @MohdNaeem-i9e: Nice video ❤❤❤
  6. @FOTU_Official: It is tough doing it the legit way... Generic.
  7. @bangonfishingadventures: no remix button on mine
  8. @WhiteGranny: 😢😊
  9. @LegitLarry517: I struggle with this because I have never clicked on a video because of the thumbnail or title. Actually it’s the odd ones, the ones that don’t look polished that catch my attention the most. If it’s not in my interest it doesn’t matter what the title is or the thumbnail looks like. I do it anyway because it’s not about me but still.
  10. @UltraMonolith: Few days in, soon there.
  11. @selfhealingwithsarah: I have subscribed and paid for subscription because I am literally binge watching all your content because I want to grow and for my videos to reach those who will need them the most. My page is all about healing and I have found the advice on all your videos so helpful... Just need to reach those milestones and eventually start monetising.
  12. @KBELITE2512: Help me up 50only first target😅
  13. @BlairMackintosh: Hi there .. I hope you can help as I'm having a hard time finding the answer to the following question ..... These channels that use a famous person's picture ... do they have to get permission first?
  14. @NYCLINow: I've learned don't stop and start. I stopped for quite a few years only uploading random stuff once in a while. Got serious again and realize how far behind I am.
  15. @BeccaDoss: What would you suggest for finding/choosing an authority figure in my genre of reacting to, and breaking down (in detail), music videos which tie into my goal of helping others feel less alone, more understood, or to give them something to learn/laugh about, usually tying into some degree of mental health, ed recovery, chronic illness and disability/lyme disease, and just helping people feel seen and heard b6 reacting to relatable or emotional music?
  16. @CavyTrades: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized😢
  17. @PhilipMaz-z9f: Nice! I didn't know this. Very helpful. I'm glad viewers helped too, that's excellent.
  18. @healthyalignedtv: Keep on creating good conent everyone
  19. @DailyASMRshorts99: The science you say.
  20. @MariaGako-x6r: Ganon ba kaelangan may fundamental

- How to Monetize your faceless youtube channel in 2 days 2025 Strategy Unlocked: Kind: captions Language: en everything you know about making money on YouTube is wrong you've been told that you need 4,000 watch hours and 1,000 subscribers to make any money on YouTube what if I told you that you don't need any subscribers to actually make money on YouTube you'd probably say that I'm Fuller but in this video I'm going to peel back the curtains and reveal how my channels are able to make money on YouTube without 4,000 watch hours and 1,000 subscribers the channels that I'm about to reveal are completely faceless most of them have way less than 4,000 watch hours and a few of them have less than 1,000 subscribers but these channels still bring me money every single month in addition I'm going to reveal how you can do this too in fact I'm going to show you how you could get started today and potentially start making money within 2 days now this video is going to be comprised of three parts part number one is going to be the problem with YouTube and the YouTube Partner program part number two are examples of my channels that are bringing me money every single month none of them meet the YouTube Partner program requirements and part number three is how you can get started and get paid hi my name is Austin godbolt and I create YouTube videos to help you monetize your YouTube channel without having to worry about the YouTube Partner program now I've been making money on YouTube for close to 10 years now and so I know exactly what it takes to start monetizing your YouTube channel regardless of the size and if you want to be added to the globe comment down below with your city state ZIP code Province or country and I'll get you pinned let's go ahead and get into part number one which is the problem with the YouTube Partner program first and foremost if you want to be part of the YouTube Partner program you need to create create at least above average content there are millions of YouTube channels that are out there and most of them will never meet the requirements because their content just isn't good enough problem number two which I'm sure you're aware of you need at least 4,000 watch hours within a rolling oneyear period which can be incredibly difficult to get to if you are brand new 4,000 watch hours can feel like an incredibly daunting task but that's something that I'm not actually worried about problem number three is you need to have 1,000 subscribers again again this can like an impossible task when your videos are only getting 20 views per day and I think the biggest problem is that you need to be in good standing with YouTube that can change over time videos that were once in good standing could potentially no longer be in good standing and would run the risk of you losing the ability to join the YouTube Partner program and this actually brings me to my next point you need to create content that is friendly to YouTube in the YouTube Partner program for example if your content is about Pew pews then it's very possible that you're not eligible for the you to partner program in addition Advertiser friendly content can really change and it can have a huge impact on the type of money that you can make if you're not aware as an Advertiser you can select the type of videos that you want to display your content if your content is overly explicit you're not going to have as many opportunities as someone that creates generic friendly content and because of this most YouTubers or content creators just kind of make the same copy and paste YouTube content most content creators aren't able to just be them M themselves they have to make quote unquote Advertiser friendly content which is kind of vague in addition you'll find that most YouTubers use the same editing style and it really strips who the individual is which kind of gets away from the whole purpose of YouTube when it first started and all of these things actually result in people giving up on YouTube before they have a chance to meet the YouTube Partner program requirements now that we've talked about all of the problems or challenges that go into the YouTube Partner program I want to show you my channels that are fac list and that actually bring me money every single month now as I mentioned most of these channels have less than 4,000 watch hours and some of them have less than 1,000 subscribers none of them are a part of the YouTube Partner program because of this so let's go ahead and jump into my computer and I'll show you a few examples example number one this is called building a school this channel has just over 1,700 subscribers but I actually make money in a few different ways if you look at my most DED videos you can see I talk about funnels and I also talk about school which is a new platform this is just one example another example this channel actually only has 32 subscribers however if we look at my most viewed video this video right here Little Tikes giant inflatable side bouncer this video right here is completely faceless and these channels these videos actually bring me money every single month this video right here called web hosting rewind my most viewed video has 6.1 th000 views from a year ago I have just over 1,800 subscribers but these videos believe it or not month and the final example that I want to show you is a YouTube channel that I started a while ago it was called start the YouTube channel it has 5,000 subscribers it has way less than 4,000 watch hours but these videos right here this video can you monetize motivational in 2022 and how to monetize books in 2022 they actually bring me money every single month and I want to show you how you could start doing this too let's go ahead and get into part three which is the most important part and it's how you can get started step by step the first thing that you want to do is you want to identify what you want to be known for often times you're going to hear people call this a niche this can be your interest Hobbies passion even what you do at work so if you have skills in Microsoft Excel or you genuinely like to teach people how to play basketball any of this is going to work quick note we don't worry about competition and saturation quite honestly everything is competitive and everything is saturated but if you follow the method that I recommend it's not going to matter once you identify what you want to be known for the next step is to identify the problems and the tools that your target audience need in order to be successful let's say for example you wanted to help people get started with streaming these are the problems and tools potentially that your target audience could use and you could start helping them with content one example would be microphone accessories another example could be cameras or webcam you you could even include streaming software or maybe even the different types of laptops and computers that they would need to start streaming now the next step is going to be really really important so I recommend that you write this down the next step is we're simply going to create content but we're not just going to create any type of content when I first got started on YouTube I made the mistake of creating broad General content that was just too competitive I was trying to make how-to videos I was trying to make guides but what you'll notice is you'll notice that the larger content creators in your Niche have already made those types of videos and it's going to be impossible for you to get traction trying to make those same videos but this is what we're going to do instead you're going to identify a product that you want to talk about for example if I was in the streaming Niche I'd want to talk about this microphone what we're going to do is we're going to make YouTube videos talking about this product to start for example I might create a video with the best accessories for this microphone I could also talk about how to set it up in addition I'm going to create a review for this microphone my first five videos are going to be dedicated to this microphone and the reason is simple we are niching down we are staking our claim that we are an expert that knows about this product anytime somebody searches it most likely our name is going to pop up in addition we are getting directly in front of people that want to learn about our Niche but they're just trying to get started and trying to piece it together now depending on the product that you select it's going to be way less competitive than simply doing howto guys how to start streaming for beginners is going to be way too competitive but if you create a step-by-step video on how to set up this microphone it's going to be less competitive so we're going to create product reviews we're going to create unboxings we're going to create a setup we're going to create videos about accessories we're also going to talk about Alternatives because there's going to be a group of people out there that are interested in this microphone but they also want to know about competitors that are in the space and finally we can end by creating a video about the best features of this product that's not all after you create these five types of videos we're going to create a different type of video we're going to create what I call X versus y content for example this is a wa 47 Jr microphone what we're going to do is we're going to go up to the search bar and we're going to type in w47 Jr versus and then there's going to be a whole list of microphones that come out we are simply going to identify four or five and we're going to make videos on this comparison what we're going to do is we're going to talk about the pros and cons and then make a final recommendation now you can recommend this microphone or the other one it doesn't really matter because we are going to monetize it essentially the same way the reason why this is such a great opportunity is again people are knowledgeable of this microphone they're ready to buy it however they just want to make sure that there aren't any other better alternatives for them after we create three or four of these different types of videos we are going to create what I call best X versus Y type content for example we might create a video called called the best microphone for streamers or the best webcams for new streamers again we're creating content that gets directly in front of our target audience and so when we start creating these videos we are going to build trust with our audience and then eventually when we decide to make how-to videos it'll be much easier to grow and actually make money with different revenue streams the final video that we are going to create our best X under why for example best microphones under $200 or best webcams under $150 now these videos are probably going to be a little bit more competitive so I like to save these Until the End again I cannot stress this enough please do not create tutorials do not create how to guides it's going to be really really competitive for most niches and I certainly recommend that if you want to grow faster you Niche down you talk to a very small group of people in the very beginning and then you can scope out or Niche up as you grow and gain more followers now the final step is to actually make money how are we going to bring all of this together so that we can start making money within 2 days what I recommend for brand new YouTubers is to actually start affiliate marketing and affiliate marketing is simply recommending or selling other people's products and services now there are a ton of benefits to affiliate marketing I'm just going to list the top three first of all you don't need your own product you can simply use the product of a well-known brand like this wa47 Jr you don't have to worry about shipping or customer service you simply will create content the content that I list listed out for you and you are going to attract people to you this is how you're going to get started with affiliate marketing step by step once you have your product that you want to use you are simply going to go to Google and you're going to type in the name of the manufacturer for example this is warm audio I'm going to type in warm audio affiliate program and then there should be a list of different affiliate opportunities that pop up the manufactured itself might actually offer an affiliate program if not there are going to be a few other websites that pop up another option is to go to all of the big box stores Amazon Walmart Target and see if they have an affiliate program often times you can scroll down to the bottom of the screen and look for become an affiliate partner with us or some variation you simply click on that link and you follow the directions to apply another option is to jump into Google and type in microphone or whatever type of product this is and then affiliate program afterwards what you'll find is there's going to be different websites that put together lists of different affiliate programs that you can simply apply to now the great thing with affiliate marketing is that you can apply to all of these programs essentially at the same time there's no exclusivity agreement there's nobody preventing you from being an affiliate for five or six of these different programs I do want to give you a heads up some of these affiliate programs will approve you right away some of these are going to take a week or two some of these affiliate programs are going to reject you they're going to deny your application no matter what still apply no matter what still make the content because one once you start gaining followers and Views you can always go back to that affiliate program and say look I've got 10,000 followers now I think it's in your best interest to let me become an affiliate and partner with you now once you are accepted to these different affiliate programs you're going to take the URL that they give you calls an affiliate link and you're going to put it in the description of your videos so any video that you've made about the microphone best X for y comparison videos put that link there because what's going to happen is a segment of your a is going to click on that link and buy the product or service based on your recommendation and just like that you can start making money now if you want to learn how you can make a full-time income on YouTube without worrying about the YouTube Partner program check out the first link in the description that link actually takes you to a workshop where I reveal all of the different content ideas to help you start earning affiliate commissions with your YouTube channel now that you know how you can monetize your YouTube channel in as short as 2 days watch this video next because YouTube Say because it's going to help you build out your YouTube channel so that you can make money [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PawfectPetMart [2 likes]: So, you didn't really explain two important things, how are you able to make money on the videos without having your channel "monetized" and also how you actually make the money?  Are you simply making money from the affiliate program?  So you get paid when someone buys the product?
  2. @Nightshadestories-d9p [1 likes]: This is really helpful..
  3. @1Rar3Gem [1 likes]: Watching from WI. 🇺🇸
  4. @jameywrites [1 likes]: Ogbomoso, Nigeria
  5. @Gamedaybarber [1 likes]: Sf ca
  6. @Over50mind: Good stuff champ
  7. @HEAVENROASTS7: You are right
  8. @ProlificKnowledge: Thanks for the info 🙏
  9. @HollywoodShezzy: Chicago Il 60619
  10. @1Rar3Gem: I am here for it. ❤
  11. @KillerKartoons: How do they bring you money? Still confused
  12. @ThoughtsBeyondReason: Where can I start??
  13. @VeloraSoundscape07: sri lanka😊
  14. @LanorWilliams-p5p: Indianapolis Indiana
  15. @danielolumide3930: Please help me😢
  16. @HlopheSindi-k6w: South Africa ,Kwa Zulu Natal,Durban
  17. @ByGrace57: Tyler TX 75762❤ thank you
  18. @Chriswealth123: How do you make your videos,which apps do you use in creating your videos
  19. @hourofrefreshingtv: Nigeria
  20. @ANIMAL.KINGDOM001: Thanks from Nigeria

- 5 Monetization Hacks for Reaction Channels (That No One Talks About): Kind: captions Language: en Most people think that reaction channels are kind of like the fast food of YouTube. They're quick to make, fun to binge, but they don't make any real money. But here's a stat that might surprise you. According to YouTube's content blog, reaction channels have some of the longest watch time out of any of the types of channels that are on YouTube today. Sometimes their reaction channels actually have a longer watch time than the original video that they're reacting to, which is kind of crazy if you think about it. But what's even crazier is that these YouTubers are actually missing out on an incredible opportunity to make much more money than what they're already getting through the YouTube partner program. Tell me if this is you. You have a reaction channel and it's getting a decent amount of views, but you're not making any money. Your CPMs are really low and you're wondering why am I making videos just to make peanuts. Or maybe this is you. You want to start a reaction channel because you see all of the virality and popularity, but you're afraid that you won't get monetized by the YouTube partner program. If you fit one of those two categories, or you just love watching my videos, watch this entire video because I'm going to lay out five different ways that you can monetize your reaction content without having to worry about the YouTube partner program. Now, personally, I hate the YouTube partner program. Simply put, it pays you pennies to do all of the hard work. Without content creators like myself and potentially you, YouTube wouldn't have a platform. But we get peanuts compared to everybody else. In addition to covering the five different ways that you can monetize your reaction content without the YouTube partner program, we're going to talk about some common myths that reaction content creators have when it comes to monetization. I'm also going to go over the biggest mistakes that people are making and how you can get started step by step. Hi, my name is Austin Godbolt and I teach platform proof monetization. I show you step by step how you can make money online without having to worry about unpredictable and unstable algorithms. And if you want to be added to the globe, comment down below with your city, state, zip code, province, or country, and I'll get you pinned. Before we jump into the hacks, let's clear the air on a few myths when it comes to monetizing your reaction channel that you probably have either held yourself or you've heard somebody talk about. Myth number one, you can't monetize reaction content because of copyright. That is not true. There are lots of content creators out there that are monetizing reaction content. You just have to do it the right way. What's really important is you have to transform the content. Okay? You can't just sit and watch the video and then have one or two sentences. What I would recommend that you do and what I've done in the past is I have played very small portions of the original clip and then I've cut in and make sure that I've talked at least longer, if not twice as long as the clip that I'm reacting to. But as you can see here, when you transform content, you are protected by the fair use doctrine. And YouTube's content ID system lets you share revenue in many cases. So yes, you can absolutely monetize reaction content with the YouTube partner program. Myth number two, AdSense is the only way to make money. And this is the biggest myth that I think most people have. If you're only relying on AdSense, you're basically monetizing your time and not your influence. And the other problem with the AdSense and YouTube partner program is that you can be demonetized at any point. They could one day wake up and say, "I don't like your content because you said 'the' too many times. So, we're going to demonetize your video. Then we're going to demonetize your channel." You don't want to have a business where someone else, a third party, has all of the control. And that's what's happening if you are relying solely on the YouTube partner program or AdSense. You want to have your own control over how much money you make so that you're not worried about demonetization at all. Another problem with the YouTube partner program is that the amount of money that you can make will vary based on video. If you are making a video that talks about, you know, make money online, that has one CPM. However, if you're reacting to a viral video where they're talking about underwater basket weaving, that has a much different completely lower CPM. It can even vary as much by who's talking. if it's a guy or a girl, where they're from. So again, you want to make sure that you have greater control or else you're going to be heavily dependent on creating content and you're going to have to get on that content hamster wheel more than you want to. Myth number three, you have to be super funny or super loud to get paid, which is false. As long as you have a compelling or different take, you can be successful. You don't have to exaggerate who you are too much is YouTube in order to make money with reaction content. As you can see there, it says it's optional but not required. Some of the highest paid reaction channels are calm, chill, and focused on thoughtful breakdowns. Others are silent, faceless, or fully AI generated. There's room for your personality, so you don't have to be someone else. You don't have to pretend to be another person in order to be successful with reaction channels. All right, so now that we've shut down those myths, let's get into the real strategy. Let's talk about how you can actually make money. starting with the one that works even if you're just getting started and your most viewed video is your cat interrupting a reaction to Drake. And if you're sitting there with 14 videos, six partially edited clips, and zero monetization, you need the execution dashboard. It is my notion planner that helps provide organization and structure to all of your ideas. One of the most difficult things for entrepreneurs, content creators, and online business owners is having structure and following through. A lot of content creators have all of these ideas that they start but never finish. If you pick up the execution dashboard, which is linked in my description, you can actually follow through on some of those and make even more money. All right, without further ado, five monetization hacks for reaction channels that no one is talking about. Hack number one, affiliate links in the description. One of the best ways that you can monetize your content is simply with affiliate marketing. And affiliate marketing is recommending or selling other people's products and services. It's really simple. You identify your niche. So maybe you're creating reaction content about relationships, maybe like 20 v1 or something like that. Your niche is relationships. So you go out and find different affiliate programs, whether it's a course, an ebook, maybe a how-to guide on how to get a significant other. You join that affiliate program, and then you put the link in the description, and when people click on that link and buy, you get paid. So let's go ahead and see what this says. Uh, most reaction channels get thousands of views on video and leave the description box emptier than their AdSense payout. Meanwhile, smart creators are dropping affiliate links and quietly stacking passive income. The other thing I want you to understand with this is that A, it's passive income. You're getting paid 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And B, you're going to have multiple revenue streams where you're going to have after this video, you're going to have at least five or six different ways that you can make money, which will allow you to scale much faster and you won't have to be on that hamster wheel. But let me show you how it works. You find a product, song, or service related to your reaction channel. You join the affiliate program. Amazon is the largest affiliate program out there, but there are over 11,000 of them at this point. You apply to to join. Once you're accepted, they're going to give you a unique URL called an affiliate link, and you're going to put that in the description. And make sure that you refer to that program that you're recommending, that product or service. People will click and buy. So, let me give you a few examples. If you are in the music space, you could go out and and potentially be an affiliate for like Spotify and recommend Spotify. You could recommend different other streaming platforms. You could recommend you you could recommend sound systems or, you know, sound bars, things of that nature. If you're reacting to tech videos, obviously the gear that they're talking about, you can put that in the description. If you're reacting to food reviews, if you are part of a delivery app, you can recommend that. or you could recommend the pots and pans, anything that they're using. And then one of the simplest ways, if you are reacting to a make money online guru, you can put the link or tool to the product you use in the description. The best part about this opportunity is it doesn't require monetization. This has nothing to do with the YouTube partner program. This works immediately. So, you could go join Amazon after this video and you could get your links and put your links right into your videos. Pairs perfectly with digital products or email opt-ins. Some of the cons though is you will have to apply and join and meet meet certain requirements in order to get approved and you'll need to disclose the link. So you'll have to say both audibly and in your description that you are an affiliate and that you'll get paid. There are tons of templates out there that you can use. You can even use chatbt to help you out. But affiliate marketing is a really good opportunity and I would say not nearly enough people on YouTube are doing affiliate marketing but it's probably used by about 50% of all YouTubers. it should probably be up there by 80 or 90. The other benefit of affiliate marketing is it doesn't cost your viewers anything or anything more to buy the product. It just pays you for essentially creating the content. Affiliate links are like digital tip jars except instead of coins, people toss you commissions when they click. So this is for you if you are a new reaction channel. I would also say this is for you if you are consistently creating content in one niche. So if all of your videos like Unwind with Tasha K, she does a lot of celebrity stuff. So she could partner with a lot of celebrity brands or find affiliate programs related to that and it makes it seamless. And then creators who want passive income without pushing products directly, this is another good opportunity for you. Uh this is not for you. If you create if you just create reactions in in any viral video. So one day it's tech, the next day it's uh romantic relationship. You want to make sure that you are staying in one niche. Um, also if you hate money, you should not do affiliate marketing because it's a great way to earn passive income. Comment affiliate marketing if you want me to create a separate video about affiliate marketing. I will create a 2025 video about affiliate marketing if I get enough interest. Comment affiliate marketing if you want to learn more. Affiliate marketing is great, but the next one has the opportunity to put more money in your pocket, and you can actually do both at the same time. Let's go ahead and get into it. Hack number two, turning reactions into lead magnets for digital products. So, what you could do is you could create your own digital product or you could go buy one. It's called PLR, private label rights, where you buy a donefor you digital product and you simply would just do the selling, right? So, here's how it's going to work. You have a niche, let's say relationships, cuz it's really easy. You identify something that's going to help that viewer find love. Um, maybe first 50 first date ideas or 50 DM lines or something like that. I've been married for 13 years. I don't know what the young kids are doing, but but but figure out a small digital product that you could create like a pickup line templates or, you know, how to make him fall in love with you templates. Come up with an idea and then you make it. You can make it in Canva. I'm actually using Canva right now. And then you just need to create a sales page. Post the sales page somewhere. Gumroad, Etsy, GBolt Systems, and then people make sure you refer to it obviously, but then people can buy. And what's really great about it is that it becomes scalable because you have a list of people that have purchased the the thing that you have created and then you can sell them more stuff. So you could sell them maybe the next step on like a relationship course or you could refer them to an affiliate program, a course that you become an affiliate for and make more money that way. So you start stacking commissions and earn truly passive income. But what's really cool about this is this could all get started with just a digital product. That means while people are watching your reaction, you're subtly guiding them to download something free in exchange for their email address. I would recommend that you actually sell the thing for $7 to $27. It's much easier to have a list of buyers and sell them more stuff than to try and then to try and convert freebie seekers into buyers. Here's how it works. You are going to, as I mentioned, you're going to create content. You make sure that you have an idea of how you can monetize your niche before just jumping in. I like to use relationship because it's really easy. You come up with something that's what's called low ticket, very inexpensive, and you create it. It should take you a weekend. Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Friday to come up with an outline, Saturday to actually create the digital product, and then Saturday to create the sales page, and then you just put that link in every one of your videos. People click buy and you make money. Then you sell them stuff on the back end. So, here's a few examples. Reaction to productivity content. You could create a free notion dashboard or paid notion dashboard. Uh reaction to making money videos, you could create and sell a side hustle starter kit. Reaction to AI tools, you could create a prompt pack or a cheat sheet. And then reaction to trending routines, create a try-yourself challenge. Or let's say you are in the fitness niche and you're reacting to fitness content. You could create a simple 30-day planner for meal prep. Or, you know, 30-day plan to lose 10 pounds just by eating differently. So pretty simple. So the great thing about this is it builds an asset you own, you actually will have the opportunity to make more money. One of the drawbacks with affiliate marketing is while you can earn commissions, you don't get access to the customer data. And here you get access to customer data. So you can sell them more stuff. You get their name and you get their email and you get how much they spent with you. This makes you money after the video ends. So you're making money 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And it sets up future monetization without relying on the algorithm. So again, as I mentioned, let's say your content gets demonetized or let's say worst comes the worst and your YouTube channel gets shut down, but you have a list of buyers that have spent money with you. You can continue to make money or you can tell them, "Hey, I'm over here now." And so you're not starting off from scratch. You're not start starting off from ground zero. Here are some cons. It's going to take some time to set up upfront. This isn't just like affiliate marketing, but it's going to require a little bit of time. You'll need to build out a landing page or a sales page in order to make money. So, this is for you if you are a content creator with zero product but tons of opinions. Anyone reacting to content that teaches, explains, or recommends is a really good idea for you. Uh people who love to monetize without waiting for AdSense approval. Now, the great thing with everything that I'm talking about today is you don't have to wait for the YouTube partner program. You can start all of these today, right? If you've got 10 subscribers, you can start affiliate marketing or digital products or the other ones I'm going to mention. So, you don't have to wait. You can make money before you meet the requirements and YouTube graces you with their money presence. But this is not for you if you make one-off viral videos with no niche or viewers who came for the memes, not for the emails. Okay? So, let me know what you think about this opportunity. I have tons of videos that talk about digital products on this channel. And so, comment digital products down below and I'll link you to one that can help you out so that you can use this to start making money. All right, let's go ahead and get into number three. I think number three is pretty common, but I want to include it anyway. Channel memberships and private reactions. So, think about like Patreons. Even once you meet the requirements for YouTube, I think 10,000 subscribers, you can do channel memberships. But what's really great about this is that you can get started for free. You don't have to spend money and you can start this instantly. So, what you could do is you could charge people $3 a month, $5 a month, whatever it is, and you offer them exclusive access to you. You give them more content. You give them early access to videos that you're going to talk about. You can take Q&As's. One of the weird things about being a YouTuber is that you are kind of a celebrity. And so if you have a YouTube channel and you've got 3,000 subscribers, some people will pay you just to get close to you. And they'll pay you every single month as long as you deliver do what you promise them. So what I would do is have a game plan. I'm going to do a channel membership and I'm going to start it for free. I'm going to start it by hosting a private Facebook group. They're going to pay me through PayPal or Stripe, whatever, $3 a month. And for that $3 a month, I'm going to do a live Q&A where we just talk or I'm simply going to mention them in my next video. I'll mention them halfway through the video, a special shout out, or I allow them to see previews of my videos before anyone else. People will pay for that. And so this is how it works. Enable YouTube channel memberships. You don't even have to wait for YouTube. You can do this on Patreon, school, GBolt systems, Facebook, uh anywhere where a congregation of people is allowed. And then offer loweffort perks like exclusive bonus reactions, behind the scenes or uncut content, voting on future videos, early access, private live reactions, or chill Zoom nights where you guys like watch a show together? Mention it in your video or community tab. Want to support the channel and get access to secret reactions? Link below. So, here's the different tiers that you could offer. Uh, you can do like a $3 tier, early access and shoutouts, a $5 tier, one private reaction per month, and then a $10 tier where they suggest a video and you'll react privately, and then like two months later, you can release it to the public. And no, you don't need to overd deliver. People are paying to support you, not get a Netflix special. Okay, so the pros, reoccurring monthly income, so you get paid every single month as long as customers remain a customer. and it's a great way to add stability into your business and it gives you a real business. It doesn't rely on the algorithm and it works even with small audiences. So, don't think you've got to have 5,000 subscribers to do this. Start this right away if this is what you want to do. Uh cons, you'll need to mention it regularly and slight expectation of consistency. It's like having a digital tip jar that comes with a secret backstage pass except instead of a concert, it's just you yelling no way at a twist ending. So this is best if you are a reactor with small loyal community niche reactions again if you let's say you are in the music niche and every Friday a new song comes out you react to it privately and you let people know your example maybe even maybe you add a snippet of a song to someone that that wants to grow their music halfway through the video halfway through your next video you provide a snippet and you give a shout out to the person how they can be found. This is not for you if you want to remain totally anonymous or this is not for you if you are not consistent and you don't want money. Really, this is probably one of the easiest ways to make money and it's just providing more content. Also too, this is opportunity will grow with you as you get more followers. So, let me know what you think about this one. I think this is a really cool idea. Let me know what you think um when it comes to that. Let's go ahead and get into number four. Monetize with pay to submit reaction requests. So, this is kind of like the same thing as the previous one, but it's not reoccurring income. With this one, what you're going to do is you're simply going to have people pay you to submit requests because if people want your opinion so bad, they can skip the line and pay for the first pass. You can share that private reaction publicly with them first and then share it on your YouTube channel and shout them out. So, if you've ever gotten a message like, "Hey, can you please react to this one? You got to see this video or react to my track. This is kind of like what I talked about for the music niche. You're going to have a bunch of musicians that are reaching out to you and say, "I want you to listen to my music." That's an opportunity for, "Hey, slide me 10 bucks." And not only will I listen to your music, I'll play a snippet of it on my YouTube channel. And if it gets good feedback, that's a simple way that you can grow. How cool would that be, right? It doesn't take too much more effort. You're getting content ideas. You're making money. So instead of randomly picking from 600 YouTube comments, create a simple system where people can pay a few bucks to submit their request. You're not selling access. You're selling priority. You're selling the ability to skip the line, right? And the content, it's still public, still yours, and still monetizable. Again, we're talking about multiple income streams, multiple revenue streams that help you make money. So this is how you can do it. You set up a simple payment system. You can use uh buy me a coffee, Stripe, PayPal. Charge $5 to $20 per request. And then, you know, start off low, but as more people are asking, raise the price. And then add a disclaimer. All requests will be reviewed. If it fits the channel, it goes in the queue. Um, and then you just mention that that's something that you're doing. And then you can bundle this up. Bundle each paid reaction with a shout out, a pinned comment, or a link back to the submitters page. as I mentioned, pretty cool way to make additional money. So, the pros are no brand deals, no begging, just simple creator economics. It works even with a small but loyal audience, and you can scale pricing as your demand goes. So, let's say you have 300 subscribers, you charge $3 for a shout out or whatever. But, you get to 50,000 subscribers, start charging 20 or 30 bucks, and there will be people that pay. Here's some cons. You'll need a system to manage requests. You could use a simple spreadsheet. What I would do is I' I'd recommend maybe setting up a like a a PayPal page or something like that so when people submit they fill out like a little form. Um requires a clear boundary so you don't turn your channel into a jukebox. Uh paid reaction requests are like skipping the line at Disneyland. That's exactly what we're talking about. Now this is for you if you have an engaged audience. Even if it's small, this will work. channels that get a lot of specific content requests or creators who want loweffort monetization without touching sponsorships. However, this is not for you if you are again avoiding your fans or people that follow you. Channels with zero request volume or unpredictable, you want to make sure that you are being consistent with this opportunity as well. Let's go ahead and get into hack number five. Monetize with reaction-based compilation channels. One really interesting thing that you can do is you could actually license off your videos as well. The the way that this would work essentially is you make a video and you always keep a copy on your hard drive or uh in the cloud storage somewhere and you offer to sell videos like after a month or two after each video has been uploaded, sell it, sell it to other people, allow them to chop it up into uh YouTube shorts or Instagram reels and then you could essentially make money. It's another revenue stream. What if I told you the reaction content you're already making could be repackaged, reused, and redistributed across multiple YouTube channels, social platforms, or formats. You don't need new content. You need more versions of your best content. This strategy turns your reactions into compilations. And the other interesting thing about this is the more your face is in the market on the internet, the more people will find you. People try and hoard their knowledge and their videos and information, but what happens the the exact opposite happens. The more people see you, the more people will want to consume your information and your knowledge. And so you'll find that you'll wind up having more people come back to your content for the original videos and to for the new stuff because you're sending out what's old. they will eventually become your subscribers and followers and they'll be talking about you and they'll be talking about your content on the internet whether if they whether they've seen your original content or not. And so it's a great way to grow your exposure and get paid for it. This strategy turns your reactions into compilations like top five funniest reactions, most savage comebacks, or even reacting to the craziest Tik Tok. So how cool is that? You're not starting another channel from scratch. You're stacking content and building a content ecosystem. So, here's how it works. Take clips from your full reaction videos. Group them into theme compilations, funniest moments, most emotional takes. Upload a new channel, shorts, Instagram, or Tik Tok. What I would do is I'd also um offer to sell them, commission them in some way. Add calls to action back to your main content. Eventually monetize a spin-off channel with its own income streams. So, that's another option. Take your full-length content, chop it up into shorts or reels. What I would do is I would use a I would use Opus Clips to do it for me so that you're not going through and trying to uh do that content thing because that's a whole thing. That's just another simple way that you can make money. Uh the pros here is it's easy to implement if you already post reactions, gives your old content new life, opens new monetization streams without more filming. But I think uh licensing your content off would be another cool way too. And you could actually build reoccurring income with licensing where, you know, you charge people $10 a month to access your old videos and then, you know, you take your old videos down every month, you rotate them, and then put new ones up. Uh, if you've got a backlog of content, that's a really simple thing you could do. Anyway, uh, you need a system or editor to manage the repurposing. Won't work if your actions rely heavily on copyrighted footage. So, stick to fair use and commentary. Repurposing your reactions is like cutting a pizza into slices. same content, more ways to serve it. Uh, this is for creators sitting on a backlog of reaction videos. So, if you've got hundreds or thousands of videos, find different use cases for them. Channels that want more reach without more filming, anyone who wants to grow multiple platforms without starting over. This is not for creators with no editing help or hate visiting old content or channels that only post once a month and ghost. All right, so let's go ahead and get into the biggest mistakes. This video is getting kind of long. They always do. Let's go ahead and get into the biggest mistakes to avoid when creating reaction channels quickly here. Um, only relying on AdSense. Like I said, AdSense is incredibly volatile. It's volatile based on on the time of year. It's volatile based on the content you're reacting to. It's volatile based on who's even watching the content. So, have a business that's not so dependent on YouTube. Have it independent of YouTube. And then any money that you get from AdSense is like icing on the cake. Uh mistake number two, ignoring your description box. That's free real estate where you can market and remarket, right? Biggest mistake. Mistake number three is reacting without a strategy. Before you make your next video, sit down, spend 20 minutes, and figure out how you're going to monetize. And you should have five different levels of monetization. A low ticket, entry- level thing, something that's mid-t high ticket, reoccurring. That way you can find people at each level and make even more money. Affiliate marketing, digital products, memberships. Have at least five revenue streams so that you're not dependent on YouTube. So, let's go ahead and get into the step-by-step guide to monetizing a reaction channel today. Pick one monetization method and go allin. Okay? Don't try and do all five. One of the biggest mistakes that you can make is trying to do all five at one time. People that try and do all five wind up doing all five halfass and then they say Austin's a a scammer or a liar. Pick one of these. All of them work. Pick one and go all in for 90 days, for 6 months. Number two, add a monetization layer to your next upload. So, don't think I'm going to do this later. Do it now. Okay? Look at your old videos and say, "Okay, this is the niche that I'm in. How can I add how can I add monetization to this niche?" And find a way to add additional revenue today. Step three, plug everything into the execution dashboard. That is my notion dashboard that will help you make more money. It'll help you grow your business. Now, all of this is forformational purposes only. I'm making sure that I'm saying that now because a few of my videos have been pulled down on YouTube for whatever reason. Exact same videos as other people, they've been pulled down. Anyway, this is going to help you plan and organize and give you structure. Get the notion dashboard if you need that structure. Step four, post weekly. imperfect but consistent. Consistency is more important than perfection, especially on YouTube. The more you post, the more your content in the algorithm, the more consistent you are. And then you can work on getting better over time. Step five, track what gets clicked. This is another issue that content creators don't do. They don't look at their analytics. They don't look at their numbers. They look at the views. They look at the click-through rate. They look at the watch time, but they don't look at what's making them money. Look at your affiliate link clicks. Look at look at the number of visits to your web pages so that you can optimize and make more money. One final call to action that I've got for you. Shameless plug. I wrote a book called Platform Proof Profits. This will teach you step by step how you can monetize your content without having to worry about getting paid by the YouTube partner program or the Tik Tok creativity fund. I go over step by step how you can use digital products, affiliate marketing, membership, some of the stuff that I talked about today to actually make real life-changing money. When you when you buy the book, you get the physical book, you get the digital book, and you get a private community, and you get access to a bunch of features and bonuses. Uh, click on the second link in the description if you want to pick up that book today. Now that you know the right way to monetize reaction videos, make sure you watch this video next so you can learn how to monetize your YouTube channel in just two days.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cryoflameaudioforge [5 likes]: Hi, I am a YouTube Reactor/Review/Teacher/Vocalist/Instrumentalist. I have been making content for the last 6 years and I can tell you right now from experience that not every video will get views. I only get views on popular topics, I normally get peanut views with underrated artists. Almost every single reaction I have in my YouTube Studio is copyright claimed. I wish all of you the best of luck if you start! Ty for making this video Alston. 

My best advice as far as monetization is that you always have a backup plan (Linktree submissions, Patreon submissions, and Twitch.)
  2. @HappyLenaz [4 likes]: Small YouTubers comes here 🎉
  3. @BessyQ [2 likes]: Thank you so much for making a no-nonsense video with very useful information!! I'm honestly surprised not more people are watching this.... I've saved your video to my favorites to watch again and again. Thank you! 

I'm interested in digital products. Could you please point me in the right direction? I react to music on my channel and looking for more ways to earn without relying on ad money 🎶 😊
  4. @Soundproducts [2 likes]: 0:56 that is me😂
  5. @AlanDobbs-l7x9g [1 likes]: Digital products
  6. @AlanDobbs-l7x9g [1 likes]: Affiliate marketing
  7. @globalbrief1982 [1 likes]: Thanks so much. Pls, from which affiliates can I get products to sell on my YouTube News Channel?
  8. @JJStonemusic [1 likes]: Great video One at a time is a good idea I’m starting with Affiliate links for sure
  9. @Fromtheashs-444 [1 likes]: Cincinnati Ohio
  10. @KylerSharp [1 likes]: Affiliate marketing. Always love your advice!
  11. @kevinfreund5943: 23185 Williamsburg VA
  12. @AlanDobbs-l7x9g: @AlstonGodbolt how can I make money with my music? You seem to be knowledgeable,  and I have a hope to grow financially, but not YT savvy.
  13. @Soundproducts: Love this idea  18:30
  14. @STEVETTEINSIGHTS: Affiliate marketing
  15. @STEVETTEINSIGHTS: Pin me also.Im from Alabama
  16. @Howtospellmark: Digital products “song requests” on live and offline
  17. @bbolek07: Affiliate marketing
  18. @OpulentLightBeing: Thank you! Affiliate marketing
  19. @adamyayock3716: Great content... zip code 65202!!! Reppin the show me state!!!
  20. @ShacreamArt: Great video

- Get 4000 Hours FAST Using This Secret App (YouTube Monetization Hack): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been struggling to get the 4,000 watch hours on your channel, maybe you have over 1,000 subscribers, but the problem that is actually hindering you from getting monetized, it is watch hours. You don't have the 4,000 watch hours that YouTube requires for you to monetize your YouTube channel. No worries, just because in this video, I'm going to share with you a new trick. This new trick can help you get watch hours in a very short kind of a period. Now, I did an experiment on two faceless channels using this trick 2 weeks ago. And guess what? In just 2 weeks, I was able to monetize two channels using this new mysterious strategy. Now, without wasting any time, I'm going to introduce you to this new strategy. And I'm going to teach you step by step on how to use this strategy the right way. So, don't skip anything if you want this strategy to work for you. If you're really tired of starving for watch hours, if you really want to get the 4,000 watch hours, watch this video step by step so that you understand every step and don't come back complaining that the strategy did not work for you when you skip this video. Yes, if you want results, you should pay attention to every step that I'm going to take you through in this video. And without wasting any time, let's get started. Now, the first thing you're going to do is to open your mobile phone. On your phone, go to Google Play Store right here. And then you're going to search for this right here, Prism Live Studio. Okay, after searching for Prism Live Studio, you're going to tap at Prism Live Studio. This is it right here. Now, as you see on my phone, I've already installed it, but you have to install it actually before you can see this option open. And now after installing it, you tap at open right here. And then it's going to begin opening or it's going to actually load. Okay. Now once it loads, this is the next interface. Now on this screen, you just tap at Google. Don't tap at any option. Please tap at Google right here. Okay, as I said, you have to follow the steps to get the results that I actually spoke about. Now, once you tap at Google, the email your phone are going to pop up. So, you have to choose an email that is actually linked to your YouTube channel. The email you use to log your YouTube channel. It is what you have to choose at this point. So, I will definitely tap on this email right here. And now it's going to actually load. As you see, it's now loading. So, they are going to ask you to give permission to this app. So what you do is to actually give permission. You go through this. These are actually terms of service. You just tap on agree after scrolling through this terms of service. And now after tapping on agree, you tap at okay right here to actually accept or give permission to this app. And you go ahead and give more permission to this app. You have to make sure that you actually allow to give this permission to this app so that you get the right results from this app. Okay? So you keep on allowing and giving permission to this app to actually access your entire channel. Now after that this will come next. You're going to see yourself or yourself camera is going to begin capturing you. So from this step what you do is to scroll from the right to the left. Okay? You scroll on your phone from the right to the left as I'm doing it right here. You scroll from this side to this side. From the right to the left. After that you're going to see these options media, playlist, text, and so on. Now what you're going to do on this step is to tap at media right here. Now before begin doing this actually you need to put this in your mind. There are three things that you need to perform this strategy. The first thing that you need it is your mobile phone. You should have a mobile phone. The second thing you need you should have a channel which I think you have and I guess you also have a mobile phone. You choose YouTube custom RTMP. Okay. You just tap right there. And now after tapping right there, this will come next right here. And now what you're going to do next is to minimize this tool right here. And then you open Google Chrome right away. And after opening Google Chrome, open your YouTube Studio dashboard from your mobile phone. As you see my dashboard right here. And after that, you're going to zoom. Since it's a phone, you have to zoom so that you actually see everything and see where to click. Right now, after zooming, you're going to click at this option. The option you see in the middle is right here. You click on it right away. And after clicking on it, this will actually come next. So here there are two options. They're asking you whether you want to stream now or later. What you're going to do is to tap on now right here. And after that, this will come next. They will ask you builtin webcam or streaming software. You definitely tap at streaming software right here. And after that, it's going to actually load and bring up this. Okay. So here you need to be more careful. Now on this step, what you do? You just put your focus at stream key. Okay. You look for stream key, which is right here. And then beside stream key, you tap at copy. the copy on top. There are three copy. A word copy appears here three times, but you choose the top one. Okay, you tap on the top one right here and then you copy the stream key. Now, after copying the stream key, you minimize this. You minimize your dashboard and you go back to the app. Okay, you go back to the app and then you paste the stream key on the option in the middle right here. You paste the stream key. And now after pasting the stream key, what you do next is saving. Okay, just tap at save right here. Now, after tapping on save, the channel is going to automatically save as you see this right here. Now, once this shows, what you do next, you tap on the X button right here. And now, what you're going to do next is tapping at go live right here. And now, once you tap at go live, it's going to actually go live as you see it right here. It just comes down. And after counting down, it's going to actually go live. Now, the other thing you need to do is to mute the sound of the live stream. As you see what I'm doing right here, I reduce the sound of the stream to the lowest of it. And after that, the next thing you do, you tap on this looping sign. The looping sign you see below here. Okay, there is a looping sign below here. You just tap on this looping sign. And now after tapping on the looping sign, you play the video. Okay, as you see my video is actually playing and this video is actually live streaming. Now before you apply this strategy, if you want quick results, these are the things that you have to do, all the things that you have to know. Okay, first of all, before you actually begin using this tool with your phone, make sure that your phone is fully charged. Secondly, when streaming with this tool, if you want quick results, stream between 2 to 5 hours. Don't stream less than 2 hours. Okay? And lastly, don't forget to loop the video. Loop the video. And always make sure that the video is actually playing. If you don't play the video, if you don't loop the video, it's not going to work for you. All right. If you found this video helpful, don't forget to like it. Smash the like button, and don't forget to subscribe for more videos like this. Watch this video if you've not set up your channel correctly. Sometimes you may not get views just because your settings are poor or you've not corrected some settings. So, always make sure that you set up your channel correctly, you optimize your channel correctly before you actually begin uploading videos or even applying this kind of strategies. So, check out this playlist and watch the videos in this playlist. I've actually organized this playlist for every setting that you need to set up on your channel. For everything you need to turn on, to turn off, to optimize, anything about settings and optimization, check out this playlist. All right, thank you so much for watching. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ben-Did-It [130 likes]: The truth is, most creators fail to hit 4000 watch hours because they focus on the wrong strategies. In this video, I’m showing you the exact method that works. Comment below if you’re ready to implement it—I’ll give tips to make it even faster for your channel!
  2. @OnlyUptrendzz [1 likes]: New creator 😢
  3. @HollowAbyss1 [1 likes]: New creators gather here
  4. @tsegagirma6637: So how long time we put live
  5. @Pvvibez6Comedy: I am a small beautiful thank you for the support video useful
  6. @lukazphotography7644: Was it the same with facebook
  7. @estherchristianmbonu9071: I like to implement this, but you didnt show how you looped the video
  8. @Angelaspraisetv: Am here to support
  9. @FINDVETRA9: New creators let’s gather here
  10. @worldofdrumming2022: I've finally decided that after 4 years of doing videos on my channel, and just over 700 subscribers, I've given up. I'm done and burnt out. I cannot sit here night after night editing tons of material with my shoulders screaming at me in the process - for VERY VERY little reward. 250+ videos for 704 subscribers. Screw the algorithm, and screw YouTube. My shorts get barely 300 views, and my long forms get seven. 7 views on average. 

Good luck trying to beat an ever-changing algorithm. I'm down and out. But Good luck to everyone else still trying.

I've followed every single tip that's on YouTube - posting tons, posting few, posting at certain times of day, it's absolutely POINTLESS. Shorts Jail, shadowbanning, it's all fake. 

I create good content yet youtube doesn't push it out to anyone like it used to 10 years ago.
  11. @MindWhisper-Storiess: I support new creators
  12. @Mukoo357: Please subscribe 🙏 🙂
  13. @SherSingh-mk9th: This app isn’t available in the Apple app store. Is there an equivalent app, and can you do a video on how to set that up please? Thanks!
  14. @lizaebacuado: Wow what a good advice 👏👏
  15. @utahanyiki: stream key not available
  16. @NumanMohammed-u2e: ❤❤❤
  17. @DanielChege-p9l: But this is just for people  who are over 50 sub
  18. @rugbyvibes25: Stuck on second step youtube rmp
  19. @ireneseriesug342: mine stops at the camera! the media is not reacting!!!
  20. @TALESOFHORRORSS: THIS TUTORIAL IS NOT COMPLETE AFTER CLICKING  ON MEDIA HOW DID YOU GET TO  CHOOSING CUSTOM YOUTUBE

- 14 things you MUST do after uploading a YouTube video: Kind: captions Language: en if you're serious about growing on YouTube what you do straight after uploading a video is just as important as a video itself now most small YouTubers make the same mistake after uploading every video they don't do anything they hit publish they maybe share the video once and then they just hope for the best but that's why so many new videos fail there's a reason these four videos got over 3 million views between them and that's because I have a winning upload strategy so in this video I'm breaking down the exact steps I take after every upload to make sure all of my videos actually get views I'm going to run through my personal upload process first then I'm going to give you a couple of extra tips afterwards that will help boost your overall Channel growth so make sure you don't skip any because there's going to be some things in here that I guarantee you haven't heard of before okay then first up I want to talk about your video file name now this little thing here has been the center of debate for a long time now some people love it but other people dismiss it as completely useless now personally I think it's a great little way of getting in some really good keywords for your SEO now what me and a lot of top YouTubers tend to do is they name the file name the exact same of what the title is going to be for the video or at least as closely as possible as you can see here you can literally see the entire file name which means its data is being stored and used by YouTube if you couldn't see it here I'd say yeah fair enough maybe it is useless but the fact it literally is right there shows to me that it's being used and analyzed by YouTube so it might have an impact even if that impact is really small so what you need to do is make sure when you save your video from cat cut or Premier Pro or whatever video editing software you use just make sure the file name matches your title then of course the next thing you need to concentrate on is obviously the title now I'm not going to beat you around the bush here guys your title and thumbnail are the most important things about your new video especially if you're a new or a small YouTuber because if you don't really have an audience yet the only way people will click on your videos is if your title and thumbnails are good enough so these are really important now your title needs to entice people in and make them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it it also needs to accurately depict what's going to be covered in the video like you only clicked on this video here because I promis to give you information based on things you should do after uploading a video that's literally why you clicked my title and for example all of these videos here include an important key word and basically explain what the video is going to be about shorts Vandy Barrett train algorithm and bullet train which is exactly what they're all about so when you create your title you always need to include a descriptive keyword both for SEO and just to accurately describe what your video is going to be about that's a reason why all of these four videos here did so well so if you copy the strategy yours will too I promise you so once you've smashed your title out the park it's time to concentrate on the description and there's actually really quite a lot to unpack here so please do listen up now your description is literally an absolute gold mine for helping the algorithm push your videos out so here's how I always do it for each and every video I post I basically use the transcript for each video which is pretty much just a breakdown of every word said I always have this copied into a Word document from there I open a chat gbt and then I paste it here and I basically asked chat gbt to write a fully optimized description for me here this is my last one I wrote here is the script for my latest YouTube video titled how to include SEO to make any video go viral I want you to please write me a one paragraph description for this video that is fully optimized for SEO I'm targeting new and small YouTubers who are looking to grow their channels who aren't getting many views yet these people are not yet aware of what SEO is or how it can help so this is basically exactly what I included on my video I tried to give chat gbt as much information as possible about the actual video and of course my viewers too and then it gave me this fully optimized description here that was full of key words and 100% related to the actual video having descriptions like this will boost your views trust me just give it a go now before we move on to the next section I'm going to quickly ask for those of you who aren't yet subscribed to me but are still watching my videos it's taken me 4 months to hit over 51,000 subscribers and I'm trying to hit 60,000 subscribers in the next 2 weeks so if you're enjoying this expert content I'm giving you out for free please hit that subscribe button because it really will help me a lot also I'm launching my new YouTube wealth Academy in March it's going to be the best YouTube Academy out there for 2025 and I will teach you everything from how to gain your first 100,000 subscribers how to make money without even being monetized and much much more so if you want to take your channel to the next level and earn some really good online become a founding member of my Academy just click on the d The Creator Link in the description down below and for those of you who are watching this video in the future in March or anytime after that the academy will already have been released so click on the link and grab yourself a huge discount and join one of the biggest communities out there in 2025 okay then so once you've got chat gbt to write you a killer description you then need to add your links hashtags and other supporting content so let's just unpack this all separately so links you always need to include as many links as necessary in your description these should be links to your other content and links to stuff you mentioned in your video like I literally just said you should click on the link in the description to join my Academy so I always need to make sure that link is included in the description but one extra way to boost your watch time and your views is by having links to your other content in the description but not just any links these need to be deep links but what exactly do I mean by Deep links well I want you to pay close attention to what you see on the right hand side of images I'm about to show you as you can see in example one when a viewer watches a video on the right hand side you can just see other random videos from other creators that means as soon as your viewer is done watching your video they're probably going to be looking at the right hand side there for a new video to click on to and once they've clicked on one of these videos here you've lost them for good that viewer has now gone somewhere else and they're probably not going to come back however here in example too you can see that the video suggestions on the right hand side are now all of my own videos so this means that the viewer can now only see my video suggested here so once they finish watching this video or get bored and want something else they're much more likely to click on to another one of my videos here and start watching that so let's say even just 30% of your viewers do this that's a huge amount of new watch time you're getting instead of having them just click off onto someone else's videos and losing them for good now you can do this by creating playlists listing all of your videos in that playlist that's what this is here it's just a load of videos I've included in a single playlist now obviously playlists don't just appear on the home feed when someone first loads up the YouTube app so you actually have to actively nudge your viewers into a playlist now I personally do this by using a call to action in my videos and descriptions I literally just tell my viewers to click on the playlist link below in the description if they want access to all of my content on how to grow their YouTube channels and it works a treat the best way to do this is to copy the URL of a video from the playlist or just the playlist link itself so as you can see here if I click into this playlist I can either copy the playlist URL or I can look over here to the right choose on a specific video click on the three dots and then just copy this URL link so now when a viewer clicks on this link from the description they will automatically be taken to the playlist okay that's links covered and the last thing you need to do in your description is add hashtags now for me personally I always add anywhere from 3 to five hashtags some people do up to 60 which is the limit given to you by YouTube but I personally just like to add around 3 to five especially because only three appear here now hashtags these obviously change per every video you make as they should accurately relate to each specific video but for me I personally always just include some keywords and Search terms in there that are as closely related to my video title as possible so when you guys do yours always make sure you use keywords related to your video then of course course we have our YouTube thumbnails along with your titles the thumbnail is the most important step of your YouTube video your thumbnail basically decides whether or not people are going to click on your video and watch it if you're a new channel and you have really poor thumbnails nobody is going to want to click on your video and watch it now I always create three different thumbnails and the algorithm will test all three and pick the best one for me so I would suggest if you guys have enough time to be able to do that definitely create three now when you do create a thumbnail it needs to invoke curiosity and stand out enough for people to want to click on it thumbnail design is a whole different ball game and I know a lot of people struggle with it but for thumbnail inspiration I always use a tool called one of 10 because I know that coming up with thumbnail ideas can be really difficult but this new AI tool makes it so much easier now one of 10 basically picks out all of the viral videos on YouTube gives you a ton of information about them so whenever I'm stuck with the thumbnail ideas I'll log in here and in the search bar I'm basically going to search for videos that are similar to one I'm going to create so let's say I'm going to make a video about barley travel I'll type in barley here and I'll look at all of these thumbnails from viral videos I'm then going to use these as inspiration for my next video because I know that these videos have performed really well so if I can use these as inspiration hopefully it means the thumbnail I create will also work really well you can literally use this for any Niche whatsoever even something like crypto if you wanted to okay then so that is thumbnails done as we scroll down here of course you always need to add your new video to a relevant playlist select not for kids and don't restrict my videos select no for altered content and I always make sure to uncheck these because I add my own timestamps so I don't really want YouTube to try and guess and they add their own for me and then we have taxs again these are also the center of debate when it comes to how important they are some YouTubers argue that they don't make a difference but personally if there's still an option here then they must do something even even if it's only the slightest bit of difference now a really quick and easy way of generating tags is by using a free tags generator just like this just put in your title and it's going to generate loads of SEO heavy tags for you just copy them from here into your tag box and then voila all done for you it's as simple as that now we are going to touch on subtitles but not yet that's going to be done afterwards now I personally don't ever really touch cards because I don't really think they work that well but I will always add an end screen here now I use used to choose this one here which suggests two different videos to the viewers but I've read everywhere that giving people too much Choice often actually hurts your chances of getting them to click so now I always just click this one here which is best for the viewer now all this is is basically it suggests a new video to the viewer when they come to the end of a video like this it's super useful for boosting views and watch time so you always need to include an end screen guys and always just pick best for the viewer then once you've done all that I would recommend commend under visibility here that you select private or unlisted before it goes live you should always let it sit for anywhere between 2 to 24 hours before letting it alive so this gives YouTube and the algorithm enough time to gather enough data as possible about the video before it goes live now this way all the checks are done and when it finally goes live the algorithm should know exactly who to push it out to as it's gathered all of that information about the video it should give it enough data to push it out to the Right audience first time so I always personally give mine anywhere from 2 to 24 hours just before I click live so after that once it's actually uploaded and it's out there you're also now going to want to add subtitles for different languages because having subtitles in different languages will help foreign viewers to watch and enjoy your video and they're much more likely to come back and watch more of your content if they can understand you so all you need to do once you've ater the video is go into it click on subtitles down here click on this one that says automatic captions and these are basically the captions that YouTube has automatically transcribed from your video it's all done for you by the algorithm but this does mean it can often make mistakes so just give it a quick read and make sure there's no like misspelled words or anything in there once you're happy then click publish once that's published you can then go down here and click on ADD language and you have all of these to choose from so make sure to always choose languages like Hindi for Indians Indonesian Filipino or whatever country you have that watches your channel click into one and then click on the pencil under subtitles click on autot translate and then click publish then you literally have brand new subtitles for a brand new language all for free and it will help massively in retaining those foreign viewers who want to watch your video but can't really understand your English okay then so once you've done all of that and the video is finally uploaded and posted out for everyone to see the second it goes live I need you to rewatch it now firstly if you haven't yet I need you to set up a second YouTube account and this is going to be your support account every YouTuber has this and it's basically used to give yourself some extra views and watch time so once a video is uploaded on your main Channel open up your second Channel go in and watch it straight away let it play out in full and of course make sure to give it a like and drop a comment on it too this is just a little bit of fully legal engagement boosting for you it helps get your content off the ground within the first 24 hours so if you're struggling for views I would also suggest loading up on a separate web browser on your laptop or computer where you aren't actually logged into any channel and just watch your video as well as this will also count as a view and help bump up your watch time now make sure whenever you do this that you always watch it until the end this will help your average view duration too the next really simple trick you might have heard of but you might have not have this is where you can link your shorts to your long form videos this is a great little way of getting that extra boost for your video now it's no secret that shorts can bring in massive amounts of views and YouTube has recently enabled creators to link their shorts a long for videos but I still see so many beginners forget to do this so whenever you post a new video I want you to go in and Link that new video to all of your shorts on my travel channel I would always go in with every new Vlog I posted i' go through all of my shorts and Link this new Vlog into them so when someone watches one of my shorts my new video will be listed there and it will always be offered to viewers to click on if they want see more now obviously it won't bring in millions of views but it's just a really simple way of cross-promoting your long videos and your shorts and quickly getting a lot of exposure for them now if you don't know how to do this just go into your sh on YouTube Studio click over here on related and then select your most recent upload so make sure to link every new video you post to all of your shorts it would definitely help just getting you the extra few views now on the topic of shorts if you're not yet creating shorts you're potentially missing out on a ton of new viewers it's well documented now that shorts have the ability to bring in huge amounts of views all of the biggest creators on Youtube upload clips daily and the latest AI tool behind it all is Nexus clips now it's a new AI tool that basically analyzes your videos picks the best segments out and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video it's able to effortly repurpose horizontal videos into vertical videos that you could instantly upload a shorts it also has a facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically I use this tool for all of my travel channel shorts and I got millions of views doing so okay then finally once your video has been uploaded for a while I would suggest you go through and respond to every single comment you get good or bad especially if you're a small YouTuber now for me I get thousands of comments per video so it's quite literally impossible for me to go through and respond to every single one but I do try my best but for those of you who only get a few comments per video you need to make sure you reply to each and every one of them and when you do just try to spark as much conversation as possible so everyone chips in and comments the more comments the more engagement and that's a good sign for the algorithm so that's it guys thank you very much for watching this video I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you learned something useful don't forget to sign up to my YouTube wealth Academy with the link below you'll receive a huge discount I go over so much in that course and I promise you you'll love it thanks for watching guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [787 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
👉 You'll love this next video, watch it here: https://youtu.be/ePJOMYQR_ck
  2. @SanatanaShoda03 [1 likes]: Just got started with my channel and i am really lucky to be with you guys..!! Lets all get monetised by this year end..all the best...
  3. @Ishikagoyat [1 likes]: Very helpful video, mate!❤
  4. @chadglick7664 [1 likes]: ChadGlick content is favorable….check it out
  5. @SamiraMsh-b2m: New here on YT🤞🏻
  6. @MistaBongaa: Any small creators watching right now let's interact❤
  7. @DJChameleon87: This was such an excellent step by step walk through for everything I needed to do after I had finished recording and editing my first serious video upload and had my first Thumbnail and Title already created.  I was on the YouTube upload page knowing from past videos i had watched that there was so many important things that I needed to do before hitting publish but I couldn't for the life of me remember it all since I have been watching YouTube Creator tutorials for a few months and recording and editing videos for the last month before I finally had recorded and edited a video that finally felt at least good enough to be a debut video.

Thanks for taking away the stress and walking me though all the way to hitting the publish button and then what to do immediately thereafter.

At the risk of self-promotion, here is the link to the video that is still unlisted as I am following the guidance to wait a couple hours before publishing.

https://youtu.be/qWdD0sOWS9Q
  8. @legallyblinddesign9529: i know this video is over a year old but i'm confused on the linking  your shorts to  your long form content .. I want to make sure i understand .. when I make long form content  i'm taking a short clip from that video and uploading it to shorts then linking the long form video  ( or play list  if its a series)  within that short ?
  9. @khrismamcmurray9695: With the waiting to publish suggestion, does that also include scheduled posts? If i upload a video a week in advance is youtube still getting that data to push it forward or only if its listed as private or unlisted?
  10. @huwalban: Quick question if I may on the subject of file names? For videos that are already public, is there any point in deleting and re-uploading with a new file name? Thank you
  11. @veritevivante: Hi !
I don't see it  . I can not  sign it
  12. @Justmetal73: Expert, ya right, common sense, everyone learns on their own
  13. @Wanlabbwanfam: Thanks 😊
  14. @zvaghningaming: Yeah guys.. We can do it🎉
  15. @gerdfriendlykitchen: Good luck to all new channels who are sharing worthy and good information that serve other people and help them to achieve their good goals🎉
  16. @FrecuenciaDopamina: Gracias
  17. @askhan5112: best credit cards for beginners
  18. @Mrs.DeagleDeagle: Thanks Dan, helpful tips! I started a niche gaming channel about 30 days ago just prerecorded/edited Titanfall 2 clips - using the just the EVA-8 shotgun as I've been using it strictly for the past 12 years. I have issues because part of my niche is I have an ultrawide monitor so i record in 32:9 to stand out from the 9:16 - so this makes the video look wide and skinny but much better resolution. This I think has shock factor for most used to seeing 9:16, but I'm sticking to my guns on this one. The slog to get my subs up is real, granted the channel is new, but these tips are useful. Thanks again, and good luck everyone! Wish y'all the best!
  19. @supremefootballhub8237: Subscribed today.
  20. @LaSirenitaLaurita: I will say, I will never use ai, and chatgpt. I am against the use of these two.

- How to target USA Audience on YouTube in 2025?: Kind: captions Language: en almost 40% viewers from the US on my brand new channel that too from the first video itself and in this video I will reveal the exact six-step process through which I was able to achieve it in fact step five and six are the most crucial ones when it comes to attracting audience from the US and if you don't follow it this just might not work have you been struggling to get more views from the USA or other top tier countries I was facing the same problems too when I started my channel even though I was doing everything that the guru said I could only get the United States to be my second most viewing demographic that's when I decided to go into the rabbit hole to find out exactly what needs to be done to fix this issue and then after tons of research I finally found the golden formula once I started implementing it I was able to get us as my top viewing country back to back to back which shows that this formula is guaranteed to work so without any further Ado let's get started step one your video language in order to Target more viewers from the US first you need to record your videos in the English language wow never heard of that before wait hear me out that's not all your videos should not only be recorded in the English language but it should also have a US accent you can use tools like dubdub or 11 labs to do that just go to 11 Labs click on The Voice library and sort by the English Language American accent and select select category as professional you'll get the best quality voices with the American accent here use any of the voices that suit your requirement and mood of the video for the best output which takes us to the next step step two using the right upload settings now that you have created your content in English with the US accent it's time to use the right settings when you upload the video for this it's necessary that you upload the videos from the YouTube Studio on a desktop and not from your mobile the first thing you need to set here is the video language here you need to set the video language to English United States if you want to Target the us or English United Kingdom if you want to Target the UK the next setting you need to add is the video location here give a main country you want to Target for this video purpose I will set it as the United States step three setting the Right video category this is an extension of step two where you need to select the Right video category in the upload SE to ensure that most views you get are from the US for this there are two ways to go depending on the type of content you need to set the category accordingly if your channel belongs to the education category and you provide information of some kind in your videos then select the category education then select the type as how to and lastly in the academic system set the country as United States or the country you prefer to Target if your channel is focused on entertainment or anything aart apart from information then in that case select the category people and blogs these settings will boost your chances of attracting in US audience exponentially but this will only work if you follow the next two steps so let's get into that step four selecting the right Niche this becomes very crucial as if you target the wrong Niche you might end up attracting the wrong type of audiences in order to select the right Niche do the following go to chat GPT and type in the following prompt hey chat GPT I want to start a profitable YouTube channel primarily targeting people from the US suggest me 10 niches that specifically Target the US audience have a high RPM are very high in demand have high scope of virality and are very easy to produce requiring minimal editing in downtime chat GPT will give you a list of profitable niches that you can get into to specifically Target in US audience but what if you have already started a channel and don't want change your nich our next step covers the solution to that by the way would you like to go viral in print money through Tik Tok Instagram reels and YouTube shorts starting tomorrow I have found this amazing bundle of ready to upload copyright free viral shorts in the motivational reels Niche and the productivity Niche both of which are really high in demand and has a high RPM the best part you don't have to do anything these are already proven done for you viral reels just download the videos from the members area re-upload the video on different platforms and use the techniques I share in the video above to go viral starting tomorrow these are some accounts that's already printing money with this exact bundle and if you want to skip the queue of waiting for months to get your Tik Tok and YouTube channel monetized then you can use this amazing website to buy pre monetized Tik Tok and YouTube accounts with highquality Western audiences at a very cheap price check the link in the description for more details and use code aipf 5 for an additional 5% discount on the pre- monetized accounts now back to the main video step five selecting the right topics once you have selected a niche or if you're running with an already existing Niche the next important thing that determines your primary country of viewership is the Right video topic for this use the following prompt in chat GPT hey chat GPT I am running a YouTube channel in the niche write your Niche name suggest me 30 video ideas in this niche that have high virality and specifically have high demand in the US and not other countries chat GPT will give you a list of Highly potent ideas for your next videos now in order to validate these ideas copy each topic one by one go to YouTube and search with each topic to see if there are videos on these topics that are going viral and are still getting good number of views per hour with the vid IQ extension if there are videos having an high outlier score in a similar topic and are also getting good number of views per hour you can short list this as one of your next video topics I have deep dived into this in another video which you can check out by clicking on the link above by the way since you have made it till here there's a bonus trick to ensure you get more viewers from the US bonus tip when you upload your videos ensure that you upload at a time most convenient to US time zones if you're uploading on weekdays aim to upload between 3:00 p.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET or during the afternoon noon and early evening if you're uploading on weekends then aim to upload between the 3:00 p.m. to 600 p.m. slot or the 600 p.m. to 900 p.m. slot if you follow each step then you are guaranteed to reach audience primarily from the US or the country of your choice but just getting the right demographics is not good enough you need to consistently post on topics that make you go viral again and again to get to 1,000 Subs fast and meet the watch hour requirements for monetization I have deep dived into the exact strategies on how you can do that in this video here feel free to check it out [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @AIProfitsLab [18 likes]: This video itself has helped us generate over $2,500 in the last two weeks! 

For more details check the thread below👇🏻
  2. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 👍 Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪💪💪
  3. @pika.choups [6 likes]: 1. Record your video in English with a US accent 
2. Use the right settings : upload from a Desktop
- Set the video language to English US
- Set the video location in the United States
3. Set the right category : « Education », How-to and US as the Academy. Or « People » for other type of videos.
4. Select the right niche targeting the US audience, ask chatGPT
5. Selecting the right topics, ask chatGPT
6. Upload at the right times: weekdays 3pm-5pm weekends 3pm-6pm or 6pm-9pm
  4. @levxainanime [1 likes]: Can you give tips about how to use viral  sounds properly so we won't get copyrighted issue?
  5. @DenversFurryFriends [1 likes]: Thanks for this ideas
  6. @chaptersongproject: Let’s try this. Thank you and God bless!
  7. @Man_facee: I'm In United States
  8. @DeadFactsSkull: So in every upload the video you have to set the video location in us?
  9. @PARANORMALSTEWARD: I've tried but I still have zero views on YouTube.I need your help
  10. @Juhmeizu: thanks
  11. @WhiskerTalesAIStories: Thank 🎉
  12. @reallifepovyt: Seeing this in 2026
  13. @LunailunLun: Oke thanks
  14. @GodofPeakFiction: India be everywhere 😂
  15. @gucciclips1: Goods advice , I think it's the basic we have to know about YouTube automation
  16. @aicreatoracademy27: Awesome
  17. @levxainanime: Thank you so much for the information..
  18. @InfintyPhysics: ❤️
  19. @myfurnishingsg: Is this still working?
  20. @JAclips24: Ty❤❤❤❤

- Does changing YouTube video title or thumbnail affect views?: Kind: captions Language: en does changing a video title effect views oh absolutely but it depends entirely on how your audience reacts to your first of all your new title and thumbnail second of all to your existing metadata Search terms and to the related Search terms that YouTube assigned automatically if your new title and thumbnail lead to a higher or lower average percentage viewed average view duration or click rate YouTube will adjust its promotion YouTube keeps testing metadata search ter and audiences to see if they react well they do this in YouTube search but also YouTube suggested if it can't find the Right audience your video is dead and Dead videos are really hard to resurrect because the YouTube algorithm made up its mind people don't respond so don't promote the video changing a title and a thumbnail on a dead video will almost never work if your videos have a little bit of traction even if it's not much it's absolutely worth a shot to change your title and thumbnail but it's still really hard in this case I changed the thumbnail for this video the video wasn't performing very well the first signs look really good this is the 48h hour graph 24 hours after the change I changed the thumbnail here and My Views started to increase now let's look at the audience retention graph I select a period before the change from here to here it is about 19% this video is a little bit longer so M but it's still bad now let's look at what happened when I changed the thumbnail the average percentage viewed dropped to 10% you see that the audience retention graph shows worse statistics YouTube has tested the video hasn't found a positive result that means that My Views will go down and that is exactly what happened now it is 24 hours later and we can see in our 48 Hours graph that here is the increased amount of views and here my views went down again when you change your title and thumbnail measure the amount of increased views that a video got and the audience retention I use a spreadsheet to track changes this way I can see if the change has a positive or A negative effect if you like you can download this spreadsheet for free from my website the link is in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @IkesVintageTech [4 likes]: Starting to play with some older thumbnails. Decided to use my best performing video that has since flat lined from 8 months ago to see if there’s any uptick.
  2. @loriantrees [3 likes]: Just started my YT page
  3. @itscallietaylor [3 likes]: I tried updating a Title from two months ago and no luck! I've def learned to have better titles and thumbnails.
  4. @RitchieRosson [2 likes]: I tweaked by end screen last night and it flat lined the views on a video that was doing well. :( Great video.
  5. @AvivMakesRobots [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing that example!
  6. @jumpbos [1 likes]: This video showed up first on Google search when i typed... does changing youtube video title affect views ...
  7. @MutedTracks: Ahaa, this probably happened to me, because i changed my titles to be more accurate to my artist name. I lost many views after this.
  8. @taucetialpha4462: I got a question: I have videos over 40K (the amount is not important) views and i want to know if I  rename one of my videos, will i lose the total number of views of the remaned video ?
  9. @Sokcreator: Thanks for sharing that example!

- YouTube SEO: How I Rank #1 on YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en anyone can rank number one on YouTube you just have to know about the what I like to call KVs strategy a freestep blueprint that I've used the last 4 years to rank over 1,000 videos on YouTube resulting in over 140 million views Decay stands for keyword before you make your video you need to know which keyword you want to rank four the biggest mistake you can make is recording your video and then deciding your video keywords at the moment of uploading instead you want to research keywords to analyze if you can rank number one and then make your video now here is what a 10 out of 10 keyword would look like first of all low competition there shouldn't be big channels ranking everywhere for this keyword number two good search volume you don't want to rank for a keyword that no one searches for because that's not going to get you views anyway number three no matching keyword this is the key to ranking number one quickly even with a small Channel what this means is that there's no other video that has the exact keyword that you search for as their title here's how I find keywords like that for this I use vid IQ I go to research and then I start off by searching for a main broad keyword in my Niche let's say I make videos about editing I can search for editing as that main broad keyword then hit search you want to ignore all of this and click on matching terms what this will do is that VI Q will now show you more keywords that include the initial keyword that you search for so I have an entire list of keywords that include editing scroll through and find something that looks interesting to you to me right now that is reals video editing click on this and then once again click on matching terms this is now going to show you even more specific detailed keywords that we can potentially make a video about and rank for 3D reals video editing once again matching terms and there we go right now we're very specific 3D after effect video reals editing once you found a keyword that looks interesting copy it Go to YouTube and search for it then to do research properly you want to make sure that you've got the vid IQ extension installed we're now looking at competition search volume and the matching keyword number one ranking videos from a Channel with 10 ,000 subscribers that is pretty decent but it's not insanely big then we've got 16,000 subscribers in number two 20,000 subscribers 27,000 so overall the competition for this keyword is not extremely big then you want to open up all the videos that are ranking in the top four or five spots in a brand new tab once you've done that with VI IQ you're able to see how many views per hour this video is getting as of right now you want to confirm that for the ranking videos the number of views per hour is pretty significant which is an indication of people are still actively searching for this keyword which for this keyword is definitely the case this video is at 50 views per hour this one close to 100 the third video is also around 50 views per hour and the lowest ranking one is at 16 views per hour we've now confirmed the competition is not crazy the search volume is good as well these videos are getting good traffic which means all there's left is to see whether someone is actually using our keyword as their title so you want to copy the keyword then crl F paste the keyword in there and then you'll see how many results there are which in this case is is just one which is our search phrase right here which means there's no one that is using this exact keyword phrase as their title which means we have just found a keyword that we can easily rank number one for simply because there is traffic the competition is not big but mainly there's no one that has this exact keyword as their title which means that if we make that video with that title we're going to show up when people search for this which brings us to the second letter of KVs the v stands for video and this is where 99% go wrong having a good keyword is only the beginning your video needs to be good you have to make exactly what the viewer wants to see so here's what I recommend you do to increase your chances of ranking your video first of all research the currently ranking videos watch all of them for the entire video to see what they're doing and what you can improve then you want to read the comments for feedback that you can Implement on all of those videos you can learn a lot from the comments under a video yet no one is doing this someone has already made a video there's feedback given on that video in the comments which if you apply that to your new video yours is going to be better than the currently ranking ones which brings us to the final letter which is the S stands for SEO first of all we must make sure that the exact keyword that people are searching for makes up the majority of our title which means that if I want to rank for 3D after effect video reals editing I'm going to make my title look like this this includes the entire keyword that people search for and I've just inserted tutorial at the end so that the title is still natural and easy to read you can also add brackets to make it more enticing to click that might include the year or something like stepbystep to help them understand that this is going to be a full step-by-step tutorial all right title done now we need to do the description first of all what I always do is I simply copy the keyword in my title and then I put it at the top of the description next up I want to include a few related keywords to our main keyword in the description how we do that is I go back to vid IQ I click related keywords and I'll get to see a list of other slightly related keywords that people search for and I want to include the relevant ones in my description we do this to tell YouTube what our video is about but also to potentially rank for these other keywords so I've selected these four keywords which I'm going to use in my description so here's what I've got in this after effects tutorial I will show you how to do 3D after effects video reals editing even if you're a beginner this will help you make Motion Graphics and overall be better at video editing so I've just included these four related keywords naturally in my description next up is our thumbnail all this needs to be is better than the competition make sure it's clickable and easy to understand once again go back to the keyword see which videos are currently ranking and make sure that yours is better what you'll see here is that all of them are very similar 3D viral reels 3D viral reels 3D viral reels 3D viral reels no I'm not bugging they're just saying that on every thumbnail which means it's proven to work but you should probably slightly switch it up all that's left now is the tags now this doesn't really matter at all so what I always do I take the keyword that I want to rank for I copy it I go to a website called rapid tags.io I paste in my keyword I search these are the results that show up I copy this and then I paste it directly into my video I've actually made a step-by-step Word document describing how you can rank number one following all the steps I just gave you I'll leave a link down below for you to download it and also if you want my full 1hour breakdown of how this works and see me do it live on camera click the video on the screen right here it's probably the best video I've ever made so I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [52 likes]: ✅ Get VidIQ for 30 days for $1: https://vidiq.com/yourivanhofwegen

In this youtube seo guide I reveal how I rank all my videos #1 on youtube. This is a step by step tutorial that anyone can follow to get more views on youtube by leveraging youtube seo traffic. 

🔗 Mentioned in Video
▶ https://youricreates.com/free-guide (FREE 3 Step Guide to Rank Videos #1)
▶ https://vidiq.com/yourivanhofwegen
▶ rapidtags
  2. @SincerelyTracie [26 likes]: This is where I failed on this channel. Thanks
  3. @red_lotus_life [21 likes]: Wow I didn't realize how much goes into the research prior to even creating a video. Thank you for sharing!
  4. @silvananelsonhomes [4 likes]: Great video - I hit Control f - but nothing happens ?
  5. @neiltucker1355 [4 likes]: Loved this video, it was packed full of useful information.
  6. @Yoshi-t5xKm [3 likes]: i should have to do it, nice video
  7. @solitasims [3 likes]: this is a brilliant strategy. thank you for this!
  8. @VincentCardenas-t7t [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  9. @ElizaChyle [1 likes]: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @jermainehawkins2170 [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  11. @NicklinGuillette [1 likes]: I’ve never seen it explained this way.
  12. @MaggieTally [1 likes]: Love how authentic this feels.
  13. @coachjoaking [1 likes]: You are the bestv
  14. @propheticworshiprealm [1 likes]: Thanks
  15. @SandratlFmdasha: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  16. @SamuelBaoSakdaKouki3158: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  17. @Anjelia-g1i: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  18. @MarcusSmith-i5x: Real talk.
  19. @ProbyMuramoto: Why was this actually so entertaining?
  20. @smartzedits: Straight to point. No Bull Shit. I apperciate that

- YouTube SEO 2026: How I Rank #1 on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube SEO in 2026 works completely differently than it did a couple of years ago. And if you're still following the old way, you're basically setting yourself up for failure. I've been doing this for over 4 years now, ranking over a,000 videos and pulling in more than 200 million views using one specific strategy. The name of this entire strategy is KVS, and it's the framework that ties all of these steps together. And in this video, I'm going to break down each step so you can start ranking number one for any keyword you want. The K and KVS stands for keyword. Here's what a lot of people get wrong. They think they need to make the video first and then decide on the title and figure out how to rank for it. But it's actually the opposite. You want to first find the keyword you want to rank for and only then make the video. This way, you're not guessing whether your video will rank number one. You already know there's demand before you even start recording. So, let me show you exactly how to find and analyze 10 out of 10 keywords that you can actually rank for. Here are the three things that a 10 out of 10 keyword needs. Number one, low competition, so you can easily outperform everyone else ranking for it. Number two, good search volume, meaning people are actually interested in searching for it. Number three, no matching keyword. You'll be the only one using that exact keyword. This is the key to ranking quickly, even with a small YouTube channel. So, here's exactly how I find keywords like that. The tool I'm using is called Vid IQ, and it is by far the best SEO tool for YouTube. When you first sign up, you want to head over to keywords and type in any broad keyword in your niche. For me, that's going to be design. You want to go broad here and focus on the industry you want to reach. After that, click on matching terms. This only shows keywords that contain your original search. Type in design, click matching terms, and you'll see matching keywords. This is powerful because it lets you move quickly from a broad industry term to a full list of more specific keywords. And that's exactly where the opportunity is. These longer, more specific keywords usually have lower competition, which makes it much easier to rank at the top and grow your channel. From here, I'm going to select something I'm interested in, which for me is motion design. I'm going to repeat the process to go even deeper. So, for this one, I'll click matching terms again and select motion design for Da Vinci Resolve. Then, I'm going to repeat this once more to get my final keyword, which is how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Once I have that ready, I'm going to head over to YouTube. I'm going to paste my keyword into the search field. After the search, I check competition, volume, and keyword match. When looking at competition, you want to check for big channels ranking for your keyword. In this example, some channels have large followings. But that doesn't mean this keyword is out of reach. I'll show you exactly why this matters in just a second. The next thing we want to look at is volume. Make sure the Vid IQ extension is installed in Chrome. It shows a video's views per hour. Some of these videos are getting over 10 views per hour, which is pretty solid for a small channel. This tells you people are actively searching for this topic right now. And the last thing is the key that makes it possible to rank for this keyword, even with bigger channels showing up. That's the matching keyword factor. We want to see if the videos currently ranking are actually using this exact keyword in their titles. You can check this by pressing Ctrl+F and searching for your keyword to see if anything comes up. For me, nothing does. None of these videos are actually using this keyword in their title. And here's why that matters. YouTube always ranks the most relevant result. When your title matches exactly what someone searches for, your video becomes the most relevant result. When no other title includes that keyword, your video becomes the top match for that search. Because you're the most relevant, people are going to click. And YouTube wants to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible. So, they prioritize giving searchers exactly what they're looking for. Let me show you exactly how this works by walking through a real example. If you look at this video ranking here, the title is how to edit stunning motion graphics in Da Vinci Resolve. Now, watch what happens when I search for that exact title. There it is. Number one. That's exactly how YouTube decides to rank videos. And that's exactly why the matching keyword factor is so powerful. Now, we know we can rank for this keyword. There's search volume and no big competitors. So, we move to the V in KVS video. Because if your video isn't good, it doesn't matter how perfect your keyword is. YouTube wants to rank content that viewers actually enjoy watching. So, your job is to create exactly what the viewer is looking for when they type in that search. Here's how I make sure my videos outperform the competition. First, I revisit the top ranking videos and watch all of them from start to finish. I'm paying attention to what they cover, how they explain things, what visuals they use, and most importantly, what they're missing. Then I do something that almost nobody thinks to do. I take the time to read through the comments and see what people are actually saying. The comment section is basically free market research. People are literally telling you what they liked, what they wish the video had included, and what confused them. Someone already made a video on this topic and viewers already gave their feedback. All you have to do is take that feedback and apply it to your video. This way, you're not just creating a similar video, you're creating a better version of what already exists. And that's exactly what YouTube wants to rank. Now, let's move on to the final letter in the KVS strategy. The S in KVS stands for SEO, and this is where we tie everything together. First, the title needs to clearly include the main keyword people are searching for. So, if I want to rank for how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve, my title is going to look like this. How to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Notice how the entire keyword is right there in the title. Beginner tutorial at the end makes the title clearer. Adding the year step by step or beginner friendly helps people know what to expect. This builds trust before they even click. With the title finished, let's move on to the description. The first thing I always do is take the keyword from my title and paste it right at the top of my description. This reinforces to YouTube exactly what your video is about. All right, the title is done. Now, let's move on to the description. To find these, I go back to Vid IQ and click on related keywords. This gives me a list of related terms people are searching for that connect to my main keyword. I pick the ones that are most relevant and naturally work them into my description. We do this for two reasons. First, it tells YouTube more about our video so it knows when to recommend it. And second, it gives us a chance to rank for these other keywords, too. So, for this example, my description looks like this. In this video, you'll learn how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve step by step. This Da Vinci Resolve tutorial shows how to use Fusion and Da Vinci Resolve Fusion to create simple motion design elements explained clearly and made simple for beginners. Perfect if you're new to Motion Design and want Da Vinci Resolve made simple. See how I've included multiple related keywords, but it still reads like a normal sentence. That's exactly what you want. Now, when it comes to creating your thumbnail, the most important thing is that it has to be better than the competition you're ranking against. So, if we go back and look at the videos we're competing with, you'll notice most of them are using pretty dark thumbnails. Very few of them actually include a face. This makes creating a standout thumbnail easy. A high contrast thumbnail with a face grabs more attention. The way I create thumbnails, and what I recommend you do, too, is by using a tool called pixels. Here's how it works. If you head over to the recreate feature, you can paste in a link to a YouTube video or a thumbnail that you like. Pixels will use that as a reference. So, you're not starting from scratch. you're building off something that's already proven to work, then you can add yourself into the thumbnail by selecting your persona. If you don't have one yet, just click create and upload a few images of yourself. Pixels then generates a thumbnail that follows the same style and includes you. And just like that, I have a professional thumbnail ready to go for my video. I'll leave a link to a full Pixels tutorial in the description if you want a deeper breakdown of how to use it. Now, the last thing we need to cover is tags. Honestly, tags don't matter nearly as much as they used to, but I still fill them in because it takes 10 seconds. Here's what I do. I take the keyword I want to rank for, copy it, and head over to a website called rapid tags.io. I paste in the keyword, click search, and it gives me a list of relevant tags. I just copy those and paste them directly into my video. And that's the entire KVS strategy. You now know how to rank number one on any video you want in 2026. Think about it. You can step into any niche, find a keyword, create a better video than what's already ranking, and set up your SEO so YouTube naturally puts you at the top. And with Vid IQ, you can do all of this in minutes, making the entire process effortless. Click the link in the description to sign up for Vid IQ and start ranking your next video. I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [12 likes]: Rank #1 with VidIQ 👉 https://vidiq.com/youri
  2. @gamer2-t6d [8 likes]: You need to fail multiple times to achieve success 🔥
  3. @AuroraReport [2 likes]: Being a creator myself, I truly understand the effort behind simplifying complex things. This video is gold for anyone struggling to find the right path in their YouTube journey. The way you shared the strategy is both logical and inspiring. Thank you for being a mentor to us all. Keep shining!
  4. @Samthehogtakeover [2 likes]: More keyword vids brother! I appreciate you
  5. @Chrissavv [1 likes]: Thanks for the inspiration man, this thumbnail part was awesome ❤
  6. @SuccessTelugu [1 likes]: Awesome
  7. @nasirghaffar4408 [1 likes]: Subscribed! 

It was helpful :)
  8. @salimreza8683 [1 likes]: Great this video.
  9. @IlindaeeLopezt: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @VanToiVu-b4j: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  11. @NahidUddin-f4n: Bro Love From Bangladesh
  12. @BrownGirlstorie: I was looking for this kinda tutorials…. Thanks so much 😊
  13. @gsmfrpbay: Brother well done ✅. Actually your a pro in this YouTube 😊
  14. @silverstoric3450: great video thanks
  15. @SmartSummaries-k7q: Thanks for that .
  16. @RandyReynolds-g7t: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @WolfgangAlbert-wi7ji: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  18. @AsaniAsi: Amazing information
  19. @Lionel_ronaldo25: Thank you for this information ❤
  20. @PeterMaina-i1w: I love your videos so much

- How to Rank in YouTube Search (SEO Beginners Guide): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has changed if you're still relying on outdated tips and keyword hacks then you're leaving views and subscribers on the table this year YouTube's algorithm is smarter than ever so what actually works now to get views and grow your channel in this video we're going to be covering the newest SEO strategies to help your videos rank higher get discovered faster and grow your channel without wasting time on things that no longer matter we're going to be covering the number one ranking factor that YouTube cares about the difference between keywords and tags on YouTube and what really matters the biggest SEO mistakes that might be killing your channel and a step-by-step strategy for helping you get more views and subscribers fast you know I've been studying YouTube for over a decade I've got three silver play buttons a gold play button and I've helped thousands of creators rank videos through our program video ranking Academy so you can be confident that what you're about to learn is not a waste of your time this is an indepth Master Class and your complete guide to getting results let's begin you got to just press record now before we cover the five YouTube SEO and keyword strategies that are working this year and the list of outdated tactics that you want to avoid let's get on the same page by defining what is YouTube SEO and what is the difference between keywords and tags SEO stands for search engine optimization so YouTube SEO has the goal of getting your videos discovered by the right people on YouTube and Beyond through smart optimization of your videos this includes picking the right keywords so that YouTube knows what your video is about optimizing titles descriptions and tags so that viewers click and stay creating engaging thumbnails to boost click-through rates encouraging watchtime and engagement so that YouTube keeps recommending your content and leveraging captions chapters and metadata for accessibility and discoverability and then you also want to study your analytics so that you can tweak and improve your future videos because data will tell you what's working in your content and what's not working so at its core YouTube SEO is about helping the YouTube algorithm help you by making your content easy to find engaging to watch and irresistible to recommend now the next question that we must answer is what is the difference between keywords on YouTube and YouTube tags while there are some similarities they're actually kind of two different things so YouTube keywords are the words and phrases that let YouTube know what your video is about these are primarily going to show up in your titles in your descriptions and in your actual video script meaning the things you're saying in your video and these words and phrases are very important because they are going to help with search and recommendations so for example on this channel think media we talk a lot about the best cameras for Content creators and we'll make a video that could be titled best budget cameras for YouTube that's a phrase that people would naturally search for and could be placed in the title in the description and I would be verbally saying it in the video as well YouTube tags on the other hand are more about the backend metadata they are extra keywords that you add in the tags section of your video and they have minimal impact today as far as SEO goes they don't carry very much weight but YouTube has said they can help with misspellings or alternative spellings and so you still want to use them properly so some of the tags I would use for a video on the best budget camera for YouTube could be tags like cheap cameras comma YouTube cameras comma best camera for YouTube comma and variations reinforcing the big idea of the video I'm creating so now that we understand what YouTube SEO is and the difference between keywords and tags let's dive into the five YouTube SEO and keyword strategies that are working right now number one research before you press record one of the biggest myths on YouTube is that keyword research is dead but it's actually still very important but maybe for a different reason than many people think the reason why you want to do keyword research and really topic and video idea research before you film your video is so that you can actually find out what people are searching for so that your video has a higher likelihood of getting discovered this also helps you craft your videos intentionally and purposefully so your content is relevant and not random another reason is you want to use the right phrases and words in your titles and in your description so that YouTube knows exactly who to show your videos to and keyword research can also help you stay ahead of Trends so you're making videos that people actually want to watch well how exactly do you do keyword research effectively well in this video we're going to cover a couple different ways you can use YouTube search Google search Google Trends and also cool YouTube software tools like vid IQ and the key thing that you're looking for in this research phase is you're verifying that people are actually interested in this topic so you don't waste your time filming a video that nobody wants to watch you're actually studying to see demand because a great video that nobody is searching for won't get views so number one is research before you press record number two is use YouTube autocomplete for free keyword ideas here's how it works you want to start typing a topic into YouTube search bar then YouTube autocomplete will suggest real searches that people are typing and the cool thing is these predictions are based on actual demand so let's say you wanted to make a video about a walking pad that you just purchased for your home office that's something I just got and I actually love the one that I'm using and so when we type in Walking pad we could see see that this does show up which this is the test you want there to actually be predictions here which is telling you okay people around the world are looking for these things and the terms that are towards the top have the most interest so people are searching for a walking pad treadmill or a walking pad review or a walking pad workout but we can go all the way down to a walking pad versus a treadmill before and after and so there's a lot of key word phrases here that can influence our video ideas and our video titles and a pro tip is to try different variations and see what pops up we might put best walking pad in front of it we could have videos pop up with the year after 2024 2025 2026 you might have best walking pad treadmill on Amazon and so the Nuance of the different angles of these video topics is where the opportunity is and all this information can be used in your titles in your tags and in your description and here's some cool tricks you could do with the YouTube search bar that not a lot of people know about one of the things you can do in front of your topic is you could put a letter and an underscore space and this will actually then put words in front of your key term in our case walking pad and oiling a walking pad using a walking pad while working and again it's giving us some more nuances and you could go through the entire alphabet bet with that and then what you also can try is experimenting with words after your core topic so if we're talking about walking pads we might type in for and so now we're getting more ideas walking pad for heavy person for weight loss desk for tall person and so you can get very specific with the insights that are coming from the YouTube search bar and so this is the power of researching before you press record and using YouTube autocomplete to inspire video ideas and content for your title description and your tags and if you're already finding some value out of this video it would mean the world to me if you hit the like button and subscribe to the channel for more videos that will help you grow your YouTube channel but let's dive into number three number three is use software like vid IQ to analyze keyword competition keyword opportunities and Trends and get additional creative ideas so here we are in the back end of vid IQ and the cool thing about this software is it connects to your YouTube channel and so you can get powerful insights and we're going to be clicking on the keyword tool and what we find here is the ability to Search keywords kind of like we just did on YouTube but now we can do it with some additional data so if we type in Walking pad like we were doing in the previous tip we can now see a score on this topic we can see how much search volume there is for walking pads 63,000 people plus search for it on any given month and the competition is relatively low and so vid IQ assigns this topic with an overall score if it's closer to green and closer to 100 this particular score is 74 then that's great it tells you that there's less competition around this topic if it's in yellow or red then it might be harder to break through and rank and get views for this topic because of how much saturation there is now we also have the ability to see some search data so people looking for a walking pad review around 13,000 a month the best walking pad 10,000 a month and then we can go down to much lower numbers like walking pad treadmill results at 944 a month but still great however it would say that this is a not great search volume with quite a bit of competition of people sharing their walking pad results so in our researching before we press record that might not be the next video that we want to make now there's some really cool things that vid IQ does that I want to show you but if you've never tried it before you can actually get 30 days for just $1 if you want to check that out there's a link in the description down below or just go to vid iq.com slink I am an affiliate for vid IQ which simply means that I may get a commission if you use my link but I really think you're going to love the software in fact let's dive in and check out more of what it does and so on the left side of the page here you can see there's a lot of different tools that are included with fit IQ but we're just focusing on keywords for this video and so if you type in number one a keyword into the Search tool it's going to give you the score the related keywords it's going to give you matching keywords and some questions and it's going to give you top trending videos for walking pad which is really cool because you can look what other people are doing a lot of shorts content and what we can study here is how many views are these videos getting is there any angles or content ideas that might Inspire our content you can also organize the data in different ways you could look at related keywords and you could organize them by their related score the amount of search volume how much competition there is the overall score or even the number of words because the big idea with words could be long tail keywords are easier to rank for so how walking makes you shed fat or the revvo 2in1 under desk treadmill a very specific product that might not get a ton of views but the intent of the viewer looking for that information can be much higher when again there are more words in the topic or in the title you could look at matching terms but one of my favorites is questions which brings us to our fourth tip which is answer specific questions that meet viewer needs many people turn to YouTube to solve problems and learn new skills in fact in 2020 77% of respondents reported using YouTube to learn a new skill and so one of our favorite strategies here at think media is what we call asq or answering specific questions and you could use a tool like YouTube autocomplete or vid IQ to search out and identify the questions people are asking and then create YouTube videos based off those questions and so that's what I love about this section of the vid IQ tool when you click on questions you're now looking at specific questions that people want answers to how good is the walking pad treadmill spur ax versus the walking pad that's two different brands and maybe you can get your hands on each one to review those do I need to lubricate a walking pad treadmill it's actually a question that I have I've had mine for a couple of weeks and I'm wondering that same question actually now that I think about it and so here's a few thoughts for implementing this strategy and identifying common questions first use tools like vid IQ to discover related keywords and top questions in your Niche second create content that provides clear answers what you want to do is develop videos that directly address these questions offering concise and actionable solutions and in some cases you might be thinking like these are very specific questions these aren't going to be viral videos and you'd be right but a lot of creators when you're trying to get your first 100 subscribers your first a th000 subscribers you're under estimating the power of getting one view you're underestimating the power of getting 10 views of people looking for very specific things and what you'll notice is there's a lot of golden opportunities because a lot of people haven't seen a video like this like this information applied can really help you grow your YouTube channel but then thirdly you want to make sure your video is optimized correctly I mean that's the power of YouTube SEO how exactly are you going to title your video what are you going to write in your YouTube description and actually in a bit I'm going to share with you a complete checklist of how to optimize your video when you upload it on YouTube so you don't miss anything now in just a second we're going to be covering the outdated tactics that do not work and are a total waste of your time but we still need to hit point number five number five is Niche down with longtail keywords for better results now we touched on this a little bit earlier but let's get clear on our definition so a longtail keyword is a specific phrase that people search for usually three plus words long and if you really want the opportunities it might be 5 6 7 8 nine words long and the reason why this works is less competition so they're easier to rank more targeted audience you're attracting a very specific audience but essentially getting the right viewers which means ultimately you'll get higher conversion rates now that's a conversation for another day but essentially means that you can make more money with things like affiliate marketing or even your own products and services because you have a much more specialized higher intent viewer that are finding this type of video so what is the difference between a keyword and a longtail keyword well an example would be a video titled podcast kind of ridiculous but if you think about it that would be too broad there's like way too much competition also doesn't even really make sense but if you made a video titled how to start a podcast for beginners and you could even include the year as well well it's much more specific and therefore easier to rank so how exactly do you find longtail keyword ideas I've got a really sneaky tactic to share with you in just a second but if we recap using YouTube autocomplete you're building out typing in things before your core term or building out the words after looking for very specific ideas and you can use that for free you can also check vid IQ looking for phrases with good search volume and also low competition and again if you want to try out vid IQ hit the link in the show notes and the description but but another cool place is to look at the people also asked section on Google so most people don't know about this cool way to come up with smart YouTube video ideas so if you just go to Google Search and type in walkingpad you then can look at the results you're going to get some sponsored results you're going to get some ranked web pages but then you're going to get the people also asked section now let's see what we can find here can you lose weight by walking 30 minutes a day on a treadmill are walking pads any good is a walking PAD as good as a treadmill what is the best walking pad on the market remember our previous tip we want to answer specific questions and what we're seeing in this section of Google is very specific questions that the world wants to know but let's take this thing even deeper if you scroll to the bottom of a Google page you can also find the section people also searched for and this is going to give you some keyword phrases not in a question in this case but you're going to see walking pad UK walking Pad de cathlon what is that walking pad with incline and now you're getting more insights during your research phase so we've covered five specific YouTube SEO tips you can apply for finding keywords and applying them to your videos at the end of this video I'm going to be breaking down the 10 ranking factors that matter but as promised we got to talk about the outdated SEO things that do not work anymore and you should absolutely avoid because they will waste your time so I've got six outdated YouTube tactics to share with you but one of the things I want you to see is when we head over to YouTube and type in Walking pad again I've got vid IQ installed here you have a really cool feature on the right side of the page called the search panel and it gives us a score of that keyword right on the page it gives us some data about it it some top channels for the search term and some top related opportunities all of that stuff is good but one of the outdated features which vid IQ still offers you but you can pretty much ignore it is enable inline keywords when we click that what it's actually going to do is show us other people's tags on their videos and you actually can copy them if you want but here's the thing this is one of the outdated tactics and so our philosophy here at think media is that if YouTube gives us a place to put information like the area called tags on your YouTube video optimization page you might as well use it but you don't want to take too much time there which brings us to our first outdated tactic which is over Reliance on tags and researching competitor's tags here's the facts tags have minimal impact on YouTube SEO today back in the day people would copy competitor tags in an attempt to rank higher but now YouTube prioritizes audience Behavior over tags so the bottom line is tags are nearly irrelevant what actually matters is the content quality the retention of the video and smart keyword use in your title and your description and so while it's a waste of time to copy your competitor's tags it's not a waste of time to study your competitor's content what titles are they using what topics are they covering in their videos which videos are performing best on their Channel and how are they structuring their videos what kind of Engagement are they getting the content itself can be very insightful for your next video now another myth in an outdated YouTube SEO tactic that I actually see a lot of YouTube gurus talking about still this year which really kind of blows my mind but it is naming your video file with keywords and so the theory here was that after you shot your video and edited it and exported the actual file you rename the file to be like best- walking dad- review and that's just a waste of time now to be fair it's not a waste of time for your own file management and organization on your computer or hard drive or external hard drive but it's not going to help your video perform better here's the truth YouTube does not use file names for SEO anymore what YouTube does now is it actually scans the content of the video and it's pretty wild what YouTube and the parent company alphabet and Google actually can see when you upload a video file YouTube uses Ai and machine learning to scan exactly what is inside of your YouTube videos Beyond just the metadata in fact they could see these five things spoken words YouTube autogenerator for keywords onscreen text if you edit text into your videos or if you share a presentation of some kind with PowerPoint slides or keynote slides AI can read the words in your video also visual elements Google can recognize objects faces locations logos and even emotions music and audio YouTube can detect copyrighted music in fact that is a challenge for some people background sounds and even your tone of voice and the fifth thing is engagement data how viewers react to a video once it's public it's looking at the likes the comments the watch time which is going to affect how YouTube recommends the video and so the reason this matters for creators is you just can't fake YouTube SEO anymore changing your file name is a waste of time at least in terms of influencing how your video ranks and performs and what's actually more powerful than changing the video file name that you're uploading is actually using the keywords that you want to ring for in the video itself or even showing products on screen that you're going to be talking about if you can edit in b-roll and you can make a rich content experience for the viewer that Google is scanning and seeing like wow this video is thorough it's educational there's a lot of good information in it that's going to be better optimization in today's world now the third outdated SEO tactic is using exact match keyword phrases in your titles instead instead of natural highly clickable titles so stuffing the exact match keywords in your title feels robotic and It ultimately hurts clickability so in the past people would write a title like for a video like this best SEO tips YouTube SEO strategy for ranking videos and that just doesn't work very well anymore the reason for this is YouTube's Ai and algorithm has continued to evolve so it can understand things like natural language as well as synonyms so if the key Concepts are included in your title and related phrases really you don't need to force exact matches even more importantly titles need to be engaging and not just optimized so a keyword stuffed title might rank but if no one clicks it won't matter you're talking to humans and so you want the metadata like a keyword phrase to be in your title but then around the title you want it to be an experience that's interesting and highly clickable by real humans that would click on the video and CTR which means clickthrough rate is King YouTube prioritizes videos that people actually click on and actually watch so what you can do instead is make sure your title is compelling and curiosity driven use natural conversational language and you could still include keywords in fact you should but you want to blend them in smoothly so an example if we're still talking about walking pads is best walking pad review walking pad treadmill review pretty boring right keyword stuffed as opposed to something like I tried this viral walking pad is it worth it question mark curiosity driven you put a good thumbnail around that idea and you have a video that can be anchored in what people are searching for walking pad or viral walking PAD as well as something that could be suggested by the YouTube algorithm number four is keyword stuffing in descriptions and so the big idea here was that people would do their research and they would get as many phrases best camera for YouTube cheap cameras for YouTube and they would just stuff as many keywords as possible in the description and the truth is this just does not fool YouTube and it can actually hurt your video performance so in today's world YouTube actually prioritizes natural language even that's written in your YouTube description the algorithm understands context and synonyms so repeating the same keyword over and over looks spammy furthermore it's a bad user experience let's remember that the point of building a YouTube channel is to connect and help real people to build real community and every piece of content you put out there is an experience with you in your brand so if your description is just packed with a bunch of meaningless information and huge blocks of text then it's really not giving an individual a good experience and low engagement on your video will Le lead to low rankings and ultimately we already learned that YouTube's AI scans your content it listens to your video it analyzes your captions it checks for your behavior so stuffing keywords won't help now one cool thing that will help is including the best keywords in your description in a nice easyto read block of text in fact here's a cool way to do it so what we're going to do here is quickly optimize our video and description with keywords in a natural way of flowing language using vid IQ and so this is a YouTube short but I'm just going to use it as an example it's about something else but let's say I wanted to do a video on the best budget walking pad on Amazon and so what I can do is use their title tool which is going to give me really well-written highly clickable titles that also includes the keyword I found the best budget walking pad on Amazon you won't believe the amazing features of this budget walking pad I tried the cheapest walking pad on Amazon and here's what happened great video ideas so let's just say I found the best budget walking pad on Amazon and maybe I put something in there like walking pad C2 which by the way is the walking pad that I purchased it literally is changing my life it's pretty amazing if you're interested in it I will link it up in the show notes it's my favorite purchase in the last five to 10 years yeah this is the one walking pad C2 it's foldable I think I got the white one in fact why would I not know that I would totally understand what color I got and so it yeah it's a whole vibe it's really been awesome and so anyways now that we've quickly decided our title in like 10 seconds we can actually go down and use this description feature here that says AI description generator and what I did was I copy pasted the title and I clicked generate description and it says looking for the best walking pad on Amazon check out my review the walking pad C2 the perfect option for walking and staying active at home and it gives you a couple VAR variations and you could either insert it or copy it and now you're good to go with some very short but interesting description text the fifth outdated SEO tactic is embedding videos on external websites for higher rankings embedding videos on other websites does not directly boost YouTube rankings in the past some believed and I think it was true that getting your video embedded on multiple sites would trick the YouTube algorithm into ranking your videos higher it was the SEO concept of backlinks but today YouTube prioritizes user engagement on its own platform things like watch time people actually clicking on your videos watching your videos not just where a video appears externally which brings up the question do back links still matter for YouTube SEO and the answer is yes if they still drive traffic that includes real viewers who actually engage with your video then that can really indirectly help ranking the point is if these are individuals that are giving you watch time audience retention engaging on your videos it's not just because your video is linked or embedded on somebody's site that your rankings would be boosted but it is the fact that if that website drives a real individual to your video that engages and loves your video then it's the on platform metrics that matter and the sixth outdated YouTube SEO tactic that doesn't just not work but is also dangerous is buying fake likes fake comments and fake views and the reason for this is YouTube's AI is too smart it can tell where traffic is coming from bot views fake likes spam comments and fake views do not equal real watch time and so Bots or lowquality traffic that don't actually watch your video then your watch time will tank which will also hurt your video you also have low engagement rates if you buy 100,000 views but you get almost no comments or real interaction then YouTube will know something is off and people like me will know as well because we use tools like vid IQ and we can sometimes see a spike of traffic and then at flat flat lines you're like oh they purchased views up to that level or you could see the view to Comet ratio and you're like something's off here so real ones know and so there's just no reason to do it and also you do run the risk of demonetization or Bans so YouTube can limit reach or even demonetize or delete your channel if you're violating their terms of service and you're caught manipulating engagement so uh just don't do it what you should do is focus on organic growth even though it's harder it's better over time create valuable content real people want to watch boost engagement naturally if you can ask questions encourage comments and then promote your videos smartly so share your video with the Right audience on social media email list Niche forums so sharing your video out there is great if you can attract people that are truly interested in the content all right I hope you're staying hydrated during this indepth master class because as we land the plane let's just look at the top 10 ranking factors that actually matter for YouTube SEO this year all in one complete and concise list number one watch time and audience retention trumps keywords the longer people watch the better your ranking engaging content keeps viewers hooked number two CTR AKA clickthrough rate topic titles and thumbnails are critical if people don't click they don't watch number three study competitors content don't copy their tags instead study their content strategy their video formats their engagement tactics and the insights that you can learn and borrow that can influence your own content all right number four viewer engagement getting comments getting likes and getting shares YouTube boost videos that spark interaction so encourage comments and responses in your videos in fact let me pass a question off to you what is one of the biggest challenges you're having on YouTube right now or is there a topic you would want us to cover in the future here on this channel let me know in the comments number five optimize your videos for search and suggested rank your videos and search matters but getting videos into YouTube's suggested and recommended algorithm is way more powerful number six realize YouTube's Ai and contextual understanding know that YouTube reads your scripts scans the visuals in your video and detects intent so keywords still matter but they must be naturally woven into your content number seven chapters and detailed descriptions especially for educational content YouTube uses timestamps for SEO making it easier for viewers and search engines to find relevant parts of your videos that's that's why a video like this includes what's called YouTube chapters it's not just the entire video that can rank it's individual Parts number eight personalization in session watch time YouTube recommends videos based on individual viewing habits and rewards creators whose videos keep people on the platform longer and so the Creator who understands the viewer best wins and the Creator who keeps individuals on the platform longer by perhaps creating a video series instead of just a singular video is going to dominate number nine external traffic and off-platform promotion while backlinks do not boost rankings bringing real viewers from social media from email lists from Niche communities like Reddit or Kora can help push your YouTube content further and number 10 freshness and consistency YouTube favors creators who consistently upload and keep content fresh in search results especially with trending topics bottom line YouTube SEO isn't just about keywords anymore you need great content engagement and optimization strategies to win this year and if you want my complete Youtube upload and optimization checklist just click or tap the screen to watch my deep dive video on that topic if you got value can you hit the like button my name is Sean canell your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel this is think media and I will catch you in a future video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [19 likes]: What was your biggest take away from the strategies shared? Let us know below! ⬇
🔥Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @seanyoungman6286 [1 likes]: What about when we have an Official Music Video, for example, Miss Cantaloupe - Bestie (Official Music Video), but other live videos are still coming up as the first results, even with "Official Music Video" in the search?
  3. @DrinkinItIn [1 likes]: Do I need a walking pad?
  4. @Crescitaly_com: The algorithm rewards consistency. Crescitaly helps you stay consistent and strategic. 📈
  5. @TheSensoryHaven: Hi Sean, thanks for this great video..I am going to implement all these things to try and raise my 130 subs (in 10 months) to try and reach more people!
🙂
  6. @FUNvideo-no3uw: Enjoyed your videos
  7. @aigenealogist: The tips on SEO tactics were awesome. I have Vidiq now, thanks for that best tip. Plus I became engaged with the topic of Walking Pad and now want a white one for my office. I am enlightened and inspired now to overhaul my SEO practices for my channel.
  8. @TarotwithCarrie-k6f: you definitely busted some SEO myths and clearly explained what works and why.
  9. @Margaret-y3w3i: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @mohamedyusuf5569: Thanks man!
  11. @macoolmatthew1: Great job
  12. @leonhuelsberg: 17:07 its a Shop for Sports and active lifestyle things
  13. @pinkeatspeaches: The slides being copy paste from an AI bot lost me
  14. @alexde3A: And use Google Ads as an additional tool.
  15. @kennyburtgaming: For me it's getting new subscribers
  16. @kennyburtgaming: Speaking of comments I never get any the same thing with likes
  17. @kennyburtgaming: The algorithm hates me lol
  18. @Dimitar759: Nolan Molt called out this video as bs in his newest video lolllll!!!
  19. @AmazeStories1: Wow this is amazing
  20. @NixRambles: There is always so much to learn. And just when you think you have the handle of things, they change the algorithm :face-green-smiling: Thanks for the really great tips!

- Full YouTube SEO Keyword Research Tutorial: How to Rank #1 on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en What if everything you've been told about YouTube SEO is working against you? Because YouTube has evolved, but most advice hasn't kept up. Changing your file name to the keyword you want to rank for doesn't do anything. Spamming tags in your description is outdated, and it's against the YouTube guidelines. And let's be honest, you probably suspected this all along, right? These YouTube gurus telling you to use these specific seven magical tags or that you need to upload at the perfect time to rank well. Deep down, you knew something wasn't adding up when your videos still weren't getting any views. So, here's how to actually rank number one on YouTube, coming from someone who ranked his first video in 2019, and over 1,000 videos since then, generating me over 200 million views, $ 1.5 million in ad revenue, and growing four channels to over 100,000 subscribers each. Let me ask you this. Have you ever spent hours creating a YouTube video, pouring your heart and soul into it only for it to get buried with just a handful of views? Just like me, you probably do. And let's be honest, that feeling of disappointment when you check your analytics and see that no one is watching your content, it hurts, doesn't it? Well, I know because I used to have this problem and I still see it happen every single day. Creators like you with amazing content who remain completely invisible because they're missing the one thing that could change everything. And so if you clicked on this video, it's because you want to escape that frustration. You want to rank number one on YouTube and get the views you deserve. Well, pay attention because I'm about to show you how you can take advantage of my freestep blueprint that I've been using for years to rank videos at the top of search results and get view counts like this on your next upload, no matter your subscriber count. And no, I'm not going to sell you a course at the end of this video. This is all 100% free. However, I have to be honest here. I cannot guarantee you will rank on every single keyword you desire to and get 200 million views like I did. I mean, after all, I've been doing this for over six years now. What I can guarantee though is that if you follow this entire blueprint and apply correctly, your next video can rank number one. Just like Bennett, who applied the blueprint and ranked multiple videos in his niche, getting him thousands of views and 1,200 subscribers with just this one video right here. Or Hessel, who ranked dozens of videos, resulting in a 50 million lifetime view count, out of which the majority is from ranking in search. And then there's Jordan from Malaysia, who got over 186,000 views on one of his first videos. And so in this course, I'll walk you through my complete F strategy, which is the three-step keyword research process that will show you how to rank number one. First, I'll show you how to find the perfect keywords that people are actually searching for, but aren't dominated by big channels. Then, I'll review my qualification system to find out if you can actually rank for these keywords. And this is where 97% of creators go wrong, where they upload a video that has too much competition and never sees the light of day. And then finally, I'll give you my exact SEO optimization formula that I've used to rank over a thousand videos number one on YouTube. You'll learn how to properly structure your title, description, and tags to maximize your chances of ranking one, plus the one key factor to ranking that most YouTube gurus never talk about or probably don't even know about. And so, by the end of this video, you have a complete system you can apply to your next upload to make sure you rank number one. But don't just take my word for it. Let me show you exactly what I mean. So, when someone searches for AI script writing, my video ranks number one. If you search for how to rank one in YouTube search, I show up at the top once again. And this isn't just happening with a few lucky keywords. I've got hundreds of videos ranking number one across multiple channels that I own. So, let's get into the details. How does this actually work? Well, it all starts with step number one, the F in far, finding keywords. So, what are keywords? What exactly is keyword research and why does it matter? Well, simply said, keyword research is the process of finding what people search for on YouTube and then figuring out if we can rank our video for that specific search phrase or keyword. For example, how to download Fortnite on laptop is one of these keywords. When people search for this, my video shows up number two. That's pretty high in the search results. And so, they can click on that video and then watch it, which over the last four years, 2.9 million people did. Now, why is doing keyword research so important? Well, if you make videos at random, chances are you won't get what you're looking for, which is a lot of views on your videos. And I can prove that by showing you this video that I uploaded back in 2022. This video only ended up getting 18 views. And why is that? Well, because I did not do any keyword research. I just made a video that I thought would be interesting for people to watch on YouTube, and I got proven wrong because this video did not perform well. It's not ranking in the last 48 hours. It didn't get any views. Now, let's compare that to actually doing keyword research the proper way. This video I uploaded in February 2022, and as you can see, there's still a lot of views coming in every single day from YouTube search. 80% in fact is coming from YouTube search and 5% from external, which is Google search. And that makes up for the majority of the views on this video. So, this video with keyword research has over 200,000 views, got me 600 subscribers as well as made $12,000 in ad revenue. And that's just one video. But the best part is this video is still ranking in the search results after 4 years. And because of that, it is still getting views and making money every single day. In fact, if you take a look at the graph, it's sort of peaking right now, which is crazy to see. So basically without keyword research, you must rely on YouTube showing your videos to viewers on the homepage and recommended section. However, if this doesn't happen and the odds are heavily against you for that, especially if you're just getting started, you'll be stuck at zero views. However, with keyword research, you can properly analyze the best opportunities to get views on your video because before making your video, you already know that there's interest because people search for that video topic. So now that you know all of that, all you need to make sure is to show up number one in the search results for people to easily find your video. And so in order to end up number one, you need to do keyword research. And here's how I do that. Step number one is finding keywords people actually search for. Because if you rank for a keyword that nobody searches for, you can rank, but you'll still get zero views on that video. One of the ways to find keywords with high search volume is by using the search bar itself on YouTube. So, when you type something into this bar, YouTube will show you what they call search predictions. And the predictions that show up are based on what you type into it. This list of predictions shows up because many people have searched for these things before. And so, you might wonder, how do I know that? Well, it's simple. YouTube wants to make it as likely as possible for someone to watch a video so that YouTube can put ads on the video and make money. That's their business. So showing the viewers search predictions, the one they're most likely looking for makes it easy for the viewer to search for what they wanted to search for and then watch a video about it. Because of that, YouTube will show search predictions based on search volume. From highest search volume up top the list to lower search volume at the bottom of the list. That means that if search predictions show up, we know for a fact people search for this, which is exactly what we need to know. So basically the YouTube search bar gives you access to all keywords people actually search for on the entire platform. So what we can now do is use the search bar to find all keywords people search for in your niche. Let's say that my niche is social media. If I type in social media, I will see a whole list of keywords that people actually search for that I can then make a video about. But the list that shows up is limited to a few keywords. However, you can actually find a lot more keywords in your niche by manually doing a few different combinations in this search bar. The first one is what I like to call the alphabet method. So, after you type in a keyword, you can type in every letter of the alphabet to find more detailed keywords. For example, if I type in how to, I will see a ton of keywords appear. However, if I then type in how to A, the list will change to a new list of search predictions and then I get to see all of these results. Then if you remove the A and you type in how to B once again the entire list will change because it bases the search predictions based on what you've typed in so far. And so you can do this with every letter to generate as many keywords as there are. You can also add action words after how to. And so if I type in how to change A, I get to see this entire list. If I then type in how to change B, once again that entire list will change. And so doing this will show you a whole new list of keywords for every letter you put in. You can then also change how to to a different word in your niche. Do the entire alphabet again and again and you'll get thousands of keywords to show up. There's a few more ways to combine search strategies to find endless amounts of keywords all from within the search bar. And it's exactly what I did back in 2019 when I got started. However, as you might tell, it is a bit of a pain and it takes a long time to find all of these keywords, especially if you want to search for very detailed longtail keywords that have high search volume and low competition. And so, since 2023, I found a new, easier, and faster way of doing research by using Vid IQ's keyword research tool. And here's the thing, all the keywords you see here on Vid IQ are actually pulled directly from the YouTube search bar results. So, we're getting the exact same keywords while doing none of the work. Because with this, you don't have to mess around with all those search bar combinations that I just showed you instead of typing in a hundred different combinations manually. You can just click on Vid IQ's matching terms and you've got all of these keywords right in front of you within one click. However, most people are still using Vid IQ the wrong way. And so, let me show you the way I use Vid IQ to do keyword research, which is to start off by searching for an umbrella term in my industry. Let's say I make videos about social media. I will then type in social media in the keyword tool. This is the broadest keyword that you can search for in your niche, which I call an umbrella term is basically the main keyword in your niche. When you do that, you'll see all of these results and these scores show up. I always ignore these and then I click on matching terms. The matching terms will show me an entire list of keywords that have my umbrella keyword in it. So if I enter social media in here, we get social media marketing, social media manager, social media automation, the list goes on and on. So where first you needed to make all of these search based combinations, now within just one click on matching terms, you can do the exact same and you can find dozens of keywords that people actually search for that include your umbrella term. Then you've also got this feature called related keywords, which is slightly different but super useful. here. Instead of just showing you keywords that include your initial keyword, it shows you similar topics that people are searching for, which can give you more ideas of what to make videos about. Now, as for our social media umbrella term, it will show us keywords that include social media, but it will also show you keywords that don't. All right, just to make sure you understand, matching terms will only show you keywords that include the keyword that you search for. Related keywords will show you similar things to the keyword that you search for, but not necessarily including that keyword itself. But that's only the service level. You can actually do deep keyword research within just a few clicks. So I can click on any of these keywords that show up and then do the exact same thing. So if I click on social media marketing right here, that now becomes my main keyword. And so when I click on matching terms again, here we go. I instantly get dozens of more specific keywords that now include social media marketing in them. And that's why Vid IQ is so useful. You just can't do this as quickly with the YouTube search bar alone. By the way, if you want to try out Vid IQ yourself, I'll leave my link in the description down below. Now that you know how to find keywords, how do you know if the keyword you found is actually good and worth making a video for? Should you just look at the keyword scores that they show you and then decide? No. Definitely don't do that. So, when finding these keywords, for example, social media marketing, I actually completely ignore these search volume scores and competition scores that Vid IQ shows me because in my opinion, they're not that reliable and everyone has access to the exact same scores. And so, if everyone's making videos based on the same scores, you're all going to target the exact same keywords and then you lose your competitive advantage. Plus, what I find even more important, you're not developing the skill to understand why a keyword might be good or bad if you're just following a score that a keyword tool gives you. And I want you to become the expert. So, what do I do instead to make sure the keyword I found is actually a good one. Well, this brings me to step two of my FAR blueprint, which is the A, analyzing if there is high search volume and low competition so that you can rank number one. To get started with this, I simply copy the keyword on Vid IQ. I then go directly to YouTube and then I search for it myself. In this case, I'd search for social media marketing using AI, which is a keyword I found doing deep research for the matching terms feature. All right, next up, here's what I do. You'll see all of these search results show up. I'll open the top three to five ranking videos in brand new tabs. So, I'm just going to rightclick, open in a new tab, right click here as well. And I'll do that with all of the top ranking videos. Now, here's the thing. To see how many views these videos are actually getting, we need to use the historical data feature from Vid IQ. This lets us see how a video performed over time and more importantly, how many views per hour it's getting right now. This might seem simple, but trust me, this will save you from making the biggest mistake that keeps most YouTubers stuck at low view counts. Let me show you what I mean. Let's say I found this keyword, how to see Spotify rap. that I saw this video with 142,000 views after just four months. That looks good, right? That's fantastic. And so I might now think, whoa, this is a gold mine. I need to make this video right now. However, if I don't check whether people are still currently searching for this keyword, I could be wasting my time completely because when I check the views per hour, which you do by changing the preview, by the way, from total views to views per hour, it's getting zero views right now. It got a massive 3,000 views per hour when it was uploaded, but right now, no views anymore at all. And that's exactly the mistake this channel made. They created a video for the same keyword without checking if people are still searching for it. And because of that, their video only got 25 views. So, the historical data tool helps us tell the difference between a good keyword and a bad one. If the top videos are still getting good views per hour and they seem to be going up in a consistent linear line, that's great. People are still searching for it. But if they used to get views and now get zero while it is still currently ranking high in the results, that's a sign that people stop searching for this keyword. Now, to access the historical data feature that will help you rank number one, you'll need a Vid IQ account. Signing up is easy. It just takes 2 minutes, after which you can simply add the Vid IQ browser extension. And while the browser extension itself is completely free, the historical data feature, which is what you really need, does require a paid account. However, don't worry. I've actually negotiated an exclusive deal for the viewers of this full course, which means that you can try Vid IQ Pro with all the premium features for just $1 in the first 30 days, which is a special offer only available through my link in the description down below. Now, when you sign up, Vid IQ will ask you to connect your YouTube channel. And I completely understand that may seem weird at first. I felt the same way six years ago, but Vid IQ is fully verified by YouTube as an official partner and I've personally trusted it with all of my channels in the last 6 years with absolutely zero issues. All right, so now that you've signed up, let's analyze our keyword, social media marketing using AI. And so this is the number one ranking video for this keyword. So looking at the overall views, we can see that it's performing well for this creator. It has 16,000 views, but the channel only has 3,800 subscribers. Now, Vid IQ also shows us what they call an outlier score, which compares the performance of this video against the usual performance on a channel. We can see that this video performed 100 times better than usual, which is a great sign. What we're looking for here is whether a video continues to get views every single day after the initial upload period. Because while analyzing top ranking videos, you will come across videos that got a big boost in views in the first few days. However, these views are likely to come from their subscribers. So, always keep that in the back of your mind. And here's an example of that. This video got a big spike right after uploading. And so, if you don't think about the fact that these views came from my subscribers, you might think that passive income is a good keyword. However, analyzing the graph after the initial period reveals that the video died out very quickly because it was too competitive. And so, coming back to the video we are analyzing, looking at this graph, we can definitely see it continues to get views consistently after the initial upload period. Now, let's check out the views per hour that this video is currently getting, which is even more important. So, initially we can see that it was only getting about 1 to two views per hour. However, over time, it continued to slowly pick up more and more traffic, where right now it's getting around four to like seven views per hour, which brings up a great question. What is considered good when it comes to views per hour? Well, that really depends on your channel size. You see, if you're just starting out, getting five views per hour on multiple videos at the same time means you'd be getting about 3600 views every single day if you'd have around 30 videos sitting on your channel. From that, you might gain around 20 subscribers daily, which means you can collect your first 1,000 super fans in less than 2 months. And so, for a small channel, five views per hour could actually be amazing. And let me prove that to you, because here's what I did with this channel you're watching right now. I started small with keywords I found through deep research using Vid IQ's matching keyword feature. And these got me initial views and subscribers. And then gradually, I work my way up to bigger keywords where now I rank for some of the biggest keywords in my niche. However, if you scroll down to my oldest videos, you could see that wasn't the case. And so, you cannot start at the top and so you have to earn it step by step. So, here's my approach when it comes to views per hour. I always analyze the top three to five ranking videos for my keyword. And then, if the average views per hour is something I'd be happy with getting on my own video, I'll make it. If not, I move on, go back to the matching terms on Vid IQ, and I just find another keyword. And so this video is getting about four to seven views per hour, which equals about 100 to 150 views per day, which again seems small, but you're getting highly targeted traffic resulting in subscribers that really love what you talk about or viewers that convert really well to the products you're promoting. Now, let's check the second ranking video. So, looking at the historical data again, we can see that it's also growing pretty steadily, which is great. And you can see this video has over a 100,000 views uploaded by Gary Vee with millions of subscribers. So that's insane. Now based on this, I can confidently say that there's a ton of general interest for this keyword and video topic, which also gets confirmed by video number three by Andy Aai with 200,000 views. However, this is important. Video number two and three are tricky because the titles they use are not a 100% match with our search phrase. Our keyword is social media marketing using AI, but this video only has social media marketing in the title. And Andy's video only has social media AI. And so this means that these two videos might be ranking high for different keywords than what we're researching. They're just showing up because they're among the most relevant results here. So always make sure the videos you analyze actually include the exact keyword that you're researching. But since the first video is getting good traffic and the related videos got even more views, we can confirm that there's a lot of general interest in this video topic that people are indeed searching for this. On top of that, the fact that the 3.8K subscriber channel outranks Gary Vee with 4 million subscribers and Andy AI with almost 200,000 subscribers proves the secret ranking trick I'll show you in the next step. But first, there's another thing that I use a lot. So, if you open the channels in a new tab and you then click on the three dots that show up on the Vid IQ extension, you can click on view trending videos. This is something that shows you which videos are currently getting the most views per hour on that entire channel. Now, usually if the video you found is among their best performing videos, that's another great sign that you found a good keyword, especially if that video has a lot of views while the channel is very small. So, if the high-ranking videos are getting good views per hour and it's one of their trending or overall most popular videos, it's very likely you found a winner. So, now that we found a keyword with good search volume and overall interest, we need to figure out if we can actually rank for it. For this, we'll research three main points. First of all, and this is really my key to finding good keywords. Are there any top ranking videos using the exact keyword in their title? You see, YouTube wants to show the most relevant videos to viewers so that they'll click on it and then watch. Once again, that's how YouTube makes money. So, they will show the video that's most relevant to a keyword the highest. Which means if you include your exact keyword in your title, preferably at the beginning of it, you rank higher than videos that do not include that keyword because you then become the most relevant result for that search phrase. And that right there really is the key to easily rank for keywords. Now, let me prove to you that that is actually how YouTube decides to rank videos. If we search for the keyword how to rank one on YouTube, take a look at what happens. The number one video is mine and it has the exact title how to rank one on YouTube, which makes it a perfect match with the keyword I search for and that's why it ranks number one. Now, the second video that now shows up is from Think Media and this is titled How to actually rank one on YouTube. So, they added an extra word in their title, which is why he's not ranking first when I search for how to rank one on YouTube because my video is a more relevant result. And that's even when his channel is a lot bigger than mine and his video is a lot longer as well. Now, to prove my point and show you that this is actually how YouTube ranks videos, if I now add the word actually in my search phase and then hit search, you'll see that Think Media now ranks number one because their title is now a perfect match for our search race. And that's also why this small 3.8K channel outranks Gary Vee and NDAI because his title is a more relevant result to our search phase than theirs. And so what we're looking for are videos ranking high that do not include the exact keyword in their title because that gives us the opportunity to outrank them by simply using the exact keyword in our title. So here's a super easy way to check this. So on YouTube, you want to copy your keyword. Then in the top right corner on Google Chrome, you want to click the three dots. Then you can click on find. And then you can paste in your keyword. When you do that, it will search for that keyword on the entire page. So you'll always get at least one result, which is the search term that you actually typed in into the YouTube search bar. And so any number above one means videos in the results are using that exact phrase either in their title or description. In this case, we only see one result and it's us searching for it. So this leaves a great opportunity for us to rank number one for this keyword. Now, here's the thing. You don't specifically need to find a keyword that has zero matching results, but think of it as a spectrum. The less the better and the more the worse. Which brings me to point number two, which is competition. The second thing to look at is the channel size of your competition, which once again is a spectrum. In the best case scenario, there's no big YouTube channels ranking high for your keyword. In the worst case scenario, there's channels with millions of subscribers ranking for your keyword and all of them using the exact keyword in their title as well. When that happens, there is virtually no chance to rank number one. And so search for the keyword that you found and then analyze the following. How big are the channels of the top ranking videos? If they're all below, let's say 50k subscribers or have less subscribers than you do, that is a great sign. If there are big channels with 100,000 plus subscribers ranking everywhere, you want to check if they include the exact keyword in their title. If they do, it will be hard to beat them and you should find a better keyword. If they do not include that exact keyword, no matter their channel size, this will leave an opportunity for you to outrank them. Because if you apply the SEO I will teach you in the next step correctly, you can outperform them just like this small channel did with Gary Vee. And then the final point, which is honestly the most important when it comes to video performance, can we make a better video than the current ones? That is insanely important if you want your video to perform in the long term. Because once you confirm you'll have the ability to rank based on the matching keyword factor and competition, there's a final point that most people do wrong. They think they can now just go ahead, make the video, and then rank no matter what because of this trick. But that is only partly right because finding a good keyword with low competition and not many people using the exact keyword in their title will allow you to rank high shortly after uploading. However, if your video sucks and doesn't give the viewer what they came for, it will only rank for a short period of time because your watch time on the video will be low and YouTube analyzes the watch time to determine if this is a good video to be ranked number one. And so, the matching keyword factor and competition allow you to show up in the first place. But from there, your video actually needs to be good and preferably better than the current ranking videos in order to keep ranking number one for months or even years to come. And so, what makes a good video? Well, I can tell you is not about fancy recording setups or the best 4K cameras. A good video means that you give the viewer exactly what they want. And so, you have to think, what does a person that searches for your keyword XY Z want to learn and find out? Now, here's what I do myself in order to pull this off. First of all, I always open up the current ranking videos and then I scroll down to the comments to find feedback points from the people that already watch that video. By doing this, I'll be able to see what they did well, what is missing, and any other opinion from their viewers. Now, lately, I also have been using Chat GBT's deep research feature to do research and help me understand what a viewer might want to learn, what they currently struggle with, and how I can help them fix their problem. In fact, for this video, I let GPT do deep research on things people struggle with when it comes to YouTube SEO and then I included some of its findings in this video, which hopefully makes this an amazing video so far. If so, please leave a like on the video. That would really help me out. And then finally, I choose my battles correctly. You cannot rank on every keyword in the world. You can also not make a better video than your competitors on any topic out there. I try to stick with keywords that I know I have a competitive advantage at. For example, with this video about YouTube SEO, I know I can make this the best video on YouTube about it because I've been doing this for over 6 years and I've gotten over 200 million views through YouTube SEO. And so that's my competitive edge for this keyword specifically. And so I want you to look for keywords where your personal experiences or opinions or curiosity gives you a competitive edge over your competition. then it'd be time to actually make your video. And once that's done, there's one big step left to make sure that you actually rank number one, which is applying SEO, search engine optimization, in the correct way. Now, for this, I want you to remember the most important factor that ranks YouTube videos. Creating a relevant search result compared to what someone actually searches for. And so step number one within SEO on YouTube is to make sure you include the exact keyword you want to rank for within your title and preferably in the front of it, which makes it even more relevant as a search result and makes it easier for the viewer to see that your video is what they're looking for because sometimes not your entire title might show up. And so if we want to rank for the keyword social media marketing using AI, I'm going to put my title like this, social media marketing using AI, full tutorial for beginners. This title includes the entire keyword that people search for at the front of the title, making it a 100% relevant search result. Then I added the full tutorial for beginners part at the end of it so that the title is easy to digest and gives the viewer an expectation of what they will learn if they click on my video. Because by including full tutorial to understand I will show them everything and then by mentioning for beginners to understand it will be shown in an easy way and that anyone can follow along which is exactly what they're looking for. Now there's a lot more ways that you could do this. You could also add brackets to make it more enticing to click which might include the year or something like step by step to help them understand that this is going to be an updated tutorial for the current year and it's going to be shown in a step-by-step format. All right. So now our title is done. Next up, we need to do our video description. What I always do first is I copy the keyword of my title and then I put it at the top of the description in a natural way. For example, I'll copy this and then I'll make it say, "Want to do social media marketing using AI? I got you." Now, the reason we do this is because on desktop, if someone searches for it, the first line in the description actually shows up. Once again, making it a relevant result. Next up, I always include related keywords to our main keyword in the description. And I do that through Vid IQ. So I click on related keywords after searching for the keyword I want to rank for. And then I see a list of other related keywords that people also search for. So I always scan through these and I find the ones that are most relevant to my video. And then I include them in my description. We do this to tell YouTube what our video is about, but also to potentially rank for these other keywords. Because when you include them in your description, it could make your video show up as a relevant result when someone searches for it. You want to do this in a way so that the viewer can read it and understand what your video will be about. But what you don't want to do is just take all of these related keywords and just spam them in your description. That's against the YouTube guidelines and it doesn't really work to be honest. So when I do that, this is what it will look like. In this social media marketing tutorial, I will show you how to do social media marketing using AI. With all of these AI tools being released, you might feel overwhelmed and wonder, "Hey, Yuri, what are the best AI tools for digital marketing these days?" Well, don't worry. I got you. Because for my social media marketing, I use and then I'll just insert the tool names right here in order to make them relevant results, too. All right. So, the description is now filled with a few related keyword results while integrating them in a natural way. That's all said. That is perfect. Next up is our thumbnail. Now, simply said, all this needs to be is better than the competition. You want to make sure it's clickable and easy to understand. So, your thumbnail should be an addition to your title, and it should confirm to the viewer that your video is about something they actually want to watch. And by the way, to check if your title and thumbnail look good together, I use a website called thumbsup.tv, which is a free website where you can enter your title and thumbnail, and you can then see how it shows up on various devices and YouTube traffic sources. Now, we're almost done now. The only thing left are our video tags. And unlike what most people say, this actually isn't that important to rank your video because YouTube even put that above the tag section themselves. Tags can be useful if content in your video is commonly misspelled. Otherwise, tags play a minimal role in helping viewers find your video. So, don't waste any time on this. What I do is I go to rapid tags.io. I then type in the keyword I want to rank for. I click generate and then I copy and paste the results into my video. Now that said, I actually uploaded a video that I made for this keyword with this entire SEO optimization. And as you can see for yourself, it is now ranking number one on YouTube for our keyword, which proves that everything I've just shown you works. And so, now that you know exactly how to rank number one on YouTube, there's one crucial element we need to discuss. Because ranking number one for the wrong keywords can actually hurt your channel in the long run. Let me explain what happens. So, you rank for a random keyword. You get thousands of views, maybe even hundreds of subscribers, but then when you upload your next video, nobody watches it. Your subscribers don't click. Your notifications get ignored. And why is that? Well, that's because you attracted the wrong audience. And that's the biggest mistake I see creators make. They focus so much on ranking that they forget about building a consistent, loyal audience who will actually watch their future uploads. Now, the solution to this is what I call the viewer avatar strategy. a method I've used to build four channels to over a 100,000 subscribers each and on this channel now get an average view count per video of over a 100,000. This strategy ensures that every video you rank for attracts viewers who will become long-term fans and not just one-time visitors. Now, for this, I've put together a complete miniourse on building your perfect viewer avatar. And I'm giving it away for free to anyone who signs up for Vid IQ using my link in the description. And this isn't just another bonus that I'm throwing in. This is literally the difference between building a sustainable channel that grows consistently and wasting months of your life creating videos that nobody watches after the first week. The viewer avatar miniourse isn't something that I have available for sale. Remember, I don't sell any courses, whatever. It's exclusive content that you can access within the Vid IQ learn tab shared nowhere else before. And I want to be completely honest here. If you use my personal $1 offer link in the description below, I will receive a small commission at no extra cost to you. Now, this partnership is what makes it possible for me to put all of this information out there for free while still being able to create more highquality tutorials like this one. And I'll also leave a full checklist to follow all steps in the description down below, as well as the special $1 offer Vid IQ link so that you can start analyzing keywords in the best way possible and rank your video number one. Click that link. I'll then see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [124 likes]: Rank #1 with VidIQ 👉 https://vidiq.com/youri (Only $1 for 30 days)

The Mini SEO & Avatar Masterclass can be found under the 'Learn' tab inside VidIQ for any existing user!
  2. @DecodingJW [29 likes]: I appreciate this video because I had fallen into the belief that SEO/keyword research was dead. That just general topics of interest mattered. Thanks for the video.
  3. @Macky0200 [27 likes]: Hey, I just posted a video today and I was in top of the list than my competitors. Thanks!
  4. @tomasbusiness [12 likes]: Best youtuber rn
  5. @walkthroughdatabase [11 likes]: now i understand it, thank you mate <3
  6. @motivationalroutine [6 likes]: A great video and very helpful, thank you Youri.❤❤
  7. @PhilosophyofSelfImprovement [6 likes]: I've never seen such a detailed and specific instructional video. Thank you very much!
  8. @sebastianwiesner [5 likes]: Hi Youri, great content!

I have a question: For the older videos on my channel that answer evergreen questions and have a retention rate of over 30 percent, is it advisable to do the keyword research you taught us to modify the title and description? Or is it better to re-record the content and keep the technique in mind?
  9. @LearnwithLEESI [5 likes]: Thank you for this video
  10. @nyxxxnoir [5 likes]: I’m so grateful to have found you’re channel last year I used some of your tips on a different channel and I got soo many subs and views so fast ! Can’t wait to do the same for this channel 💛 Thanks for these top tier videos 🙌⭐️
  11. @CareerTalksHub [4 likes]: The most in-depth video I have watched so far. Looks very promising. I am going to follow the tips that you have explained in the video while I make my next video.
  12. @FonseeMlonsr [2 likes]: Needed this.
  13. @ElyInspires [2 likes]: Just earned another sub!  Looking forward to trying this out myself!
  14. @SuppHowTo [2 likes]: Hey van, I enjoy this stuff a lot, thanks!
  15. @imprimisxo [1 likes]: Youri, I already have VidIQ, may I have access to your YT Avatar course?
  16. @CimbomEcho [1 likes]: Thanks !
  17. @MoneyMovesMadeEasyTV [1 likes]: Great video and excellent tutorial.👌
  18. @TravelwithKumar [1 likes]: Thanx a lot for the video !
  19. @_FactBlastt_ [1 likes]: Hi, quick question, if in mi niche everyone does " How to create a monetizable faceless channel using AI " and from what i understood, if i do " create monetizable faceless channel using AI " , would that help me to be above the competition or near them ?  Lovely video BTW
  20. @TheTroubleEE [1 likes]: this is pure gold

- ​The NEW YouTube Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, something weird is happening on YouTube right now, and most creators haven't even noticed yet, which gives you a distinct advantage. Fitness channels are using the visual language of finance creators, and a channel about Minecraft just blew up by using the same format of a video about an NFL player. It is the new strategy quietly dominating YouTube right now. And it's called niche bending. The term was coined by creator Tim Danilov, [music] and it's how he took a faceless YouTube channel from zero to $56,000 a month in just 30 days. And then he did it again, taking another channel from zero to 150 million views. And then again, zero to $23,000 in less than 90 days. So, if you're still trying to find a niche in 2026, quite frankly, you're doing it all wrong. You need to start bending one into a position so it does all of the work for you. To understand how Tim did this time and time again, you almost have to unlearn what you think a niche is. Most people think a niche is just a topic [music] like, I have a gardening channel. But Tim doesn't operate with that type of thinking. >> I think it's the easiest way to [music] come up with a niche, because like, essentially your niche is the combination of the format [music] and the market. >> You see, your niche isn't just a topic you talk about. To be more specific, it's the combination of the market you're serving and the format you're using. First, you have the market, and these are massive categories from finance to fitness, gaming to DIY, and so on. And these rarely ever change. You can't really invent a new market, but then you have the format. This is the container for your content. How do you deliver the information? Is it a tier list, a 100-day challenge, a video essay? >> There are thousands of new formats every single day on YouTube. Like, that's the the most creative part. And what the niche bending is is you create a new niche by applying the viral format to the market where it was never used before. And this is already happening everywhere on YouTube. Let me show you. Here's a video from NFL Stories, a small but very successful channel about gridiron. I can't say football, it isn't football. But anyway, that's the market. His video, "This video will change the way you see Patrick Mahomes forever" is the format. And it's a video that's performed well for the channel to the tune of 75,000 views, about three and a half times more views than typical for the channel. Now, look at this Minecraft channel made by Rafa. Four days later, they posted "This video will change how you play Minecraft forever." It's the same exact title structure and the same promise, but it's for an entirely different audience. In other words, different markets, same format. And then, My Matrix did the same thing in the spirituality niche. And it's a 100 times outlier for his channel. That is what you call a viral moment. And this is one format in three completely different markets all finding outlier success. That's is the power of niche bending. Now then, for a quick hack to niche bend any video on YouTube, you can use this cool little vidIQ remix tool. What it will do is remix a title of the current video to fit your niche. In this example, the channel we're niche bending into is about weight loss and fitness workouts. And so, the remix titles from the NFL video reflect that. This handy tool is at your fingertips wherever you are on YouTube because it'll also appear on home pages and channel pages as well. There's a link in the description. If you want to witness an absolute masterclass of this strategy, let me introduce you to TierZoo. At first glance, this looks like a gaming channel. The thumbnails have STR rankings, health bars, and knockout screens. But in reality, it's an animal biology channel. So, let's run it through our equation. The market: zoology, education, nature documentaries. Usually this market is traditional, very considered, arguably quite slow and boring by today's standards. Think David Attenborough. It's a calm narration. A giant black void, larger than all the rest of the world's habitats combined. But to formats, it's competitive gaming. It's patch notes, tier lists. And it's not just the packaging this time. Tier Zoo took the very serious concept of evolution and bent it into gaming language. As a result of this format, the creator doesn't describe things in a matter-of-fact way, such as humans adapting to the environmental conditions. Instead, he says, >> This was the first step towards refining the cooperative loot sharing play style that have made humans so dominant in the current meta. Now, you might be surprised to learn that the devs have nerfed humans in the past. The tree-dwelling strategy was seen as a cheap way to avoid dealing with other players, and so the devs decided to reduce the number and size of trees in the Africa server. >> And when comparing one environment to another, such as the Amazon rainforest and the African plains, >> I know I drone on a lot about how OP African builds are, but the Amazon rainforest is home to some of the most fearsome predators in the game. And as for extinction-level events, well, it's just a patch update to him. So, why is it that of all the sloth builds, only the tree sloths survived the Anthropocene update? Well, it turns out that it's for the same reason that their low tier. Most ice age top tiers were wiped out by the invasion of humans, and giant ground [music] sloths were no exception. Despite being able to easily one-shot humans with their claws swipes, giant sloths had no defense against projectiles. So, why does this work so well? Well, it's because it unlocks a new audience. If you make a normal nature documentary, you're competing against the likes of National Geographic, and I'd say that's a pretty tough fight. And a certain audience will watch that content because we all know what to expect from it. But, by bending the format, Tier Zoo is speaking to an entirely new audience who might never watch a traditional nature documentary. And by speaking the audience's language and entertaining them the way they expect to be entertained, he's tricked them into learning something. In essence, what Tier Zoo has done is take a saturated market, that being nature documentaries, and made it feel brand new by bending into a format container from an entirely different market, that being video games. So, how do you make this work for you? How do you actually find these niche bending combinations without guessing? Well, that brings us to the mapping method, and it works like a grid. First, you pick a format that's been working for years. Let's take the example of every blank explained in X minutes as a format. Now, map this across all of the major markets. For gaming, it's taken. As for lifestyle, already taken. And in true crime, yep, gobbled up there as well. But then, you look at gardening or sales or interior design, and you see an empty square. And when you do see an empty square on that map, this isn't due to a lack of interest, it's an opportunity. It is blue ocean. The format is proven and the market exists, but nobody has yet combined them together. And this is where you can plant your flag. For example, take this outlier video from Fin's Play. They made a silly meme video, POV, you're an NPC in Vice City. But that silly video got them 2.7 million views on a channel with just 3 and 1/2 thousand subscribers. Now, watch what happens when other creators from different markets see that format and realize it's an empty square on their map. This channel took the same POV, you're an NPC format, and bent it into Minecraft. Their video, The Life of a Minecraft Wolf, got 1.7 million views. Following on from that, this channel bent it towards a superhero video game content, playing Spider-Man from an NPC's perspective, and they turned it into a long-form video. It's now got over a quarter of a million views, the highest-performing video on their channel so far. This is the same format, just brought to different markets with massive results. And every single one of those was an empty square on the map until someone filled it. Now, I appreciate that these specific examples might not bend into your particular niche, or maybe everyone watching this video right now is scrambling to capitalize on the formats we've already shown you. So, let me demonstrate how you can find these videos yourself, because finding novel formats that will blow up your channel is a lot easier than what it sounds. [music] So, you already know about the remix tool from our browser extension that I showed you earlier, but this time I want you to go to vidiq.com and start a brand-new conversation with our AI coach. I want you to think of this coach as your YouTube researcher. vidIQ's data scrapes YouTube and is refreshed every single day. And to be quite honest, other AI chatbots simply don't have the capabilities that ours does. So, next, type this sentence into the chat box, "Find me recent viral videos about your niche from small channels that are getting unusually high views." In this instance, we're going to go with a Las Vegas casinos because we can't cheat the casinos, but we can cheat YouTube. Oh, and by the way, you can also ask our AI coach to look at this for just long-form videos or shorts. Now, typically, it does take a minute or so for the AI coach to get back to you, and that's because it's being very diligent trawling through thousands, if not millions, of videos to find what you're looking for. And a minute is a lot quicker than scrolling through endless YouTube videos for days and weeks, isn't it? Now, in this example, it surfaced five Vegas casinos that will close next. Which casino dies first? It is an insane outlier for this channel with nearly a million long-form views on a 20-minute video. Now, that title represents a format that we can bend. We could apply this to retail stores, fast-food chains, cryptocurrency, game studios, sports franchises that are relocating, which let me tell you would never happen in real football, except for that one occasion. We can bend all of these in any way that fits our needs for our channel. However, um this might be the most important part of the entire video. You do need to be careful. There is one rule in these bending that matters more than anything else. Do not bend a format you cannot deliver the expertise in. So, if you are a dentist, use the gaming tier list to rank toothpaste. That works because you're an expert dentist, but don't try to use a finance format if you don't understand money. Anyone can copy a format, but very few can fill the formats with high-value knowledge. The creators winning in 2026 aren't the ones finding magical new niches. They are the ones looking for what already works and asking themselves, "How does this look in my world?" And if you enjoyed the taste of the VidIQ tools I showed you in this video, why not come and have a look at the whole buffet? Dozens more tools to help you grow your channel are just a click away. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [50 likes]: Download vidIQ and start growing your channel 👉 www.vidiq.com/extension
  2. @ALIENGTP [1 likes]: Click bait
  3. @VeronicaMonet [1 likes]: That male lion's look of grief when he realizes the lion he was trying to save from the hyenas is already dead. 😢
  4. @WiscoKnight0806 [1 likes]: Gridiron is what the field is called. Im just gonna go watch the original dudes videos. You take for fuckin ever to get to the point.
  5. @BlaQFireNation: it seems like youre mainly focusing on the title
  6. @Jamey_LeVier: How do you find a unique niche? You neek up on it.
  7. @MyCraft_01: Where's the Avatar the last niche bender, who can bend all 4 niche elements, and is destined to save YouTube by defeating the niche lord ozai!
 how's my storytelling? lol
  8. @rubix5531: Some kid pretending his some genius… it’s just rich parents and paying for reach
  9. @rebekahmatznick_rd: Wouldn’t you search for other niches instead of asking the bot to find viral videos in your niche? Since you just talked about niche bending, why would I ask the bot to find viral videos in my niche?
  10. @MYCOFARMER: You lost me.
  11. @lionsground: It's the worst tip ever by vidiq knowing that YouTube's algorithms now focus on very  contrary things claimed in this video.
  12. @KeeshFinance: fascinating, thank you!
  13. @Menopauseatpeace: Thank you for the amazing content that you share.
  14. @TenseIntense: The good ol' strategy of f***ing up each others content. Classic YouTube.
  15. @tri-star.pickin: We are click junkies      folded  over these screens.
  16. @divyas1114: 1:20  Meaning 
4:00  Examples 
6:25  How to do
  17. @Rankooooooo: Well explained sir 🙌
  18. @spncrmode: Straight to the point and actually keeps you hooked till the end
  19. @PawBurst_247: Is there any creator here trying to get to 1k subs before April runs out?🤚
  20. @Traveling_For_Events: So hes copying me. Ive been doing this 3 years now

- How YouTube Wants You to Make Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en Going viral with YouTube shorts has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy. So, if you want to see explosive growth with your YouTube shorts this year, you need to master these two metrics that YouTube really cares about. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what you should measure, monitor, and improve to make your shorts go viral. So, whenever you post a YouTube short, is this a problem that you see? Do most of your shorts maybe look like this where you have like a spike in views at the beginning. It begins to flatline. You maybe get a couple thousand views, maybe a couple hundred. You get your one subscriber and your 41 cents of YouTube ad revenue, right? So, it kind of is underwhelming and you're like, why did I spend all this time making a short? But more specifically, you're wondering like about this weird thing at the beginning. Why does this happen? Right? You get this spike in views at the beginning and then it just completely flatlines. Well, something actually is happening in here that's really important. And this is called the trial phase. So YouTube is actually testing your video, your short in the first 24 to 48 hours. And this is an example and a case study of what that might look like in the first day. So we can see this is a video that I posted on my personal YouTube channel. And within the first hour, we get a little spike in views. It's not much, but YouTube is testing this with an initial wave of audience. Maybe my subscribers, maybe a few people that don't subscribe to me as well. And that's the first test. And actually with this video, there was a couple tests. Now, you won't always see two tests in the first, you know, couple days of your video. You might only see one test, but it did send it through a second wave of testing here at about hour 18 of this video being live. And within the first 24 hours, it did 10,000 views, got 13 subscribers and 36 cents in ad revenue. I'm rolling in it with that 36 cents, let me tell you. But of course, the question is, what is YouTube testing during this trial phase? Well, they're actually testing two key metrics that we're going to deep dive into this video and talk about how you can improve them. The first is swipe away rate and the second is average percentage viewed. These are absolutely the two most important metrics you need to know about if you want your shorts to go viral. So, let's spend some time deep diving into swipeway rate and how we can improve this metric. So, what even is swipeway rate, right? So, it measures how quickly a viewer is swiping away from your short. And if you're a Tik Tok user, if you use Instagram reels or even YouTube shorts, you've you've done the doom scroll, right? Where you're sitting there, you're going through video after video, but YouTube is actually measuring all this data. So if you are presented with a video in front of you, and within like a second you decide, ah, no, this video is not for me, and you swipe away, that is the swipeway rate. So you want a low swipeway rate percentage. If too many people are leaving within the first two to three seconds, YouTube is going to stop pushing that video to the broader YouTube community and your short is not going to pick up any steam. If you have a high swipeway rate, meaning a lot of people are swiping away from your video and not choosing to watch it, you have a very, very low chance of virality. Now, here's a couple examples of some swipeway percentages. So, on the left side here, we have what I call like the icebergs. You see the icebergs over here? It's cold. You don't want to see these percentages. Over 52% of people are choosing to swipe away. So over half of people when they're presented with that short are like, "Nah, this short's not for me. I'm going to swipe away to the next one." On the inverse though, these fire emojis over here, this is a fire swipeway percentage. Over 72% of people are choosing to view and only 28% are choosing to swipe away. So ideally, you want low swipeway rates that are going to increase your chances of virality. A basic rule of thumb here. If you can get 70% of people to view your short instead of swipe away, so keeping that swipe away below 30% is going to be really helpful. A quick word from today's sponsor, Riverside. Riverside is a platform that lets you capture studio quality content from anywhere. I'm literally recording in my home office right now and my kids are going crazy downstairs. And this still all looks and sounds really good because Riverside can record up to 4K video with uncompressed audio. It's also super easy to record and collaborate with guests. They don't need to download any apps. They can just tap a link on their browser and then they instantly are ready to start recording. One of my favorite features is the separate audio and video tracks for each speaker. This is a lifesaver. If your guest's dog starts barking or their kids start running in, you can actually just mute their audio track in particular without messing up your audio. And Riverside doesn't just stop at recording. It also has a very easy built-in editing workflow that's flexible and really fast. You can even edit by deleting words in the transcript, and the video will update automatically. Plus, right after recording, you can generate captions and clips optimized for YouTube shorts, Tik Toks, and Instagram reels, all directly in the app. It's the ultimate all-in-one tool for content creation. And so if you're a creator or business owner at any stage who wants professional quality without the headache, you've got to check out Riverside. So if you want to give it a try, go ahead and visit the link down in the description and use code think media at checkout to get one month free of their pro plan. Now that brings us to the second very important metric, which is average percentage viewed. And basically average percentage viewed or APV as the abbreviation would be is pretty straightforward. It's how much of your short people are actually watching. And YouTube specifically wants them to watch 80% or more of the total runtime of that short. So if viewers are not sticking around for long enough, YouTube's just going to decide this short is not engaging. It's not retaining people's attention. And that's like the number one goal of YouTube. They want people to spend time on the platform. So if they're only watching like a few seconds of your video, YouTube's not going to serve up that video to many more people. We do have a couple examples we can show you. The iceberg's return on the left side. This is numbers we don't want to see, right? We don't want to see a 52% average percentage view. That means they're only watching about half of our short and then they're swiping on to the next short. We don't want to see that. On the inverse though, look at the fire emojis are back. We got a 95% average percentage viewed. So, if the average view duration, you can see right here, is 26%. That means that this video's total runtime is probably only about 27 seconds or 26 and a half seconds and they're watching almost the entire thing. Now, we can look at this data all we want, but there's no better way to learn than looking at some successful short examples and learning from those. So, let's take a look at this one right here from the main Think Media channel. This short got 4.8 million views, got us 4,000 subscribers and a couple hundred in ad revenue. But, let's check it out. >> Have you guys heard of that channel, Dad? How do I do you guys know how many subscribers he got in his first month? 1 million subscribers in his first month. The guy's in his mid-50s. So, he says, "Today, I'm going to show you what to do if you have a leak in the plumbing." What a sweet man. I love this man. Secretly, I have no clue how to fix my plumbing when it leaks. Other people need to watch this as well. Cool. For that, the mission is more about I wish I had a father like him growing up that taught me how to do this, right? People connect with that. People connect emotionally to a mission. >> I love this short. I think it's a great example of different tactics you can apply like split screen effects or captioning or an engaging story. So, there's reasons why, and we'll talk about those in just a few minutes as to why this video went viral. But we can look at those back-end analytics and see it's got a 98% average percentage viewed as well as only a 25% swipe away rate. Here's another example from my personal channel that did 220,000 views and got me a couple hundred subscribers. And this is also like a different style. It's more of like a joke. This video is a joke, by the way. I don't actually need to bring this many cameras to a wedding, but you'll see. These are all the cameras I have to bring for a wedding. Instax Mini because I mean, come on, it's a wedding. The Sony A1 because I want the best for my clients. Full-size Instaxs because widescreen rules. RX100 for super high frame rate. An EX6 because I need a camera for YouTube reviews. Another Instax because these things are so unreliable. A Super Eight film camera because clients think it's cool. A backup Super Eight because these are also unreliable. An A6000 for the Grimsman that thinks he's a photographer. A full-size VHS camera because I can charge more. And whatever other cameras will fit in my bag. Honestly, I usually only bring like two or three cameras to a wedding at most, but I just thought this would be a funny concept and would drive retention, and it absolutely did. Average percentage viewed, 96.5%. And again, we're right around the same swipeway percentage with only 25% choosing to swipe away. Here's one more example from one of our Video Ranking Academy students. Her name is Deianne. And if you did not know, we actually have an online course called Video Ranking Academy where we teach you the best strategies for growing on YouTube and monetizing your channel and having a sustainable business model. And if you're curious about joining other creators like Deianne in our video ranking academy course, you can check out thinkv.com or I'll also link it down in the description below so you can check that out. >> I love a good whitening toothpaste and I have my Philips Sonicare toothbrush. So let's see a little before and after. All right. What do you think? Actually, it does look whiter. That's pretty awesome. Plus, I like the taste of it. I'm not a big super mint person, and this one's like a light mint flavor. So, I like it. I think you're going to like it, too. >> I love this short from Dan because it is so simple. It's just her kind of brushing her teeth, but it did 80,000 views, which is above her channel average in terms of shorts views. So, the question is like, why did this short perform well and other shorts don't necessarily perform well? Well, for her, there's these three reasons that I could identify, and we're going to deep dive into some of these strategies here in just a minute. But some quick things about Deian short here is that it does show like this transformative piece. There's a before and after. She starts brushing her teeth with the whitening toothpaste and then she smiles and you see like her super bright white smile. So, it like establishes that authority figure too of like, oh, she actually has really white teeth, so maybe this whitening toothpaste does work. It gives you that reason to stick to the end too because you want to see that transformative piece. And it also speaks to the common pain point of everybody wants brighter teeth. And I think Deian's like target audience is like maybe like anti-aging women in their like 30s, 40s, 50s around there. So that is a pretty niche audience. But the beauty of this reel is everybody wants wider teeth. So this speaks to both men and women alike. Like I'm a man who's 29 years old. I'm not her target audience at all. But I still find this short interesting because I want wider teeth. Like, who doesn't want a nice bright smile? Now, somebody we've had on the podcast before is named Brendan Kaine, and he's a social media strategist, an author, and content creator himself. And he would classify this in his book, The Guide to Going Viral, as what's called the generalist principle. So, this is making your content universally accessible, capturing the attention of the broadest possible audience. And we think Deian did this so well right here. And this is something that you got to think about for your shorts as well. I know something we teach at Think Media here is to like niche down, answer specific questions for exactly who your target audience is. And while that is still a winning strategy, especially for YouTube long form, if you want to succeed and have shorts that go mega viral and do hundreds of thousands or millions of views, you have to apply this generalist principle and make your content more accessible to people from different demographics and niches, etc. So, a challenge for you if you want to make your shorts go viral is how can you make a short with the broadest possible appeal that's still going to honor and resonate with your core audience? That is the perfect type of short for you to make on your personal channel. Now, those are some great examples, but I do want to dive into some more strategy and growth tips for shorts with specific use cases for how you can improve some of these swipeway rates and average view percentages that we're talking about. So, some common causes though of a high swipeway rate are these things. You might have a weak hook. Like your first one to two seconds of your short is just not engaging. Maybe you have like a bunch of dead space at the beginning and it's not very snappy. So hooks are so vitally important. Like that first second, first one to two seconds is essential for getting high views. It also might be confusing or like lacking clarity. And I see this especially with like people who repurpose podcast episodes. They'll like repurpose a portion of the episode that really needs context in order to understand what's going on, but they'll just like repurpose a random section and it's a little bit confusing. Those kinds of videos often lead to pretty high swipeway rates. Also, your short just might be a little bit low quality, like you didn't film on a high quality phone or camera, or your resolution is poor, things like this, or the audio sounds really bad. Those could be indicators. But a little note here is it's not always an indicator of like downward or poor performance if you have a lowquality short. If your story is really good or it's like a crazy like news clip or something, those shorts can still go viral. But oftentimes we'll see people just make videos in their home and the lighting is really bad and it just looks pretty grainy. So that could be an indicator as to why your swipeway rate is high. Now, if you want to improve your swipeway rate, here are some things you can do. Think about the first frame of video. Is your first frame interesting? Is it visually pleasing? Is it funny or strange? Like look at this first frame of this short I found over here to the right. There's like a nurse hugging a tree and then it says up top like I looked outside to find my dad trying to save his favorite tree from a windstorm. It's like this is a very weird situation. Like why is this guy in his scrubs and he's holding on to a tree in a windstorm? Like is the tree going to fall on him? This is very interesting. It's like I want to keep watching this video and you can see hundreds of thousands of likes, millions of views, lots of comments. So this is a winning first frame. Some other first frames that I found interesting over here on the left is like putting a 360° camera on a leaf. Like that's a weird idea. Like what actually happens when you do that? Like does the leaf look like it's just floating all around in the air? I thought that was kind of interesting. The middle one here is fascinating. It's got a little title card up top that says engineer built himself a bionic hand after losing four fingers. And right now it's just showing the back side of the hand, but you sort of want to like you want to know what happens. Does he flip the hand over? And like are his fingers really missing? It creates curiosity and a desire to watch till the end of the short to see how this all unfolded. And then the one on the right is just a farmer who's going to mow some grass, but it is just like visually pleasing to see like you're in the middle of the action right now. A little bit of the grass is mowed so far, but not the entire thing. So, I want to see like how does he actually go about mowing this whole thing. It's almost like there's a timer on screen, but the timer is like the grass and you want to see the entire grass get mowed. So, these are three really interesting first frames of video and you can think about how you could make your first frame of content interesting and compelling to drive better swipeway percentages. And then, of course, there is the hook. Like, how did you hook the viewer into getting them interested in watching your video in the first place? And I have a few examples I do want to show you right here. So, let's watch this video. And we're just going to watch like the first two seconds of these videos to show you how these videos were successful. And boom, that's the hook. It's two seconds in length and there's literally a lion jumping on top of a man and it's like what just happened? Is this dude gonna get eaten? Is he gonna die? Like what's going on? But if you let this video play out, you'll actually see that this is a story of a man who raised this line up since it was a young cub. So there's a story, there's an emotional element here. So this video did really well and it has a great hook. Our second example is for a university that I actually work for and we produced this short that did a couple million views and let's watch the hook together. Why were there even Confederate monuments? Were those all erected by the South in order to celebrate their lost cause? >> So really the hook there is like why And people from all walks of life, not just historians, but anybody who like has a basically a high school education who's learned about the Civil War would be wondering, yeah, why are there Confederate monuments? It is kind of a weird thing. Like why do they exist? And so in this episode, we were interviewing a historian who walks through the actual reasons as to why these Confederate monuments were there in the first place. So it's a minute long short and got a really good average percentage viewed and swipeway rate because of a compelling hook. This last example I think is hilarious. It's literally just seven dogs getting ready to jump out of a plane. And that is literally all the hook is. It's just these dogs like they're right there. Are they actually going to jump out of a plane? I have to know this. Like I I need to know. Do these dogs jump? So, those are all examples of shorts that actually performed really well and had low swipeway rates. Now, let's look at some ways we can improve our average percentage viewed. So, this really is first and foremost just weak storytelling. So, there's no clear payoff potentially in your video. Like, nobody knows why they're watching. They maybe watch four or 5 seconds and there's no payoff. There's maybe too much dead space or no pattern interruptions. Like, there's no B-roll or no text coming on screen to sort of keep the viewer engaged. Additionally, you might not have captions on your screen. And it's really important to know that 60 to 85% of viewers who watch shorts are watching vertical video without the sound on. So, if you're not having captions on your video, you're missing out on like 60 to 85% of the population who wouldn't even know what's happening because they don't have the captions available to them to view. And third, you might have also poorly formatted the video for vertical viewing. And maybe you like repurposed a horizontal video for vertical. And here's an example on screen. My kids love these YouTubers, good news guys. It's like Bible stories for kids. But you can see over here like they put like goodnewsguys.com down below where like their title card and the subscribe button is. You can't even see that. And then the vertical video is not even filling the frame. So it's just kind of a messy short and it didn't perform very well because of that. So whenever you can, you want to format your vertical videos as best as possible for the vertical viewing experience. Now, I already mentioned one of these books, The Guide to Going Viral. But another book by Brendan Kane that I found really helpful is Hook Point as well. So, a couple books by him. We'll link those down in the description below. If you really want to get serious about hooking viewers better and improving your storytelling, these are some awesome ways that you can do that. Now, one of the things that Brendan Kane talks about in his books is that social media has sort of developed these different formats that you can apply to increase your average percentage viewed. And really all a format is are like these proven video structures that help a viewer know what to expect when they're deciding to watch your video for longer than 3 seconds or so. So some common formats that maybe you've seen emerge on social media in the past year or so are first what he calls the two characters one light bulb format. And I'll show you an example of that right here. >> I tried freezing motion with my flash but it's still blurry. What am I doing wrong? Let me guess. You're focused on shutter speed right? Yeah. Doesn't that fast? So, as you can see, it's one creator, but he's playing both sides of the coin. He's playing the beginner as well as the pro and answering the questions that the beginner has. So, this is a proven format that's really viral right now and something you can apply to your own channel. This format has been around forever. It's the viral video reaction plus commentary. So, it's just you as a creator reacting to some sort of viral clip. It could be a news clip. It could be a cooking clip like this video is right here. Let's check it out. Frozen meat. Here we go. Wait. Frozen meat straight into pan. What? and the garlic on their nose. Taco seasoning. What? So, yeah, this is a super fun format that you could explore. And there's one more format I wanted to show you, which is the power of this, which is kind of just like starting seemingly boring stuff potentially that you can turn and spin into a really interesting thing by using the power of this thing only cost $69. This strategy will take your channel from 0 to a,000 subscribers. It's the power of this. Let's watch Anthony right here demonstrate that. This is a two terbte hard drive. This is a two terbyte solidstate drive. And this is a two terbte NVME drive. This is a great example of maybe a seemingly boring topic like hard drives can be kind of interesting if you format it in the right way. And the key here is that each of these creators are actually using the same format over and over again and they're mastering that one format to generate millions of views. You don't have to try 17 different formats. you can actually maybe try to just master one or two formats and find repeatable success in your content strategy by just mastering a couple. So that's kind of a challenge for you. Like what one or two formats could you maybe explore and do some research on in your own niche that could lead to that repeatable success for your channel. So that's a basic overview of the two most important metrics to make your short succeed. Swipe away rate and average percentage viewed. If you can master these two things and continue to improve those metrics, you're going to find success with your short strategy. And if you're serious about growing on YouTube this year, you should definitely check out our online course, Video Ranking Academy, that I'll link right here at this end card. And if you want to check out another video from us here at Think Media, you can click or tap the screen right

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [12 likes]: Let's be real, nailing the first 3 seconds of a Short is tough. What part of the process trips you up the most? Let us know below! ⬇
🎥 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://creators.riverside.com/thinkmedia3
🔥 Want the complete roadmap to YouTube growth? Get the proven strategies for YouTube mastery inside our course here 👉  http://thinkVRA.com
  2. @Rankmonsta-s5z [1 likes]: Thanks mate! Very helpful!
  3. @kellyroberts6984 [1 likes]: Wow, best Shorts growth video that I've watched! You explained it all so clearly. Thank you!
  4. @Jacydesignart [1 likes]: Lots of good, important info, thank you!
  5. @SpreadTheGospel0 [1 likes]: Let’s grow
  6. @JakeoftheWoods [1 likes]: Great video and information, I just posted my first 2 shorts today! thank you for the help!
  7. @YArtemida [1 likes]: An example for those who show themselves in videos. I'd like to know how to make a short music video where you don't show yourself, but just upload music!?
  8. @theearthling8178: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @CollectCreateCollaborate: Thanks
  10. @Virgo2024: Just be authentic.
  11. @RyyKnows-R18: Nice
  12. @maxwolfbolt7259: I hope everything works out
  13. @MehtaKyaKehta: People are getting ad revenue from Shorts?
  14. @crescitaly: The breakdown of swipe-away rate vs average percentage viewed is incredibly helpful. I've been creating shorts for a while and always wondered why some would get that initial spike and then flatline. Now I understand the trial phase concept much better. The generalist principle from Brendan Kane's book is a great insight too — finding that sweet spot between niche-specific content and broad appeal is really the key to unlocking massive views on shorts. One thing I've noticed from testing my own shorts is that the first frame genuinely matters more than most people think. I started treating my first frame like a thumbnail and my swipe-away rate dropped significantly. For anyone watching who's just getting started with shorts and struggling with that early stage where YouTube barely pushes your content, building up some initial engagement on your channel can help the algorithm take your shorts more seriously during those trial phases. I used Crescitaly to establish credibility on my accounts when starting out, and it helped my early shorts get past that initial testing phase more consistently. Combined with the strategies Think Media is teaching here about mastering hooks and retention, the growth really starts to compound. Saving this video for reference!
  15. @emotionalstories.100: I have learnt a lot from this video. Would recommend it
  16. @staticlesss0: 😢😢yt
  17. @thespookymoose: The Spooky Moose will be the next big scary story channel
  18. @ViralCherriesYT: if it has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy what about videos with near 1:1 like ratios and comments, watch rates 90%+ but youtube stops showing it?
  19. @Codjd1: Let’s grow faster!
  20. @reneepelk77094: ❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @snipitclipx: Hoping to go viral too
  3. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  4. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  6. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  7. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  8. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  9. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  10. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  11. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  12. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  13. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  14. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  15. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  16. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  17. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  18. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  19. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  20. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much

- YouTubes New Algorithm Update Is KILLING Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Something huge has just happened on YouTube. And if you feel like your views have dropped recently, this is why. The platform just made its biggest change in decades, and everyone is panicking. So, in this video, I'm going to break down what this change is, what it means for you guys, and what you can do to pick your views back up again. Now, I recently shared a poll asking you guys if you liked AI content. And when I was reading what you were saying, this is a comment I saw. It said, "Dan, what are your thoughts on the September view drop? Vid IQ and Marcus Jones have been talking about it and a lot of other YouTubers, including me, experienced it, too." And to be honest, like this was the first time I'd heard of this, and I thought to myself, what is this guy actually on about? So, I clicked on Marx's profile and watched his video. And then I also clicked on Vid IQ's profile and watched their video, too. And I was like, "Wo, okay." Like, something big is actually happening here. But why is this the first time I was actually hearing about it? Because it's obviously very now apparent that there's been a huge change to the algorithm. And since September of last year, most people on YouTube have seen their views absolutely tank. So I went into my own analytics to check. So if I go in and change the dates from 1st of June 2025 to the 31st of December 2025, which is 6 months, this is what I get. Now, yes, I did have a big spike early back in June where a couple of my videos went viral, but overall, like my views have pretty much stayed the same. Like, there's no big September dip whatsoever here now. Like, I certainly hadn't been affected by it. You can see here there's no big dip at all. So, I thought I'd also ask some of my students in my course. Like, these guys follow my teachings and my advice, but they hadn't experienced it either. In fact, my students are still growing. This gaming channel here recently passed 700 subscribers. Sophie passed 500 subs back in December and Emma recently posted video got 42,000 views and got her up to the 4,000 watch hour requirement. So, I haven't been affected by it and nor of my students. And this piques my curiosity even more. I was thinking to myself, was this just sensationalism for these guys to get some cheap views? But surely not because I consider both markers and Vid IQ both my peers like surely they wouldn't create such clickbait on this scale. So, I decided to do my own research and I set up a poll for you guys. And to be fair, the results actually shocked me because a vast majority of you said that your views had dropped in September, too. And one thing that actually did stand out to me, though, was when I was watching Marcus and Vid IQ's videos was the fact that they both said the YouTube homepage had changed. And they're right. It has actually changed in a big big way. Now, normally the guys at YouTube get away with making these small little changes over time so that they go completely unnoticed, but this time the mask has slipped. Now, before I show you what my homepage actually looks like right now, let's actually like zoom out a bit and let's look at a typical homepage, what that looked like back in 2016, which are like the golden years of YouTube where growing a channel was much easier. So if I type into Google YouTube homepage 2016, this is what you'll see here. So look at this one. If I click on this, so this is a screenshot of a typical homepage back in 2016 on YouTube. And what you can see here, there is six videos on each row. And there's there's five different columns on here with rows of six different videos. So this means every single time you log on to YouTube for the first time and go to the homepage, you've got the choice as a viewer of 30 different videos to watch. And that means there's 30 different creators and 30 different videos on there. And there's so many different people competing for your attention, which means it's actually easier for you as a creator to have your video posted on there because there's so much space. There's so much like real estate for you to access. And all of these screenshots say the same thing. There's six different videos on all of these rows here. Now, you want to compare this to what YouTube looks like today, like January of 2026. This is what my homepage looks like. So, as you can see here, we've got one, two, three videos and then immediately goes to shorts. So, we've gone from having a page where you've got 30 different videos to choose from to free. This is 10% of what it was back in 2016, 10 years ago. And then below that, you've got shorts. So, a big row of shorts taking up all the space where other long form videos should have been. And then we've got another row of long form. So, three more videos. and then more shorts and then long form and then some more long form down here. So what this means is all of the prime real estate is getting taken up by shorts. Now what the even crazier thing is here if I type in let's say Sony A6700 the results will come up again the vast majority of them are shorts. So all of these shorts here and then you've got one video in search results. So you've l got one creator here getting their video right at the top and then you've got even more shorts. even more shorts buried in here too and a couple of long form videos. Now, this means it's much much harder for your videos to show up on the homepage and search results, like the two very places that have traditionally driven the vast majority of views on YouTube. So, we've gone from competing for like 12 different slots, to just three. And like, here's the obvious truth. All of these shorts you see here have replaced something, and that something is long form video competition. Now, this doesn't mean getting views on long form videos has completely stopped entirely. It just means they're being distributed to far fewer creators. Where views used to be spread across loads of different creators, they're now concentrated on just a handful, which makes competition much much tougher, especially if you don't know what you're doing. But what's actually happened here? Like, what actually explains this big dip and the change of the homepage? Now, at the end of the day, look, this is just another tweak to the algorithm. The most important thing to understand is that the algorithm is always evolving, and the engineers at YouTube are constantly changing it. Now, these changes aren't always perfect. Some of them genuinely suck, and this one definitely does suck for most creators. But YouTube isn't making these decisions in a vacuum. They're reacting to data, and more importantly, to how people in general consume content. Like everyone knows, YouTube is in direct competition with Tik Tok, Instagram, and every other platform fighting for your attention. So if they see people scrolling more or watching shorter content or spending more time in feeds, then YouTube will adapt the platform to suit that, even if it hurts other creators as a result. Now, hopefully this is just one of those changes that YouTube realizes was a mistake and hopefully like eventually reverses. But honestly, I don't think that's going to happen. This feels like the horrible direction YouTube is heading in. So, no, YouTube hasn't crashed, but it has changed. And changes like this are exactly why some creators continue to grow, whilst other creators will just get completely wiped out. And this is exactly why I built the YouTube Academy in the first place. So, when YouTube makes these huge changes, the way you create your videos matters even more than ever. Titles, thumbnails, ideas, all of it. Now, inside the YouTube Web Academy, I teach you exactly how to build your channel properly so things like this don't affect you like they've affected everyone else. Now, I'll link it down below. Otherwise, if you're not interested, that's fine. But do let me know down in the comments if you were affected and how you're affected and what's changed for you. Thank you very much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [44 likes]: Work with me here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @TintinGlobe-Trotter [4 likes]: Youtube is not TikTok.  Long form videos are what makes Youtube so special.  Stop killing long form creators.
  3. @BakerBootleg [3 likes]: Honestly sucks so much.  I’ve had friends who had footage online that passed away and it’s sad that those memories can’t be accessed I hope Google will work to fix this because the platform has become less entertaining.
  4. @PuppetShortFilms [1 likes]: I'm affected big time oh well still making videos, no give up. and it's intersting my Ranking by views

3 of 10

Views
88

Average percentage viewed
219.3%
  5. @Whitt6 [1 likes]: Hi mate I have a question for you 
YouTube have cancelled my channel 
Due to apparently saying it's about spam or a long them guide lines and I don't understand why because all my channel is about was posting videos of cars and all I was filming was the outside of the cars plus alot of the time I had permission is there any advice etc that you can give me that I can put in the appeal
  6. @Cat-Whisperer-2111 [1 likes]: They don't want to give up any of their big pie. Long-form videos are hidden, and already monetized channels are demonetized. This way, of course, they can make more money, and small creatives are exploited. Nowadays, it takes three years of study to understand the platform...
  7. @RT66Travel [1 likes]: Why keep going? It’s already difficult. If it’s harder, is there a point to keep going? Lots of people probably wonder?
  8. @NicksStrengthandPower: Over the last few weeks my views  have absolutely tanked suddenly despite the fact this is typically a peak time of year of me with big events. On average compared to my coverage of the exact same events last year I’m suddenly down 50-70% with no reason or explanation.
  9. @loveAustralia-mate: I will support small channels let's grow...
  10. @guilhermegdeavogtmannsberg3776: youtube is giving chance to grok, faccebook and instagram get the creators.
  11. @AnushBhise: Fact - Youtube hate small channels
  12. @ancientfishing: Youtube needs to go back to 2016 on desktop and tv, get rid of shorts on non-mobile platforms.
  13. @jacobsweeney2330: THEY ARE PUSHING SHORT CONTENT, WAY MORE.  
 LIKELY TRYING TO PROGRAM HUMANS NOT TO HAVE ANY ATTENTION SPAN, \
EASIER TO CONTROL THE POPULATIONS.
  14. @TruthPrincess: Thank you Dan, for explaining what is happening.  I have experienced in the last two weeks a sudden drop in views for a few days where my views are less than 10 per video compared to hundreds or even 1-2 thousand per video.  Then, it is as though Youtube gets the videos "unstuck" and I start to get views again on the most recent videos.  I am only posting shorts and have tried some AI Youtube video posts too.  The second time it happened, I just resigned myself to getting only a handful of views for each video, but decided to be OK with that since I could be faithfully posting for my subscribers.  Then in the last few hours my videos are starting to get views again!  We live in such strange times.  I don't know what to think.  I am not monetizing my channel and don't intend to, so I don't know if that has anything to do with my situation or not on Youtube.
  15. @metroidmaster88: As long as we ate greedy peoples we small ones goes hide in hole. Rich peoples like Donald Trump, Mark Zuccenbherg and Benjamin Netahau can break every single laws without risk goes to court room. We poor peoples no have same laws.
  16. @metroidmaster88: yes this did it always my videois 20 to zero. Youtube can kiss my ass. We really create this channel. I was first pesrson who post videos in tube 16 years ago.
  17. @QuizzerUknow: Nice, great time to have started a new channel😅. Let the grind begin!
  18. @intra9645: I hide shorts and never update. Best way to use YouTube.
  19. @matthijsfkra: ive noticed quality of yt recomends down too
  20. @SenseiFamilyJedi: Bro it's obnoxious as a viewer too. I was enjoying the algorithm for a couple years and suddenly it's recommending the wildest crap I have ZERO interest in and completely off topic from what I just watched, nothing like what I'm subscribed to our have a history of engaging with. It's awful. Like I've turned off Autoplay now and I'm forced to set up a que if I leave it on.

- How Small Churches *Actually* Grow Using Social Media: Kind: captions Language: en - 90 days ago, I began working directly with a smaller church. Even better? This is a church from Rochester, ranked by Barna as the #9 most post-Christian city in 2019. My team and I got to work. We followed four steps. I'm gonna show you the exact results we got. Here's what happened. Now the first thing that we did was, I sat down with this church and emphasized our game plan. And here's what that looks like. We call this the Social Ministry Mountain. You can download this for yourself, and I highly encourage you to do so at prochurchtools.com/mountain. Linked in the description. This essentially plots out the different stages of social media impact that we want to achieve. You know, churches are in-person organizations, so how does what we do online affect in-person? This is how we track it. Because, yes, while it's true there's no way to say, you know, "This many new followers equals this many baptisms or genuine commitments to Christ, or new recurring givers in your church," social also isn't just a shot in the dark. There's a clear trajectory and path we want to follow. There are four stages on The Social Ministry Mountain. Like every church, we start at the bottom and we work our way up. Stage #1 is called NoWeeksOff. And this is the foundational rhythm needed for a successful social media ministry in your church. New content every week, indefinitely. Now, notice this is not "No days off." And that's because we're churches, not influencers. And this matters because influencers monetize, and thus, earn their living off of views and impressions. If I'm an influencer and I'm negotiating a brand deal, I'm gonna to point to how many posts I can dedicate to highlighting the brand's product and the average number of views and impressions this brand can expect to get from that. Now, as a church, you know, that isn't relevant to you. So we don't need to follow the same posting strategy. And this is also why some of the best social media advice for creators online often is not appropriate for churches. So be mindful of that. Now, as an aside, I should also say that my approach to social closely mirrors churches. I have never once done a brand deal or affiliate deal of any kind. Links in the description are not affiliate links giving me a kickback. I run a tech company full time. We have software, Nucleus, our church website builder. We work one-on-one with churches at SocialSermons. That's how we make money as a business, which means I get to talk about whatever I want in my videos, and hold nothing back, and I don't need to post everyday either. Back to this smaller church we were working with. Once we began our partnership together, we immediately climbed the first level on The Social Ministry Mountain. So long as we are gonna partner together, we're gonna send them new, fresh content every single week. And I cannot overemphasize how big of a deal just this on its own really is. Because in my experience, very few churches are even able to achieve the first level on The Social Ministry Mountain, indefinitely. Because we all wear multiple hats in ministry, right? And what usually happens is maybe you watch a video like this, you get inspired, your church is active on social for a few weeks or months, but then your energy is needed elsewhere, you've got a bunch of responsibilities at church, right? And then social's momentum dies down. And we have to go back to the bottom of The Social Ministry Mountain because we couldn't keep up the pace of No Weeks Off, which is why I can't stress this enough. We don't even get a chance to see how our online efforts can impact our in-person experiences if we can't keep this No Weeks Off rhythm up. But if you look at our Social Ministry Mountain diagram again, what does the timeline say for this first level of No Weeks Off? It says, "Immediate." Because you can make the decision at any point, "Yes, we are going to be consistent. We are never going to take a week off." And look, it doesn't have to be much. For this church, all we did was review their sermon every single week. Someone on our team would watch it through in its entirety, no bots or AI, and we'd marked up two sections of about 30 to 90 seconds that we would then turn in to vertical videos. SocialSermons. We did this for 90 days and posted those to Facebook, Instagram, YouTube Shorts, TikTok, and Twitter. So, just two posts per week for 90 days. And I'd say that this is the bare minimum that you'd want on social, two new posts per week. As for the results, here they are. Compared to the previous 90 days, followers growing 45% faster, engagement 204% higher, impressions increased 395%. And these are combined numbers across all platforms. Now, we were on to the next level You can see the title here, "Viral For Me." Now that we were posting consistently for this church, the next thing we wanted to see was our first "Viral For Me" post. And that's any post we publish that reaches 10X the audience of a typical post for this church. And if you look at the spikes on this graph, you'll see this church's "Viral For Me" posts. That's what those spikes represent. Now, it's really important here to set proper expectations. If there's one thing that derails churches on social, it's first, not committing to the No Weeks Off publishing rhythm, which we just discussed, but second, it's unrealistic expectations. Yes, you can have a post that blows up and goes crazy and doubles your following overnight. We literally just saw it with a church last month. But, it's not the likely outcome for your church, and if I'm being honest, most of the time it's not the desirable outcome. The desirable outcome is slow and steady growth which scales with what your church can actually handle. And to that end, here are the realistic expectations that you should set for your church for "Viral For Me" posts. The aim is for 3 to 5% of your posts to be "Viral For Me." So what that means is, if you published two new posts per week, and we're talking Reels here on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, and TikTok, because that is the content format most likely to be discovered by people beyond your existing audience. If you published two of those per week with the expectation that 3 to 5% of posts are "Viral For Me," which is a great percentage, you'd hope to see your first "Viral For Me" post within roughly the first 90 days. So, after three months, we hope to have one, just one "Viral For Me" post in the bag. That would be a desirable outcome after 90 days. We'd say, "Yes, we're hitting the right checkpoints. We are committed to No Weeks Off. And within the first 90 days, we've got our first "Viral For Me" post that reached 10X the audience of an average post of ours." Now, I'm referring to an individual social platform here, not all of them combined. And the reason for this is we never know in which platform a church is going to excel on. I have found no way of predicting that. After 90 days, we should have a better feel of which platforms your content is performing well on. Now, because "Viral For Me" posts are a percentage of your overall posts, the thought you might jump to is, "Okay, great, let's just publish more posts," and you'd be correct. The more content you publish, the greater the likelihood you have of "Viral For Me" posts. More at bats. More chances of getting on base with an important asterisk. The key, is you have to maintain the quality of your content. And let me speak personally here, I have been doing this for 10 years, it's a big part of my job, and I still only publish two vertical videos per week. Similarly, for churches, unless you're doing additional content creation, I would not suggesting pulling more than two sermon clips from a weekly sermon. Some sermons have the content there, but most do not. And if you dilute your post quality, just to get the volume up, you know, in an effort to speed up the process, you might actually disqualify yourself from reaching people because the algorithms will just deem your content not relevant to folks. I see churches do this all the time. They get excited about social, which I love, but then they say stuff like, you know, "We're gonna start posting more and our content quality is gonna improve." It's like saying, "I'm gonna go on a diet and start running everyday." Okay, love the passion and energy, maybe just do one of those things first. And then add the second one once the first is fully integrated into your life. Otherwise, you're just increasing the likelihood you quit both, because it's not realistic to start both at the same time. Now, you might think, "Okay, Brady, but what about those 90 hard, you know, intense fitness challenges? They demand a lot, but people rise to the occasions." Right, for 90 days. That stuff isn't sustainable, which is the point. So it's not the rhythm we want for social. Because after 90 days on social, we're just starting to lay the foundation for success online. If we quit now, we go all the way back down to the bottom of The Social Ministry Mountain, and we gotta start all over again. And look, what I'm saying here is not rocket science. But if social is a bit foreign to you, it might not be obvious. So think of it like church announcements. Are more announcements better? Well, no. There's a limit. If you spent 90 minutes sharing every church announcement possible, would more people come to things? Would more people pay attention? No. They would tune you out. By trying to do more, you'd end up sabotaging every single announcement. It's much better to focus on a few and make those very few potent on their own. And speaking of The let's move to the next stage now. We call this the The 10X Growth Rate. This is the next goal on our horizon for this church. The 10X Growth Rate. This is growing followers by 4% each month. Pretty modest on its own, but when it compounds over the months and years, it translates to 10X growth over five years. Meaning, this church today, had 1.7 thousand followers, would jump to 17,000 followers in five years. That is dramatic growth, obviously. But it's not unrealistic for any church. You don't need to spend money boosting posts or on ads. You don't need to a famous church with a famous pastor. So why don't more churches do this? Because it requires sustained effort and patience. It's just about showing up every week and being consistent. You know, look at the timeline for this level, 12 to 18 months, that's the average. It can be as short as six months. It can also take as long as 24 months. Platforms like Instagram tend to be faster. Platforms like YouTube tend to be slower. The results that you've seen so far for this church in Rochester in this video, span just 90 days. Through those 90 days, this church's growth rate is at 1.5%, which is great. The goal is 4%. We've been at this, with this church for 90 days, so we're well on our way. But what if nothing changed or improved, and this growth rate stayed steady at 1.5%? Well, so long as we stayed consistent and committed to No Weeks Off, the results would still be dramatic. Because a 1.5% monthly growth rate translates to about 20% growth per year, which would mean growing 250% over five years. So if we kept that growth rate steady, 1,700 followers today becomes 4,250 followers in five years. More than 10,000 followers in 10 years. You might say, "Brady, that takes time." Yeah, it takes time, but it's free. You're not renting a billboard. You're not paying for radio or TV time. You're not printing and distributing mailers. You're not even coming up with new content for your church. You're literally just taking your sermons and repurposing them for online. And the distribution is free. There's truly never been a better time to be doing social ministry. Especially when you consider the major local component to distribution on social. Because people that are geographically close to your church are so much more likely to see your content than someone like me, even if they aren't followers of Jesus and I am. And this takes us to the summit of The Social Ministry Mountain, Crossover Events. Where we can tangibly point to our online efforts translating to in-person. Here's what that looks like. One of our editors got this email from a church that we're working with a week ago. "We have had people literally join our church or show up because they saw the art that you make." The art here is in reference to the sermon clips we're producing, "Like probably four or five families now and they are sticking around." Why do we do all this? Why care about followers, and reach, and multipliers, and percentages? Because of crossover events. Visitor cards saying they heard about the church on social first. Conversations in the lobby with new folks saying they followed online before visiting. Pastors being recognized in the community. "Are you a pastor? You were on my Instagram feed this week?" You know, here's another email I got from a church we've been working with. They sent this email last week. "I wanted to share two things about the social media. First, I was shopping at Sam's and one of the workers came up to me. 'Hey, do you do ministry?' 'Ah, yes.' 'Oh, you're coming up on my Instagram. I'm gonna go and check you out.' And then," pastor goes on, "I went out to eat after church with a few students, and they started engaging with some other students who were there. They saw me and said, 'Ayyee, I know who you are, you the pastor of the church. You've been coming up on my gram.'" Remember when I talked about the local component of discovery algorithms these past few years? This is it. And again, why there's never been a better time to be doing social ministry. If you miss the good old days of social personally, I get it, but from a creator standpoint, from the perspective of your church, there's never been a better time. And to be clear, crossover events can happen at any point. But the closer we get to the 10X growth rate and the longer we sustain it, the more predictable and frequent they become. The church in Rochester that we highlighted earlier in the video, in one of the most challenging places to do ministry in America, is off to a great start. They're just coming out of those first 90 days. So we've got a ways to go. But even if we didn't improve from where we're at now, and we just stayed consistent, it's still gonna be transformative. To download The Social Ministry Mountain diagram for yourself, go to prochurchtools.com/mountain. It's free. Just need your email address. This diagram is also really useful for sharing with your senior leadership. With the ones that maybe don't get social media, it can help them understand why we do what we do online. And you can also say, "Look, here we are, we're on this level, this is the next level we wanna get to, and here's where we eventually wanna get to, and here's how long, you know, we might expect it to take." If you do wanna work with me directly, you can head to socialsermons.com. We work with more than 150 churches each week. Capacity is full right now, but you're welcome to join the waiting list or book a call with me directly. We always try to keep a few float spots for churches that are a really good fit. So if that's you, I'd love to chat on a call and learn more about your church's social media needs and see if we can help. As for the next video you should watch, check out "What Every Church Should Know About The YouTube Algorithm." It's linked on the screen right now. And thanks as always for your time, attention, and trust. I'll talk to you next Tuesday.

  Top Comments:
  1. @prochurchtools [3 likes]: Make sure to download The Social Ministry Mountain diagram here: https://prochurchtools.com/mountain
  2. @RheaBean [3 likes]: Genuinely such an encouraging video. I've been feeling overwhelmed by my new role as social media manager at my church, and this is a great reminder to start simple but stay consistent. Subscribed!
  3. @elisabethpowell62 [1 likes]: I am going to recommit to being consistent with my church socials.
  4. @peacepca5686 [1 likes]: Last year I watched a lot of your videos and changed my entire strategy for social media. My pastor also had me meet with a social media expert who pretty much told me the same thing I learned from you. I used to post about events only. My schedule now is Tuesday - Friday or Saturday, and I post 2 sermon reels, 1 reflection post or reel, 1 worship post or reel and a sermon series reel. I also post some events. The bad thing is I never checked my analytics. Recently, I did. I compared it to the same time last year when I did it the "old" way. I am shocked but views have dramatically gone down in both IG & FB. I now do YT but I have nothing to compare it to. Have you happened to see this before? My content is good (I think), and I am consistent. One thing I tried to do is engagement post but no one ever responded so I rarely do those types of post
  5. @matthewwireman9128 [1 likes]: As a smaller church, what camera would you recommend us getting to get good video of our services? Of course, as a smaller church, our budget is minimal...
  6. @MrGeeSaid: This is wonderful
  7. @olivialolowang: This was the exact video I was looking for. Thanks so much keep up the good work
  8. @1stpresBakerstown: Thank you for this way to evaluate and proactively structure strategy. Are there tools to cross post and see results in each platform?
  9. @gerrittbeatty8695: It just seems to me that FB and Instagram are pay to play sites. If you want more followers and viewers, you need more Reach. The only way to get more Reach is to pay Meta for ads.. What say you?
  10. @jennifermiller9061: I'm at a small rural church and for the past 90 days have done a daily devotional image my people love. By posting it daily am I ultimately hurting our presence with too much content?
  11. @BeatrizProvow: I'm starting to work the socials for our church in Bulgaria, what do you think would be ideal? We need to reach the US (where we fundraise for the mission) but also Bulgarians to impact our region. Should we have 2 different accounts?
  12. @esreagan: You mention that followers is no longer a thing in a recent video. How does that change this strategy?
  13. @watchm3makeit24.7: This is gold! I would love your help with my Dad’s church!
  14. @Loboduk7: Greetings! Fla. church planter here. Do you offer any services like web site design or other?  Thank 🙏
  15. @sweetbabyboyeli: I'm from Rochester! Which church was it? (I missed if you said it)
  16. @matthewwireman9128: How do you get such great audio without a lapel mic?
What's your audio setup?
  17. @jdj4412: SIR,THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL THESE VIDEOS. GREATLY INSIGHTFUL AND HELPFUL
  18. @Dunamis77: How do you setup up the vertical videos? For example; do you have a template for how the words pop up or anything like that?
  19. @jerran_duty: Okay serious question, I’m thinking about shifting my church’s video set up, screens in room, all streaming and videoing to vertical mode.. thoughts?
  20. @robertchambers-kz1iq: Hey Brady, our church lost access to our Facebook page during a leadership transition. The previous pastor was the only admin and he removed himself from the page. The page currently has no admin and we can’t find a way to get it back. We had 1.6 followers and would love to get that back but can’t seem to make it happen. Have you guys run into this before?

- The Truth About AI and YouTube Growth For Small Creators: Kind: captions Language: en It's a YouTube variance. If you can repeatedly do that over and over again, you'll get more and more quote unquote lucky. >> Like YouTube is not the easiest platform to grow on, although it has the most opportunity, but don't confuse that with it being easy. The only podcast that comes to you live and in living color, recorded with no AI included. My name is Travis and I'm here with Rob. Welcome back, Rob. It's been a minute. >> Hey everybody, my name is Rob Wilson and I represent Vid IQ. I am not an AI avatar. >> I love this. And you know, we did an episode, Dan and I, just the other day. Well, actually, it would have been last week when you're listening to this about AI and I never got your feelings on. Although, if you're on the main Vid IQ channel, you've seen some of Rob's thoughts, but let's talk about here on the podcast before we get into some of these questions that have been sent in. >> All right. >> And of course, if you're new here, this is a podcast help you grow your YouTube channel. We talk about a lot of different things, the news of YouTube, and of course, we answer your questions as you send them in. Uh last episode we talked AI and Sora 2 and you've gotten uh you've done a lot with it. What are your thoughts now? Yeah, I guess you might describe me as reluctantly embracing it at the moment just because uh I am part of a team that is all about YouTube education and we can't ignore the fact that AI is here here to stay and this time next year it's going to be unrecognizable from what it is today. And I think we need to be aware of that regardless of or not of whether we use it. I have found myself maybe not subconsciously is not not the right word, but I have found myself trying to dab my feet into it for little bits here and there. And it's not usually for like B-roll where you might expect it could be useful. For me, Travis, right now, I just seem to be using it for nothing but comedy. >> Like, when I want to do something fun and entertaining that isn't serious. Like, it's almost intentionally bad AI. And, you know, it is, but it's used to emphasize a joke in the video. I think that's the extent of where I am using it comfortably right now. And I think I'm I'm more than happy to use myself in a self-deprecating manner with AI and and and you as well. If you've seen the video that went out today, >> some some wonderful vocals you've got on yourself. Very impressive. But yeah, for the for the broader creative domain, I kind of um bowing down to the thoughts of people like Casey Neistat who seem to have a much more rounded and thoughtful opinion on it in the sense he's talking about the funnel is getting bigger and bigger over the top in the sense that pretty much anybody now can make content using a it's not even like a camera anymore. You can make a video with a sentence and access to the internet. Now that's that's where we've got to. Uh, but that funnel is enormous and how much good content is coming out of it at the moment is a question that I can't fathom more answer if I'm >> Yeah. And Dan and I dove in this for about an hour in the last podcast. So, if you're interested in the subject, make sure you go back and listen. And one of the things we did talk about, I want to take get your take on this one thing that Dan came up with that I started to agree with the comments on that video or both ways. And that is that you aren't necessarily creating your prompting. So, you're a prompting engineer. I saw a comment in the video saying that no, I'm still a creator because somehow they created it with the sentence. And I I still feel like you've prompted something else to create for you. I can see where See, here's my thought on it. I think I'm I'm still on the side of it being prompted. I could always be I'm pretty open-minded about things. Someone could change my mind. But you're prompting an engine to do all the creative work for you. No matter what you've described, it is not as descriptive of as what ends up happening in the video. Um, sometimes it's pretty close to it. Sometimes it does something you didn't even think to do and you're like, "Oh, that's even better." But so, did you create that? I feel like you prompted some. It's almost like me going to an artist and saying, "Paint this picture of a lovely beach and then coming back and this amazing p painting has been done." And you go, "Yeah, I created that." Um, you prompted the painter to paint it, but I don't know. What do you feel about it? >> I was ready to disagree with you up to the point of where you said, "Yeah, I got someone else to do it, but I'm claiming it as my work." It's like, "Yeah, I kind of see what you where you're coming from there." Because [laughter] there is this bit in the video that I did today where I prompted Sam Alman to say something along the lines of where embarking on the greatest project in global history of I asking for forgiveness not permission in the sense that they have seemingly downloaded the internet and are now offering that back up to us in this huge cement mixer of results. >> It kind of makes it feel a bit icky >> when when you consider that there are going to be people out there who see the financial benefits and opportunities from that. But I'm I'm trying I was I was I was gonna respond initially with the idea of Yeah, but think about a script maker who wants to turn their pros into something visual, but they don't have the they don't have a cast. They don't have the equipment. They don't have uh the budget to go on on location and do all of these things. And Casey was talking about this in terms of friction. you know, you can remove all of this friction to make creativity accessible to all. But yeah, I guess rem the removal of the friction is actually what's like a it's like a placeholder that's been put there or like a boiler plate. You know, OpenAI has has given you all of these boiler plates, but they've maybe required them acquired them through nefarious actions. I don't know. Is that is that liable? Do we need to edit that out of a >> No, I think you can say that. I mean, we it's been controversial. I mean, people have shouted out because, you know, they they scour the internet and YouTube videos and whatnot. >> I mean, if you if you prompt into a video generator from wherever, open AI or whatever, give me Spongebob Squarepants doing a funny dance. >> And it generates that. There is only one way they were able to get that source material by accessing it from somewhere. And as far as we know, was that permission granted to the generative program where it was made? >> And that's another subject that Dan and I talked about in the last podcast. So, make sure you check that out if you have not already and you like the subject. It's very deep. It's not just, oh, is AI good or bad? Like, we really dove into it. So, this podcast is where we answer your questions and you can send us messages. [snorts] How do you do that you ask? As you always ask, I'll tell you. If you're listening to the audio only podcast, there's an option in the show notes that says text us. And if you click that, it'll send us a text message much like the one we have today. Um, sometimes it doesn't people don't leave their name, so I don't necessarily know who the person is, but here's what they sent us. I'm a 50 old 50-year-old new YouTuber. I have a reaction channel that was just monetized. Congratulations. >> I went to pivot into parenting content as I'm a mom of six across three decades. Whoa. I have four adult children and two under seven. I'm sorry. What? You have two kids under seven and you're 50? Well, let me take my hat off to you cuz I'm going to tell you something right now. I'm not trying to be around no kids under seven right now. Too old for that. I want to pivot into content around the world I grew up in and raise my first four children and no longer existing and navigating the parenting in today's world. I think what they're basically asking is how do they do that? That's a great question because it depends on what your reaction channel was was of like I don't know that's the one thing you don't tell us. >> Yeah. >> So I feel like what they're saying is that you know they want to pivot a and raised your first four children in that no longer exist I guess especially considering that today is so different. So if you were reacting to the news, then being able to pivot to a channel about how things are different now versus, you know, back then that there could be like some vin diagram overlap there, right? But if you're reacting to funny Tik Toks and now you want to do something serious, that sounds like a new channel to me. I don't know. What do you think there, Rob? It sounds like a new channel just on the limited information that we have. But I I think the encouraging thing to say is that if this creator has already been able to monetize a reaction channel, I see no reason why they can't monetize a parenting channel, but do it faster because you've already learned a lot of the things that you need to learn and you've already done a lot of the mistakes that many creators uh make. And it sounds like you got a pretty unique perspective on this given uh the the experience you have in parenting. And so their their parenting now covers I guess a time frame of grown adults who may already uh be married and having their own children and continuing to raise uh younger children themselves. So that felt seems like an really interesting dynamic that we always talk about this skill or superpower of being irreplaceable. You know, whether it's the DIY afficionado who has this big um shed that they can work in or this big space. This creator, I think, has this unique super superpower that's hard to really hard to replicate by anyone else. Yes, I 100% agree. Their story is interesting and over the course of many videos, they could tell their story and then give tips. Like, as you're older, I don't know. I'm going speak for myself. I'm not going to speak for this person. I don't know that. Uh, at my age, I have less patience. A seven-year-old around me would not live very long because I do not have the patience for it. I just don't have the patience for things right now. >> If I was 30, maybe I'd have more patience. So, I feel like that's an interesting subject. like as an older parent, there's, you know, plenty of older parents out there. How do you deal with that? How do you deal with the I mean, it's it's one thing when you're just a regular parent of of quote normal age, whatever that even is, say your mid-30s, and your kid comes home and says a bunch of words that you don't understand. I feel more disconnected from that age group than ever. Like I I just got got on into what cap was just a couple years ago and they keep coming up with skippity doo toilets and all this other stuff. I don't know what any of this stuff means. I don't need to know it. Um but imagine that's like you got to deal with your kids every day coming home saying some new stuff and trying to understand what what it is they're and plus now they're growing up with things like AI. AI was in the movies when I grew up. That wasn't a real thing. It was like cool. Oh that looks really cool. No, this is on your phone now. And by the way, you have a phone that you can walk around with. That wasn't something I had when I was growing up either. So, I feel like that's such an interesting story that you could tell that um and it sounds similar to what you're talking about. Um that just I would just make a new channel with that. I wouldn't even pivot the other channel. I would just >> I keep it. >> Let's not pollute your uh current reaction channel if it's continue to do well and continue to support that channel and uh the audience there. that is going to bring in some revenue which may help you with this new channel. Hey, maybe this could be the opportunity where you think about the let's say you earn $100 a month from the the main channel. You take that $100 and you give it to an editor or whatever you hate doing, you can outsource that for the second channel and that allows you to scale it a little bit quicker. >> I love that. That's so smart and it's something that um we have encouraged people to do like as they get monetized or whatever find that thing that you need to off you know put off whether it's thumbnails or whatever. Of course we have you know thumbnail generation and stuff here at Vid IQ but whatever it is and invest back into the channel. You'd be surprised how much help how much faster that helps you grow. This next one is an email. Of course you can send us an email the boost atvidiq.com. Very short message but the picture tells a thousand words. And I know you're going to have thoughts about this. Why did second place win? And for the audio podcast listeners, Chris sent in an email with a picture of the thumbnail uh AB test thing. And um it shows three thumbnails, all different, which by the way, in my opin Well, two of them are different. Two of them are the same, one's kind of way different. >> I like the fact that they went with completely different looking thumbnails for the most part. >> For audio, I've had to put on my other glasses so I can see >> so he can zoom in and look. And um it says the test finished without a conclusive result, which is pretty common for smaller channels and stuff. That's actually very common. And what he's showing here is um that thumbnail one, which is 41%, is now being shown versus thumbnail two, which has 42%. So technically, it's the winner. Yeah. And then thumbnail three had 16%. So he's asking why did second place win? Um, and the real answer is out here at the top, but I I want to go deeper into like why this is a thing, but the test finish without a conclusive result means it's pretty much going to put whatever your default thumbnail is correct >> as the winner. >> So, that's why that quote won. >> And because it's a 6% difference between first and second place, it's just like it's not really conclusive. Now, we had a meeting recently where you were kind of talking a little bit about this tool and and the the title tool and such, and Dan has given his thoughts on it, too, and I' I'm kind of somewhere in the middle. Can you share your thoughts after having used this tool and the title tool for a while now? >> Kind of your overarching thought on the use of it, you know, we waited for years for this tool. Was it worth the wait? That sort of thing. Give us everything. >> [sighs and gasps] >> Um, I wanted to give some feedback on the results there first. Do you mind? >> Oh, all right. Let me I'll pull it back up. >> Yeah. So, fine. >> Because what I find interesting here is that there's three thumbnails, but again, for audio listeners, thumbnail one and thumbnail three to me look pretty similar. The colors are a little different, like one's brighter than the other, but it looks like it's using the same two pieces of box art, maybe. and the same text. But thumbnail one has 41% watchtime share and thumbnail three has 16.1% share. My guess is that the sample size here probably wasn't that big because the test also took an entire week as well. Whereas we will probably get results in about two or three hours. >> Y >> which means that you're probably looking at maybe tens of thousands of impressions, a couple of thousand views. That's what it usually needs to get a result. So, I'm not sure if the test has been big enough for sample size because the thing that's always missing from this, and I think this is where I move on to the broader question of how useful I find it, it gives you the watchtime share, but it doesn't give you the actual share of uh or impressions, >> right? >> You would assume that this would be 33.3% for all of these. it would equally share on his thumbnail to everybody. But just looking at some of the results over the last two years that we've had it, I'm I'm not convinced that is the case. >> I don't think it is. >> I almost feel as if it might be 40% for one of them, 33% for another one, and then 27% share, you know, like impression share. >> Maybe that's a conspiracy theory. Um and and maybe over time, even though it's doing a test, it starts to weight itself more to the one that's performing better. >> That's what I think. That's actually what I think. Yeah. >> But I'm sure people anyone at YouTube listening to that is just going to say, "D, this is just somebody who doesn't know how to use the tool and uh they're trying to think of reasons why their thumbnails aren't performing that well." I'm getting more and more to the point where I feel as if thumbnail testing has screwed with my head because now I don't think we can put out a video without either title testing or thumbnail testing. Even though we have never come to a conclusive result about what thumbnails perform best on our channel, like either with a person in the face or using a certain background or a certain emotive text. That may be blame that can be put on us. Maybe we're not disciplined and scientific enough to do these tests properly and we kind of just we're just going to throw these thumbnails at it and see what happens. it maybe blame needs to be put on us. And if we're not doing it right, then imagine the resources and people and patience you you do have to put up against these tools for them to give you really good results and feedback. Like I'm thinking about channels with tens of millions of subscribers, the Mr. beast of the world who can have a full-time thumbnail maker and a full-time title writer who does nothing but test these like for us it's what five 10% of our effort and time and the last point I wanted to make is because the tools there you feel as if you have to use it and I really want to go through a period of time on our content where we actually don't use a tool just to see if we can determine whether or not our gut feeling with the the title and the thumbnail that we feel strongest about we use rather than testing against three. Because again, another thing to think about is in the first 24 to 48 hours, that's when you're getting a high degree of your initial impressions and it feels like you're almost wasting those impressions on testing something that you think's probably not going to work, but you want to test it. >> No, no, that's right. And the other thing is that's actually important because the viewership is different. So quite frankly, you should already kind of know what's going to work for that initial group because it's the people who watch you the most. Maybe thumbnail testing and title testing actually would be more uh interesting and more helpful after it goes out of that group and goes into people who don't know you. Unfortunately, by that point, there's so few impressions that the test takes so darn long that sometimes it's inconclusive. But that's actually when you need it because if you've grown any type of audience or if you have an audience that watches you, you kind of know what they're going to click on already. So, you don't need it as much. But most people don't even think about it like that. they think, well, the only exception really to this is if you have a a a topic that pops off and it gets shown to a whole bunch of people that are new to your channel right off the bat and then it might be somewhat helpful, but by and large, 99% of the time, you really actually need it towards the end, not the beginning, uh, for the exact reasons that you explain. So, it puts us in a pickle. Like, do we use it or don't we? I know you're almost leaning towards not using it anymore, period, or just in certain circumstances. Like are there just certain circumstances where you're like I feel so strong about this that I just don't need it or like what do you what's your conclusion? I feel like I just need a clean slate, Travis, from from his I just I've been using it for two years and I I can't tell you conclusively how it's benefited the channel at all >> because you look at our channel right now >> and every thumbnail is I'm not going to say significantly different to each one, but there are differences which I think means that our branding and our consistency is a little lost. in them. And I I would just I would I'd like the idea of just forcing our channel to look in a in a consistent and similar way for like 20 videos. So like you know when you go to the channel and you see the canvas thumbnails they all look similar to a certain degree rather than now where there's that association through our faces but sometimes we're using a white background with really harsh black text and then another one we'll have a graph in a background and so it just feels as if it loses it consistency even though we have a thumbnail editor like Menow does an amazing job on our thumbnails but we're getting multiple concepts and I I don't think I'm I'm fixed on any of them right now. >> It's very difficult to know what to take away from it. And I think it's different for different people. I think depending on what you're trying to accomplish and kind of what shoot what kind of uh my Zora just went off. Uh what kind of um kind of things you're trying to accomplish, whether it be growing your existing audience or deepening that connection or growing a new audience, which I think most people want. And YouTube doesn't do a good enough job of explaining like what should this be used for because I don't know if they actually know. In other words, they gave us a tool after testing it that came back with some results. But what are the best results for a creator? The best results are for the first 24, 48 hours appealing to people that know the channel or know the subject and then well after that bringing in new people. But they don't really explain that to you. They don't give you a way and a tool to AB test in two different time periods like one first 24 hours, one week later. They just kind of give you this tool and say, "Make it work. There you go. You've asked for it for years. Here it is." And it's not even I don't know that it's measuring the right thing and they've admitted this too because they even tell us that not all watch time is equal. So why is it that they're measuring it against watch time? That's weird. I don't know. It's it's strange. So anywh who that >> I think to play devil's advocate a little bit there. I think we're we're um conversing as power users where we kind of have a strong knowledge of what a thumbnail should be and the analytics behind it. But you have to accept that like 99% of creators just see a tool and oh upload three upload three thumbnails and the highest percentage wins and that's all you need to know. Like I I understand the simplicity that I do go back to that idea of it just works in terms of how easy it is to implement. Uh and I was just looking at our analytics here because I wanted to see if our channelwide clickthrough rate had moved at all since we got it. So in 2023, this time in 2023, which I think was just before we got OB thumbnail testing, it hovered around, I would say at the very top 5%, at the very bottom three, three and a half%. And then if I go to now, it's maybe increased by half a percent. So, I don't know. Does that mean that AB thumbnail testing is working? But our impressions are way down compared to where they were two years ago. >> And that's the thing. Impressions are important. >> So, maybe the maybe the thumbnails are working more for our concentrated audience, but not for a new audience, >> perhaps. >> And that's that's where you have to dive into statistics even more. By the way, if you need someone to dive into your statistics, we have a link uh down in the description in the show notes for our one-on-one coaching where an actual human coach will go into your analytics and help you figure out what you need to do to move forward on your YouTube channel. All right, next email. The boost atvidiq.com if you want to send us a message. It's the boost atvidiq.com comes from frequent emailer Frank the Deng. I was listening to the podcast today and had a sun starting important realization. There was no talk of candy, which is true. There's been a couple episodes where there weren't. As an OG listener, it left my sweet tooth aching rather than craving. So, here's a real important question of the day for me. Where do y'all stand on circus peanuts? You know, the orange foam marshmallow peanuts. I think I know exactly what he's talking about. >> I have no clue. >> Google it. Google it. Circus peanut peanuts. Uh, hot take here, but I love them. Especially the soft ones or if I leave them in the bag car for a couple hours in the summer. Just don't microwave them. Trust me on this one. Uh, much like a lot of those types of candies, trash. Not worth your time. Don't do that to yourself. You can use it for for uh shipping things like packing peanuts. AB testing. This is ironic. AB testing still feels like a copout to me. Titles or thumbnails. Spend that extra time putting the love and passion into your existing formula. I think it'll go further in the long run. One good genuine effort is best than better than three halfhearted tickets in the algorithmic lottery. That's a cool little sentence there at the end. It's an interesting way of thinking about it in the sense that now we have this tool. Maybe our focus is being diluted by the fact that we're immediately thinking I've got to come up with at least two or three thumbnails or I've got to come up with at least two or three titles rather than just saying right what's the best title I can come up with here. But there's also the other argument that strategists will say that you should always be coming up with like 10 or 50 titles and then narrowing it down to the to the best one. But yeah, it's an idea I can understand and appreciate and kind of embrace in a moment. >> 99% of the time when I'm creating content, I know the title before I ever shoot the video, which I still think is a good best practice and even better if you have the title and thumbnail already in mind. the podcast is the big exception because a lot of times I don't know exactly where the meat of this video is going to go and it's a long video, >> So, I don't know until after the fact. >> Um, I don't recommend that for regular content. I feel like if you do that, you're trying to stuff the most important part of a video into the last second and sometimes you're failing the video. like maybe you made this incredible video. Uh you don't know how to title it and then no one clicks on it because no one knows that it's an incredible video because your title and thumbnail suck. And that comes back to a quick subject I want to jump into, which is a lot of times we'll see um I'll see comments because I see tons of comments every week doing this for a job is like you see comment YouTube comments and everything all day. And a lot of times you'll see people complain about what's happening to them on YouTube. And I just got to tell you that like YouTube is not the easiest platform to grow on. It's just plain not. And in some instances, it might be one of the hardest. Although it has the most opportunity. Um, but don't confuse that with it being easy. I think some people think that if you do A plus B, C happens. You put in some good work, some titles and thumbnails you think are good, you get views. No, that's not the way it works. Um, I've talked to a bunch of like successful creators who even say there's a little bit of luck in there because sometimes there is. It just depends on like what you're doing. Of course, you got to do all the right things, but sometimes there's a little luck. Like a viral hit is rarely a viral hit on purpose. Rarely. Sometimes it is, but it's rarely. Most of the time it's like, crap, I just had five extra minutes and I wanted to shoot this thing and 300, 700, 800,000 views later, two million views later, things are are different. Um, but what I notice is frequently, and I'm not going to say all the time, I don't like to carpet answer anything, but I blanket statement anything, but I will say that this is routinely true in our comment section here on the podcast or on the main channel. Someone complains about something not working or maybe that our advice isn't good or something like that. When it's ever anything like that, I go to their channel and they've never done any of the things that are the obvious things that you should do. There was one I saw the other day and they were like, you know, YouTube's like holding me back. They're not giving me views. I do all these things. I go to their channel. I couldn't tell you what their channel was about at all. Like, I wouldn't be like, if a gun to my head, I wouldn't know. And I'm not saying that to to be like downplaying anything. I literally was trying to figure it out. And the reason why this is important is because as a viewer, if I go to your channel, what am I watching? If I if I as someone who does this for a living couldn't tell you, a viewer would not only not be able to tell you, they wouldn't care long enough to try to figure it out. They're not trying here to try to figure out puzzles. They're here to be entertained or educated. So, you I think some people just think that when they watch um you know, YouTube advice videos, stuff, oh, I'm already doing that. Nine times out of 10, you're not. I'm just going to be honest, you're not doing these things because if you were, you probably wouldn't be watching those videos because you'd already be doing the things. I don't know. Am I just am I an old cremagin now, Rob? Am I just becoming grumpy like grumpy Dan but Travis? I >> I think I think we probably are to a a certain extent. And I think from the uh viewers point of view, they're probably watching like the sixth or seventh video from us or any other uh YouTube educator and we're kind of saying the same things. And so because we're all saying the same things by osmosis, they think they're doing those things, but they're just hearing the same thing over and over again, never applying it, and think, "Oh, yeah, I'm doing that because I've heard it so many times." The thing I wanted to just um come back to there was the idea of luck. Have you ever played poker? >> Uh I mean, uh flag check more than poker, but I've played games like poker. Yeah. Well, poker is a game that's based on a certain amount of luck. >> But there is something in poker called variance. And what that means is that while there is luck, over time that luck will balance itself out. So if you're a really good player, >> then yeah, you'll have these tournaments where you go out on a second hand because you just got really unlucky, >> right? And there'll be other tournaments where you get really lucky and and win it. But overall, if you're a good player and you understand the fundamentals and you you know how to read other players and so on and so forth, over the long term, you'll make a profit from poker. And I feel as if there is a certain element of that in in YouTube as well. Not as much, but like there is perhaps a an intangible look where you just time that video to come out at exactly the right time with the perfect packaging and all of these stars aligned so that the viewers who watched it first gave really positive feedback to YouTube and then that increase in discovery and so on and so on. And so, yeah, maybe there was a certain element of luck there, but you still had to make that video of a certain standard to to get lucky, if that makes sense. So, yeah, I I might make a video about this at some point in the future where I can figure out how to visualize this or explain it in a more concise manner. But it's it's a YouTube variance. Yeah, there may be that are brilliant and they don't work and enough ones where you spend 10 minutes on it and it gets tons of views, but if you if you can repeatedly do that over and over again, >> you'll get more and more quote unquote >> I love the title like this is why YouTube advice doesn't work for you >> with a capitalized you. >> Yeah, >> I I like that as a title. Um, if we had spoken more about this on this podcast, I'd probably make that the title of this channel of this video, but uh, we have other things we got to get to. Another email from a creator, the boostq.com. I don't know if we're going to get an exact answer for this one. It's a little complicated. This one's from Dustin. I am 90 days new to posting content on YouTube and find a lot of the advice you and other channels similar. Give to be non beneficial to my specific niece, Floriography. Before I go further into this, uh, Rob, >> whenever I see someone say something like this, I think you're not really listening to the advice then because the number one advice is obsess over your viewer. That applies to everybody. >> Second advice is make content people want to see. That applies to everybody. >> And the third advice is research your niche >> deep. >> That applies to everybody. Uh, but let's continue on. A major inconvenience with my niche is the number of words that do not translate over for captions and that simplified amplified for my audience that speaks to Arabic and Hindi. I've been creating a separate video file and SRT file for each language and uploading in an English-sp speakaking video with subtitle file that is pre-transated. Right or wrong, I have no idea if most of my views from my support channel and my subscribers I invited over from social media. More of the information you present will be useful and my channel gets enough data to start up uh for more analytics. until then I have enough information uh to know what is going on. I just curse a lot of this grow on YouTube content as I try my best to confusion. So this is a interesting email because there is like a question here even though it's not really a question and then the actual question they have I think I don't know that I have the answer to as far as like getting their translation stuff. First of all YouTube is doing the new translation thing autodubbing thing which whether or not it's great definitely up for argument should do most of this for you anyway. it should auto translate into other languages anyway. So, you shouldn't have to worry about this. Um, having said that, this is a little bit deeper than what I would be able to help you with. I think uh team YouTube is the probably the best place to get an answer for for that. Uh, but you know, the first part which we already talked about, which is like it's not beneficial to your niche. H again, the stuff we're really teaching is beneficial to every niche. But the this last part is actually really important. most of the information you present will be useful when my channel gets enough data to start opening up more analytics. This is true. We actually have this as a problem for some of the aspects of the um Vid IQ plugin. We're trying to be better about it using AI to give you more kind of uh results that aren't necessarily specific to the data you don't have because you don't have it. But when you have more data, you can make some better decisions. So I understand the the thing there and that's one thing we don't really talk enough about maybe on the channel even Rob is when you don't have a lot of the data that we talk about how do you how do you make some of these decisions even >> so uh I was having a look just in the background to find out what fllorography is >> yeah what is that even >> and so its definition is a practice of communicating messages through the use of flowers and their symbolic meanings That sounds like a pretty uh tight niche. >> So, when I did when I did a search >> on YouTube, >> here are the videos at the top of the search rankings. 10,000 subscribers, 46,000 views. >> 70,000, 21,000 views. This is the third result. 98 subscribers, 2 and a half thousand views. And all of those videos are over a year old. So the thing we have to accept and appreciate at the moment is that there is a pretty low ceiling when it comes to audience on YouTube. There there is an audience there. There's an audience for everything on the platform, but it is pretty low. So you I guess in one sense you already have this big handicap of trying to uh reach an audience that isn't particularly that big big. Now it could mean that in your favor you don't have much competition so you could become the dominant florography creator on YouTube which is which are good but yeah I think going back to the question then of what if you don't have the data uh on your channel well I've just done some external research on data there to show like the potential audience it's not that So like h how then do you maybe um think about broadening the what's called the TAM the total addressable market? It could be something along the lines of uh this form of communication is this is a secret form of communication that nobody knows. Well, I'm really struggling with a title to come up with here. You kind of see where I'm going here. There's this form of communication that probably nobody's ever heard of before, but might actually be fascinating. But if you start with your niche as a packaging, fllorography, then I'm afraid it's only going to reach that audience. We we we we think about this elsewhere, don't we? where we think about topics that have a certain internal audience. But if you just make it interesting and appealing to a broader audience, then you can really tap into the idea of almost like learning something by accident. Just by the the strength and the quality of the content, I learned something brand new even though I wasn't interested in it this time yesterday. And there's many occasions on YouTube where I've gone into those rabbit holes just thanks to really good content on the subject. >> What was that creator that used to come through chat that had a drywall channel? >> Pete Peek Drywall. Yeah. >> Yeah. Over 100,000 subscribers talking about drywall. >> I seem to remember every live stream I say. I don't know how you do it, Paul. 100,000 subscribers. You have the most boring channel on YouTube. [laughter] >> But but you can put a silver play button on that wall now. >> Exactly. And that really says everything you need to know. final email. This [snorts] one uh so the subject was uh you won't believe these numbers and that's important because of what is said first on this email. >> Mhm. >> Which is this. Now that you've bitten on the title, it's time to confirm the click by bunkers. I love this cuz the title was you won't believe these numbers. Really great. After some recent discussions on previous podcasts about TV becoming the preferred device for viewers, I did some digging in my own analytics and here's what I found. I already knew that 48% of my watchtime hours comes from TV, because that is a helpful analytic that you can see in the YouTube Studio phone app. What I didn't know until I took a little deep dive into the end the end of the swimming pool is that only 25% of my viewers consume my long form content via TV. 47% of viewers are still on mobile, which is now concerning me because I've been making longer videos targeted at that audience. Mobile has my worst average view duration out of any device, about 3 minutes, while TV is almost 10 minutes, which by the way should not be surprising. Yeah, >> this question is like a Cadbury top deck. It has two elements that need to be consumed together. Do you think I should mix up the length of my videos and try to focus on my mobile users or shall I focus on how to get more clicks on TV? As it shows, once they click, they enjoy the video more. The AI coach from Vid IQ has been great, but I figured this is a question for the experts. >> Yeah, the experts. Yeah. >> I'm trying to get my head around all of those numbers without, you know, seeing the graph in YouTube. >> Yeah. So like they say that 48% of the watch time comes from TV, but then they immediately say that only 25% of their viewers watch long form via TV, which is a weird number. 47% are still viewers. So how does it how does 48% come from TV, but only 25 watch via TV? >> Because I think they said that the >> they're long for so I guess a lot of their shorts maybe are are via TV. >> No, I thought it was because the watch time is 10 minutes on TV when it's >> You're right. >> Only 3 minutes. >> You're right. the watch time watch time from a TV view. >> Right. Exactly. And there's a couple reasons for that. I've explained in previous episodes, but yes. Um, so he's basically saying, "So, should I focus more on mobile or TV?" What do you think when you just hear this? Like, I I have my own thoughts, but I'm interested what you think. >> I think what YouTube would love you to do is focus on TV just because they love to brag about being the biggest streaming platform on TV now above Netflix and Disney uh and all the rest. So, I think there's probably a push there. for TV content. How do you focus on that? It's I think there's two elements to this. It's obviously increasing the production quality if you can because if people are probably watching on a 4K television, are you able to create content in that format? But also this idea of the what's called the lean back experience where somebody is watching TV, but they're also multitasking. So, they might be watching your YouTube channel, but they're also scrolling through their um Reddit on their phone. And that means that you can kind of create uh more casual content where the viewer doesn't have to be um really attentively watching the the uh the television. They kind of they might just be listening to you rather than watching you. which means then that the narrative uh and your uh presenting and voice over becomes quite important as well. Those are the two things that immediately come to mind. Travis, love to know what you think. >> Yeah, I I think you're right. Um TV is growing and it's something you should be aware of depending on your niche. It's not growing in every niche, by the way. It's not like universal. I think that there's just a lot more content that's easier to watch on TV, but plus it's much easier to watch YouTube and TV than it ever has been. So, that actually doesn't hurt either. I think you just make good content. I think ultimately YouTube's going to find >> Yeah, right. YouTube's going to find the place to put it. They spend hundreds of millions of dollars every year getting their AI to understand what people like. So, leverage that. Just make some good content. And, you know, if you're a much bigger channel, I might give you slightly different advice. I'm going to tell you not to worry about it. >> My suggestion might be uh make even longer content. >> Yeah, you can do that as This might be an experiment like so let's say your average video is 10 minutes why not try a 25 minute video. >> And for your own sanity you don't spend twice as long on on it. So like you maybe make the edit simpler or you just leave in more of the conversational stuff of things that you would usually trim out >> purely as an experiment. it might not work, but if you're finding uh better, more valuable results coming from TV, then that usually does give you a permission to try longer even longer form content. >> The longer you become a content creator, the better your instincts are. So, I just want to remind you that if you if you feel like, oh, I think this new direction might work on my channel, an experiment is not one video. You got to do several because one is probably going to drop is probably not going to do well initially. It doesn't mean it won't ever do well, but you can't just do it on one video and say, "Okay, well that's it didn't work, so I'm not going to do it anymore." Cuz it's probably not going to work, at least initially. You need to have several videos anywhere between three to five and if you're really brave, 10. Especially if you're going to do a pivot, but three to five if you're if you really want to know if a new format's going to work. And then you kind of wait a little while and see what happens. that will give you the definition of whether or not it's going to work for you. Uh you're not going to break your channel. Generally speaking, as long as you've thought about you thought about it, it makes sense for partially at least your existing audience and then to also take your your hopefully new audience and bring them in as well. Audience, audience, audience. >> What are they intending to get from you? >> Is long form dying on YouTube? Uh not really, but it definitely something's going on. Hey, welcome to the only podcast that's here to bust those myths when you see them come up. I'm Travis as always and I'm here with Dan. How it goes, Dan. >> Good. How are you? >> It goes. I see you have your cat there. People are watching on the YouTube channel. Love whenever your cat comes on because uh I I see it in the comments like cat time and people say things. >> Yeah. Uh she just knocked over a whole bunch of stuff on my desk and isome chewing on things and it's great. This is great. >> Seems like she always knows exactly when you're going to go in front of the camera. It's weird. Like it No, it's very odd. [laughter] If if you're watching YouTube, you can see she's literally like in his chest like, "Listen, I need you to pay attention to me. Pay attention to me. Cat time." All right. Anyway, welcome to the podcast. We're here to help you grow your YouTube channel hopefully. Anyway, and answer some of your questions later on. We'll be answering questions that have been sent into us through our email and text messages, which we'll tell you how to do that a little bit later on. And um also talk about some things. And the number one thing I want to talk about today is what we're seeing a lot of people talk about this. Uh I've seen it talked about by a couple people. I know you have as well. And I'm just going to say the clickbay version of it, which is the death of long form on YouTube. Is it dying? Is it dead? Is it gone? Is is it dead and gone? And if if you're not sure what I'm talking about, there's been a couple people that have noticed um that on the home YouTube homepage, which is where like 70% of all views come from, seeing a lot more push towards uh short content um especially shorts content and um stuff like that rather than the long form content that YouTube has always been known for. And that's can be kind of scary for long form content creators. And in talking to some content creators and even in looking at the main YouTube YouTube main Vid IQ channel, we're seeing that our uh YouTube shorts are kind of growing and and getting a lot more views than our long form content. And um you know, there's a lot of people saying that this is a YouTube thing and that they are um actually uh pushing this. What has been your experience? What type of things have you seen people talk about? I I feel like I could take the entire time we have up on this because there's I've talked to so many people. I've seen so many things and I'm just utterly confused. So on the one hand, I talked to people who feel like what you said like long form videos seems to be dep prioritized. We are seeing it on the main channel for Vid IQ, but for my personal channel way outside of our Vid IQ niche, my long form videos are doing better than ever and my shorts aren't they're fine. Like they're not doing anything. But then again, I'm I'm right now I'm prioritizing long form. It just it goes to show that like there's a lot of nuance in whatever is happening. And I think as always, YouTube is doing its YouTube thing. So, this would be a good preference for this entire conversation. YouTube's always going to be testing stuff. And one thing to really make clear here is what one person's home feed looks like doesn't necessarily mean it's what everybody's home feed looks like. So, I guess that's a good way to start this off. But one of the things that I've been talking to my friends about uh cuz we all kind of live stream and stuff is like how are your live streamers doing? Because uh one of the clips I saw was someone talking about how live streams were being prioritized in their home feed and it was like live stream live stream live stream and they were kind of confused by this like I I don't watch that many live streams. Why am I seeing all these live streams? And it made me feel like maybe live streams since they're relevant and they're right now and YouTube loves relevance maybe they are just being pushed to people more often. and my friends and myself are seeing jumps in views on our streams concurrently. Then again, we're also in a niche where some stuff has happened and there's more reason to watch us right now. Like our topic is starting to like gain more traction at the moment. And so I'm kind of in this echo chamber with my friends who are all kind of doing the same thing and it's doing well and we're like is this a YouTube thing or is this just the way things are right now? So, it's just it's all very interesting and uh my experience varies a lot, which is why I'm I enjoy talking about this because maybe maybe this conversation will help me put some things into perspective. Um if not, I at least hope that the chaotic stuff that's happening on all my home feeds explains maybe what's happening on other people's home feeds out there. >> Yeah. And I think it's important to acknowledge a couple things that just because one person sees something doesn't mean that everyone's going to see the exact same thing, especially when it comes to YouTube. Can you talk about what Linus Tech Tips us all, which by the way is one of the larger tech YouTube channels on YouTube, and they've had a lot of things to say when it comes to uh the way things have worked, but what is what do they've recently said about like their home feed? >> Yeah. Uh I don't know, maybe we could pull this up. It's from their podcast. There was a clip. There's a few clips about it. And one of them I watched uh Lionus pulls up his homepage and it was for him and he's like complaining about this. He's like, "This is a live stream. This is live stream. And this is an ad." And then that's the only three things at the very top row. It just had enough space for three thumbnails. Then you had to scroll down a little bit to see the short shelf. And then I think the next thing he saw was the playables shelf or it was a VOD and then the playable shelf. But he was basically saying like, "Look how far I had to scroll to finally see a normal YouTube video. Just a VOD." Yeah. And then they got really confused because they saw a video from the Outdoor Boys guy, but it was it was his old channel and they spent most of their time talking about that and being confused about it, which is pretty funny. Um, but in any case, uh, I thought this was interesting given that my live stream numbers have been up, my friends live stream numbers have been up and something else has been happening, uh, just around my niche. I'm finding streamers that seem to be botting or in their the way they defend it, they're like, "No, I'm not botting. YouTube is taking people who are falling asleep while I stream and pushing them to my live stream." >> Oh, interesting. And and so it's this weird thing where you kind of have to take them at their word, but if you watch their streams, their numbers go up like unnaturally, like 50 to 100 viewers every like few minutes and the chat is dead. Like they'll have their normal audience there, maybe 20 people participating in chat and their numbers are going up, going up, going up. >> Could it be that thing where they now um simultaneously put it uh in in the shorts kind of live stream thing at the same time? >> Would that be it? If they did that, I think the numbers wouldn't reflect on only that long form I'm watching. >> Yeah. See, that's what I don't know. When when you're you're streaming to both, when you look at the live stream numbers, is that aggregate of both or is it just the one stream? That I don't know. >> I don't I think when I did this before they introduced that feature of dual streaming at the same time, it was two different sets of numbers that I had access to. But maybe it's changed. um when they were asked about it um on social media they said no what's happening is they they are convinced what it is is YouTube's recommendation system is basically pushing people towards live streams and upon testing this lightly myself what happened was I watched a video I let the video end and I let YouTube autoplay take over and it pushed me to a live stream so that could be happening the person the the person the people I'm talking about there's multiple people stream at night and at least in like America and it would make sense that their stream is just going and going and the number keeps growing because people were watching a video and they let YouTube autoplay just do its thing. They're watching on TV. TV loves to prioritize live streams and they just leave it on. They're not participating in chat because you can't really participate in chat on a television. So that when when Lionus is showing me that his top of his feed is live streams, it just kind of starts to make me conspiratorial in my head. I'm like, is this why some of the people I'm following are getting their numbers snowballing like this in this really weird unnatural way? Because indeed, YouTube is prioritizing live streams both on the home feed and in recommended. And I know this wasn't really about live streams. We're talking about long form videos. >> Well, [laughter] I mean, it's one thing. Yeah. Anything that's not long form. Sure. >> Yeah. This is just one piece of like I don't know if [snorts] I can even call it evidence. one piece of curiosity for me that is making me wonder what is shifting because this definitely wasn't happening a few months ago but now like my numbers have increased not in this weird unnatural way but they've increased for sure my friends numbers have increased I did have one stream where my numbers went up unnaturally and I know I wasn't botting they didn't go up to the degree of some of the other people I'm talking about but they were still like going up and no one was extra was chatting like what is happening right now >> yeah I mean it's >> with all the different plat all the different ways that YouTube tries to do content. It's so difficult because the reality is could there be something conspiracy related going on maybe, but a lot of times there's something that else that actually um is the answer. And what YouTube will typically say in a situation like this is that um you know they always follow the audience and it's just the audience is changing. And that's totally possible. It's totally possible people are really just into live streams now on YouTube and a little bit of extra promotion on YouTube's side ends up being a lot more because YouTube will promote the videos that people want to watch. So, you know, I I don't think what we're saying is if you just sit there and let YouTube autoplay that you're randomly going to get some live stream from a YouTuber you've never watched before. I don't think that's about a subject you probably don't care about. I don't think that's what we're saying. Um, matter of fact, I'd be it would be almost not impossible. It's unlikely that's happening. What's probably happening is is that next video or that next live stream is from someone that you either really like to watch or about content you like just like any other form of of video that you would be uh recommended. It's cool that live streaming could be a thing. And weirdly, like um you know, I was just pitched a live streamer for an upcoming uh podcast channel and we actually do have an email someone talking about shorts versus longs on their channel. So, we'll get to that later. Um but something is happening for sure. Like the one thing that's undeniable, something's happening. Whether it be the audience and it's not some type of algorithmic change or if it is YouTube themselves doing something, something is changing. We're seeing it in a lot of different places and people are just trying to wrap their head around it because it seems like over the last year things have been very unstable um just in general across the platform. It's [clears throat] hard to know how much of it is, you know, a glitch or a problem versus humans doing different things because things are different now, right? That also is a potential answer. We just don't quite know yet. >> It's so Yeah. I mean, YouTube's done a lot of work trying to get people excited about YouTube shorts. That is going to bring in a new bunch of creators who see that as an opportunity, whether they don't feel like they have the skills to make long form videos or were just never interested in making long form videos. We certainly know plain people who are not interested in making shorts. It can definitely go the other way. So, the content on YouTube is going to start to change and as YouTube changes as a platform. So, it makes sense that there's going to be a short shelf on your home feed where there could be long- form videos. You can also tell YouTube directly, I don't want to see as many shorts as you're showing me, which I tested recently on my phone nervous that it was going to take away all of my shorts. And for that first five minutes, it did. I couldn't I I hit I'm not interested cuz what it did I don't know if you've seen this on your phone. You know how the shorts it'll show you two side by side? You scroll and there's two more and there's Okay, so I used to only get one shelf worth of shorts. Then I got two shelves worth of shorts and finally they brought me to three. I had to scroll past three short shelves before I saw a long form video. And that's when I hit the button and said, "You're showing me too many shorts." And so for the first 5 minutes after hitting that, I couldn't find any. And I'm like, "Wait, I I watched some of these." >> Right. Right. >> And so I had to refresh a few times and they came back. And now, and I don't know if this will start to tip back the other way, but for now, it shows me one short shelf and then I can scroll through some long form before seeing another. >> And that's me just trying to teach YouTube that I watch some shorts creators. It's cool to show me their videos when they pop up, but I also watch long form people and I want to see them, too. And it's going to continue being weird and confusing. And the only thing we really have to go on is like the data that YouTube presents us. And luckily our channel like the main Vid IQ channel and we have the podcast channel now like we get a lot of interesting data points and from our own data our shorts are doing very very well and our long form videos not as much as they used to. That could be for a number of reasons but and I don't want to I'm about to jump topics here. Um, I think a lot of it has to do with just regular user demand and things shifting whereby we teach people a lot of things about YouTube and those things are searchable and we started before shorts doing searchable content and now we're continuing to do that, but shorts are dominating search. So for Vid IQ, it makes sense that our shorts would do very very well and our long form wouldn't do as well because we're just answering questions really fast with shorts and people like quick answers. >> Yep. for an entertainment channel, they might try shorts and people are like, I don't get it, you know, but the long form videos do really well. It's it's just so different depending on who you're talking to. >> Yeah. And the type of content and where also you watch. So, I just took a real quick look at my phone because I already know on my computer, which I watch a lot of content on in my in my TV, I watch a lot of content on I actually don't watch a lot of content on my phone. I wanted to see what it would think uh about me because in the on my computer, it's mainly um long form content. on my on my TV. It mostly is, although now you do see shorts there, but I never watch shorts on my TV. Um, so I'm looking at my home feed on my phone and it's mostly long form. Um, at least I should say the first three videos are long form and then there's a little bit of a short section and then it goes back to long form. I think it knows because I just mainly watch short long form. I don't watch short form hardly at all. So it does give me an opportunity to watch some because every once in a while I watch one, but for the most part it knows across any device what I'm watching. I'd be interested what does your computer versus your phone look like? Is your phone more short um heavy than your computer? Cuz it should know device by device like which which you're watching from? >> That's a good question. Let me log into the same channel on both, >> And then go to YouTube home on my computer. And so right now on my phone >> I have a long form video and then there's a short shelf with only two shorts. Then it goes to a long form video, a long form video, a long form video. Two shorts. >> Okay. long for video, long for video, long for video, two shorts, and then I have a watch again. I can sides scroll and start to get now it's testing a news thing with me. So, as I scroll down, starting to test more weird stuff >> on my computer on the same exact account. I have four >> long form videos. I'm not zoomed in. So, four across, >> then an entire short shelf, then four across, then an entire short shelf of four. So, it's now >> similar. >> Now I'm seeing a whole page of only long form. So, >> um, it it is interesting. It is prioritizing long form for me on both devices, I would say. >> Um, but yes, I have always felt like by device it is going to be a little different because before I hit this button on my phone, it was like, "Show me less shorts." >> My phone was showing me way more way more short and I wasn't even clicking on it as much as I used to because I'm trying not to watch as many shorts because they're hurting my brain. It's >> fair. Um, so I think what over time as people determine what the type of content they want is that's what you'll see change in um in in things like the recommendation engine. So just understand as a YouTube creator, you go, "Okay, I got all that. What does that mean for me?" Well, number one, you got to know your niche. Um, in your niche, are the most popular YouTubers in your niche short time short form creators or long form? There's going to be some niches where there's almost no short form creators in that niche because you want to actually have more time with the subject, whatever it is, right? And then there'll be the exact opposite where there'll be some niches where there's almost no long form and lots of short form. And then there'll be niches where it's a good mix of both. So, you should understand your niche and be the expert there. One thing I've always said, I'll say it again, no matter how many people I've ever coached in, you know, on YouTube, I've always told them, you are the subject matter expert in your niche. You know more about it than I do. I just understand humans and we can put those two things together and win, right? So, you know what your viewers are looking for, at least people that like the same things you do. You should know that. If you don't, that's the first thing you need to learn. What are they looking for? Right? And because of that, you should also know what type of content works for your niche. So, if you're saying, "Well, should I try live streams?" The answer I'm always going to give you is, "Do live streams work in your niche? Is that something people want to watch a live stream of?" Sometimes the answer is yes. Sometimes the answer is no. And that's your answer. It doesn't have to even come from a quote expert. It's kind of common sense as long as you understand what's going on. Niche. So, I guess to answer the question, is long form dying on YouTube? Not really, but it's definitely something's going on like [laughter] it. >> Yeah. You know, I think it's changing. I think the VidQu channel is just an interesting example. >> Like speaking about your niche, I I think we know pretty well why people would choose to watch our shorts over our long form. Mhm. >> Again, if we're making really highly searchable videos, and we don't always, sometimes we make stuff for browse, for end viewers, uh that aren't searching for anything in particular, but sometimes we make stuff and it hits in shorts really well because it just gets to the answer so fast. And I'm like this too, I will look up questions all the time. And I if if I see a short that just on the surface looks like it's going to do a good job, I will tap on that before I'll sit through like a six minute tutorial or something. And also like a lot of times depending on especially in like the kind of software space if I'm looking for some answer to some technical question about Windows or something I can't even tell you how many long form videos have burned me in the past because it's it's just loud music with like copyright music with uh text on the screen or they'll open up a notepad because they just do not want to talk in a microphone and they're trying to explain a problem in in way too much time. And then right next to that will be a short with someone who's talking and it'll be 30 seconds and they're like, "Okay, if you want to turn off co-pilot on Microsoft, just click here, here, here, here, here." I'm like, "Thank you. That's all I wanted." That's just how things are right now. And I think people people overall value their time. And that that is kind of what we as YouTubers need to kind of respect is hey like you're competing against people who are some someone out there is going to help people get to their answer faster in less time and that's your real competition. >> I want to share something that uh us as a company are doing because you know you again you listen to everything we say okay well that's great like how do I figure out what I should make next? Well it turns out uh Vid IQ as a company has come out with something new uh the Vid IQ feed. We've done a video about on the main chump, but I want to real quick show what it looks like. So, if you want to check this out, you actually can try for free. There's a link in the description below or in the show notes if you listen to the audio podcast. If you're listening to the audio podcast, this part is going to be a little bit more difficult because I want to show a screen, but uh you know, go over to YouTube, check it out. So, this is the new feed option. This is for the VidCue podcast. You can see how many subscribers you have, how many views you have, and then what's cool is it gives you like these actionable things. I think a lot of tools what they do is they waste a lot of time by just telling you things, but then you don't know what to do about it. So, like the first thing you can see here is a thumbnail on an old podcast we have and then an enhanced thumbnail that's automatically been created and I can actually apply that thumbnail to that that video which is really cool. Some title suggestions on some previous um uh some previous videos just and you can just click click apply title like if you like this new title um like the how to succeed on YouTube or this one decision changed my game YouTube game that sounds great. I can hit apply title it'll put it on the um on the YouTube video and you're good to go. This one's great. New traffic from five related videos. I love this because this one, for example, this video says, "If your video dies under 500 views, this is the problem. This sounds like something we should do content on." Like, I love this, right? So, I can go click this and watch this video and I can see that it's like a video that people are watching and then coming to the Vid IQ podcast channel and also watching. That's actually super critical. If you understand what people are watching before your video, then you know what else they're interested in. You can make videos just like that. And then we have this really cool thing called niche outliers which looks in your niche and tries to find outliers of videos that are performing really well in your niche that maybe you should consider making videos on. And we look at this like there's one that says YouTube kill my my income. Here's my plan moving forward. It has this thumbnail says demonetized. So that's maybe a subject that we should look at and talk about. So this is a really cool tool and this trending keyword tells you what a random t keyword in your niche that's working well that you can try today. You should just go do it. It's uh free. you go up to vidiq.com and uh sign up for a new account and if you have if you already have the account just go to vidq.com sign in and it's on your homepage the the homepage of that and it's really cool gives you some really cool things that you can do I wanted to make sure you guys check that out wanted to make sure mention that cool stuff that we're working on here >> all right >> so now we have some emails and um I think some of these might even touch on some of the things we've already talked about but I like that we didn't nec now Dan didn't know any of that So I don't think that we did I did this just to you know tea up a great thing but this is what happened. So if you want to email us you can send an email to the boost atvidiq.com and the very first one comes from Geio Sassy longtime lurker but never emailed. I make earth science educational videos and I monetize at about 9,000 subs. My main goal is just education and making enough to cover expenses. No intention of giving up the day job. Content is either outdoor walks and info or video essays under 15 minutes. My long form audience is very narrow and is normally 98% men over 45 in the US and UK. Short form is 80% male and fit and split fairly equal across all ages. So I know that I can find how I know others can find me. I really appreciate these lovely lads but would love to broaden my audience to maybe include um students, crystal girlies and younger adults that are generally interested in nature etc. who may like this field but don't realize it yet. I'm a 20-something woman myself and so these are literally my people. I'm really struggling to hit these audiences despite rebranding my thumbnails etc. I've spoken to other creators up to 300k subs in my niche and adjacent niches and we all have similar audience analytics. Is it a lost cause because we all seem to have the same issue or is there something I could do to hook a young audience because I exist. Any tips are welcome. Gio Sassy, that's amazing email. And I feel like sometimes this is this is a question that um in my opinion, and Dan might have a different opinion, which is why I like to have other people here. Sometimes the answer is exactly what you think it is, which is the largest audience for your type of niche is exactly what you're getting. and the niche that you're wanting to get is so the the the audience you want to get for your niche is so small that it's going to be hard for you to to make that number go up because kids your age, people your age aren't as interested in that thing. Um, period. I mean, you can even see like in in in your thing you said mostly are men over 45 and even men younger. Uh, you said in shorts a little bit, but that has more to do with the format than anything. It's easy to digest and move on. uh if you if you want to get long form stuff, it's going to be difficult for you to get um some of the the female audience that are younger or even the male audience that are younger because they're out there doing uh 67 things, they're doing 67s, they don't really care about uh things like like that you're talking about. There are some people out there and you are probably already reaching them. You just may not realize it, but that number is substantially smaller than people that are already established either in their careers or in their uh their life journeys and they want to know about this stuff. I mean, when I was 20, I didn't care about any of this stuff. I wouldn't have cared. I mean, like, what's the newest video game thing that I need to know about? Like, I'm not. But now I'm I'm open to it, right? Because I'm an older guy now. So, um, Dan, what are your thoughts on this? It's It's really It's This is We get this question sometimes. It's really a difficult one to answer because I I know that like some of the things we talk about are, hey, you should be making content. You should have an idea in your head about like who is your target audience, right? and you should give that person a persona and a name just just for you, just for your notes so that you can like always be talking directly to that specific person. So, it does kind of come down to like if you're trying to get like a younger audience, what do they value? I guess I go back to um there's a journalist named Dave Jorgensson and Dave Jorgensson worked for the Washington Post and he was like the person behind their Tik Tok strategy. So when COVID lockdowns hit and everything, he really wanted to say he said like, "I really want to like go on TikTok and like try and present the news in like a fun, younger, cooler, hipper way." And he kind of had to twist some arms to get them to like try it. And eventually he became really wellknown for doing that. Like he it was very successful, so successful to the point where he left the Washington Post and he's now completely independent doing what he always did but now on his own channel. And he claims he's been successful in his mission to reach a younger audience. If you look at his videos and the way he presents the news, you can see why it would appeal to a younger audience. It's not like a cable news dude sitting behind a desk, very dry and boring. He plays characters and he just he tells the story in a way where the characters just banter with each other. It's always just him talking to himself and he wears different outfits and puts his hair up differently or whatever to like get the character vibe right. And he just tells the news in more of a fun way. he adds his jokes and sense of humor and that was like his strategy for you know gaining that younger viewership and he claims it worked. So I I don't know how that relates to like a more science like curious audience. I'm not someone who watches that content a lot. Part of the issue is that like, you know, there there's so many trending topics right now that are not very positive. And from what this email describes, I feel like their content is probably more leaning towards like the positive. It's just always a harder sell, especially this day and age. Everything's so extreme. >> Um, >> but I guess it's just like you said earlier, you kind of know your niche better than we would. Um it it is kind of trying to identify like how are other channels who who might be catering to a younger audience like going out of their way to speak that language I guess. >> Yeah. And the other thing to to think about is so one thing that you said at the beginning which is like I'm only trying to cover expenses. I'm not trying to become rich and famous all that stuff. So that can free you in a way from chasing big numbers because you'd be chasing an audience that's underdeveloped and probably while maybe underserved also may not be as big as the other audience. Which means as long as you're okay with that, potentially isolating the audience that you currently have that do enjoy your stuff by speaking to a younger audience which may not connect with your current older audience and potentially making them leave and you're okay with that because you're desperate to like talk to this other age group, then great, go for it. But I do want to warn you that's very likely what you will do. If you're really genuinely trying to talk to 20 year olds, you're not talking to 40 and 50 year olds anymore. And that's what your current audience is. So, just understand that it's going to be it's not impossible to talk about at the same time, but it's literally like juggling. And 99% of the creators out there can't do it. Maybe even myself included, which is fine. It's not a bad thing. It's just a thing. >> But I wouldn't be I wouldn't be afraid to test it though either. >> Yeah. Yeah. Like just see what happens when you try some different formats because even if you want to go back to what you were doing because what you try doesn't work, YouTube isn't going to There's like this fear of like trying things on YouTube. I think a lot of creators get scared of like, oh, my channel's doing well, but I don't want to like hurt it. Try it. Like, try things. Yeah. You know, >> I I again, I don't want to I'm not trying to discourage anything, but I'm I'm one of those people that likes to give you as much information as possible so you can make your own decision because ultimately that's it. Like, you have to live with the decision you make, but I do want to put the caveats out there, say just know that these things are possible and these things are likely to happen. And >> this is what you're doing when you change your format. You know, you might see a dip, but you might get the audience that you want. And whatever that means for you is is basically the direction you have to take. I don't think that I think what what Dan said is perfectly correct. Like experiment, try different things. But it sounds like you also have kind of tried. Um and the thing is if it's not changing much, it means there's probably not as much of an audience for it. It doesn't mean there's no audience. Just means it's going to be harder to find. There are a billion people out there that like science and 100,000 that like science at the age group you're targeting. I mean that means there's 100,000 people. That's great. That's 100,000 people. But you're not going to get 100,000 people. You're going to get a percentage of that, whatever that is, because they're not all going to see you. So, it's really up to you what you're what makes you happy, which brings you joy. And if you're only trying to cover expenses, you probably can shift your content to to more gravitate toward that audience, but you will almost assuredly almost assuredly be isolating the other audience. Unless, of course, you do two different series. One that is specifically aimed at that age group and then another that's it's kind of the content you're already doing. You could try that. Do that in playlist. Remember official playlist, Dan? Those were cool. Yeah, those were those were cool. Like we're old people now. We're like, remember official remember YouTube stories? Remember >> remember? I mean annotation. Like people don't know what we're talking about. All right, next one. [laughter] This email comes from Lance. And by the way, I think this one is really long if I remember correctly. A lot of these emails I get sometimes are really long and I have to cut out >> bits and pieces. >> Yeah. and I think this might have been one of them. So, I I I kept enough in that I think it makes sense. All right. My channel is 10 years old. It has never come close to 4,000 watch hours uh time requirement. I started an irregular trend with my videos a few years ago. What seemed to boost what seemed like a boost actually might be a burden. I desperately seek Vid IQ's advice. The majority of my channel has reaction videos to trailers for games and movies. Sometimes I will do an editorial review about professional wrestling films and politics. I'm a middle-aged dude that genuinely loves Paw Patrol as much as Resident Evil. So, I do my best to keep my videos safe for all viewers. I occasionally attend an adult entertainment convention in my state. I will briefly interview my favorite stars and post the videos on my channel. Even though they're adult entertainers, the interviews are fairly cleancut. I mark them as age restricted because of YouTube requirements instead of what instead of what is featured on screen. I wonder if this has caused a problem for my channel's health. The mature videos get a lot of clicks and subscriber boost but for a very brief but very brief watch times. One of the interviews is 5 years old but consistently is within the top three spots. If I post a new video about my usual topics then that video might get number one or number two spots for a few days. Then the adult interviews are right back to the lead positions. After 10 years of time, money, effort, and struggle. I feel like the only option is to start completely fresh and hope for the best. Please, please, please advise. Thank you. That's from Lance. And I think this just comes back to something that we talk about very often on this channel, which is audience, audience, audience. Like, who are you making your content for? And when someone comes to your channel and is recommending content for your channel, what are they getting and what are they expecting the next time they come? And I think that there's a huge disconnect with what you just said. You you have a channel that is basically about you and everything you like. So, that channel is for you. Done. If you want a channel for other people, you've got to do things in a consistent manner so they know what they're getting every time they come. If I come and I like to watch your your reviews about like movies, probably not going to watch the adult interview stuff. If I'm into the adult interview stuff, might not care about your thoughts on Paw Patrol. I I really hope that I don't care about the [laughter] Paw Patrol. I really hope that I'm not interested in that. So, I feel like you just have to understand that like when you put out random types of content, you will get random types of performance. That's just the way it always has been and the way it always will be. You're not going to get consistent performance with inconsistent content. If you want to grow a channel, find a niche or or or a brand of different types of topics that make sense within each other and make a channel with that. If you want to be able to do everything, that's okay, but expect views that go up and down and all around and are never consistent because that's what you're doing. You're being inconsistent. What are your thoughts, Dan? It >> it's a really the the intent of the viewer at that time. So, like if you are interviewing an adult entertainer, uh I that that phrase could mean a couple different things, but I I'll just leave it at that. If you're interviewing an adult entertainer, what is the intent of the viewer who's interested in that interview? And if you are then doing a review about a game you like or something, what is the intent of that viewer? Now, you want your channel to snowball. You want to attract a a viewer hive mind that thinks like you at least on one specific topic. And what I said in my gaming video this year was at the very end of it, I said, "Be something to someone." And a channel that I I got to speak to this year for that gaming video, or I guess in 2025 technically, was Austin John Plays. And to me, Austin John Plays is where I go when I specifically want information about one of the few Nintendo games he talks about. Pokemon is like the main one. New Pokemon game comes out, I'm going to watch all of his videos on it because he's going to give me a ton of tips about that game. Now, if Austin John went out and then filmed a bunch of content at a convention that he went to, that might be cool for like his top viewers. He even said for him like he has like 20,000ish people that will always watch no matter what, but he gets hundreds and hundreds of thousands of views when he sticks to the main thing he's known for. To me, he's known as the Pokemon guy. And I like I like the guy. I got to talk to him even off camera about some stuff. He's seems genuinely cool. That doesn't mean like to me I don't think of him in that light as like oh I get to like look at some behind the scenes I get to look at his thoughts on a new movie. You know I don't he's not the person I go to for that content. >> So that is kind of what we're dealing with on YouTube. Now I know that like you might hear that and go well I like all of these things. There's got to be more people out there like me. How do I get all of those people? It's like now you're narrowing the the the pool of people you could possibly reach to just people exactly like you. But you can find a much wider audience if you focus on one viewer. And think don't just think about like that that through line in the sense of like well this this person who happens to be an adult entertainer also likes Paw Patrol. Like >> think about the intent of the viewer watching your content. Like what are they intending to get from you? What's their intent coming on to YouTube that day and watching? And like what YouTube video is going to be recommended to them next, you know, whether it's from your channel or somebody else's. probably going to be more content about that interview they just watched related to like that person you interviewed. It's not going to be, hey, you watched this. How about an interview about the new Spider-Man movie? Or not an interview, sorry, how about a review of the new Spider-Man movie? It's like, no, that that's not that person's in like a different algorithmic track right now. And that's what YouTube loves to do is put you on a track for a while and like set it off. So, that's how I would think about this. I know what I'm saying has some nuance that I'm kind of putting to the side, but that's how I would think about it to try and get my channel's health back up. You've got to kind of pick a focus. Might even be time to start a new channel. If you do decide what that focus is and it's outside of what you're doing right now, it's okay. You don't have to like delete anything. I wouldn't start a new channel with that. Take everything you learned and you'll be surprised how fast it grows. I want to talk about the reality of variety content. The reality of variety content is kind of like what I said earlier. If you put out variety content, you will get variety uh views. Like you're gonna variety of views. They're not all going to be great. Um, and some people will say, well, but I know this one YouTuber who does all types of stuff and he gets all types of views. Well, there's like two two answers to that. Number one, and this is going to be the most common answer to that, which is what you think is successful is probably not what they think is successful. And I keep going back to this one content creator. I remember a while back I was watching one of his videos. He had a series of videos I really enjoyed. He said he doesn't do them anymore because they don't perform well. When I went to look back at them, all of them had 100,000 views. And for me and you, that's like, oh, that's great. That's performing well. But for him, it's not. So that's relative, right? Performance is relative. And just because you think it performs well doesn't mean the creator does. And secondarily, and the times that even those things do perform well, it's because the content creators figured out a way for them to be the niche. And it's more interesting to find out what their take is about the subject more so than the subject. The vast majority of YouTubers are watched because of the subject, not because of them. There's a a small percentage of people that people are watched just for them and their take on something. We should all be so lucky to be that person and we won't be. Um, it's just not going to be the thing. You can be the one of the most talented Pokemon creators on YouTube, but that might be it. People might not watch you for anything else. So, the reality of variety content is it's very difficult to be the niche, to become the niche. And it's actually unlikely that um most people listening to this will be that, including myself. Like, I would love to be the niche, but sometimes I'm not, and that's that's okay. Just be really great at what you're great at. The one common person that gets brought up a lot in this conversation is like Moist Critical, >> Charlie Penguin Zero, whichever name you prefer. >> And it it's every day he posts something and it's always like just the trending story of the day. He has a couple things going for him. One, people who like him like his opinions and takes on things. They they feel that that they relate to him, you know, and that was built slowly over time. But two, he focuses on the most trending thing possible and gets his videos out fast. It helps that he can do this full-time. He is not somebody you want to look at as like, okay, that's goals. Like, that's who I'm going to be, and then I'm just going to do exactly what he does until it works. when he started YouTube, he was gaming. And I didn't watch him back then, so I don't know his actual trajectory, but I should probably learn. My assume, my assumption there uh was that he started with games and he dabbled in like giving his take on things and it kind of started to become like a thing where he's like, I can give my take on things and people watch it more than my gaming videos. When he streams, he'll stream games or he'll just look at the news and just chat with his chat about it. And now he has these like two buckets that he gets to live in. But I'll tell you what, people talk about how he's like the guy, like he can do anything he wants. Well, he has other channels where he does do other things. If you look at his Let's Play channel that he recently started back up, the views on those videos compared to the views on his normal videos are so small by comparison. He's he's doing it for fun. He's doing it for him. He can't do anything. The reason he made a separate channel for it is because he knows his main channel is now him giving his take on something, a TV show, a trending story. It would be weird of him to do a let's play of a game that he likes on his main channel. So, he made a separate space for even he knows he can't quote do anything. He even he has that niche that he's carved out for himself where he's the star of it. I agree. And um again, very difficult to do. Not everyone can do it. Uh not to say that no one listening to this can't do it. You can always try. Give it a shot. But just understand it's very difficult. And if you don't succeed in the way you want to succeed, that's normal. That's not doesn't mean you're terrible. just means it's ex exceedingly hard to do that. Next email. This one comes from Toby. Hey Travis, when I comment on a video, should I sign it with my name or at my channel name or just leave it blank? Are there implications in the tone of the language? I.e. a desire to collaborate versus I just think it's cool to this is cool content. I think what Toby's talking about is just leaving a comment on a video and being like, hey, you know, this is Toby from, you know, Toby's R Us. I just made that up. It's not Toby's RS. Um, you know, and I think it's just once you put your name there, you don't have to put your name again. You don't have to at yourself. You're already you're already there. And if there's adding the maybe they're talking about adding the creator, you don't even have to do that either. Like just leave the comment. I feel like just be cool in the comment section. And it'd be amazed you'd be amazed at how well sometimes I can work out for you. I've gotten large uh content creators to collab with me based because they've seen me in their content or in their content uh comment section. Um, and just be cool, man. Just be cool. the that's all >> we did a video I wish I remember the names of our videos just don't match sometimes like in in my brain how I remember them >> uh if you watch it it makes sense why we called it that but like we talked to a creator >> who uh did a collaboration with Curtis Connor now Curtis Connor is like a comedy channel he's very famous tours you know all this stuff and the creator that uh did the collab with him had like I think at the time like 6,000 subscribers or something and what he does is he animates people's stories using Lego and he does a very good job. Like it's it's uh very professionally done. And so he invites Curtis to do a collab. And his advice for getting this collab was basically like, you know, I I wanted to make it as easy as possible for him. And so it's like, just come on and tell a story. I'll do the rest. And he showed Curtis's previous work. And Curtis was interested, so he jumped on. And Curtis just told a story. And then later it was animated using the Lego uh figures and all that stuff. And it was very fun to watch and it it that particular video did very very well for him. And like my question was like how did you land such a big guest like you know the size of your channels just don't you know most people would look at that and go how what you must be friends already. He's like no like and what it boiled down to was he just had something to offer that person that couldn't really be replicated by anybody. It's like I have this particular skill and I like you and I think you know doing this for you would be fun. Do you want to come do this? It would be fun. And it's such an easy pitch, you know, he he gets to just talk about something that's already in his brain. He doesn't have to take notes or, you know, anything like that. And you know, this person made this awesome video, like everybody wins. And I think that's like a fun natural way to do a collab. And it's good to be in people's comments and like be familiar with them and everything. But if you're just going to comments hoping that they will collab with you, I want you to be thinking about what what is it that they get out of it. And it doesn't have to be views. It needs to be like what is this unique experience that collabing with you will bring them which is a very hard question to answer but that is kind of the bottom line you know. Yep. And final email for today remember you can email us at the boost atvidq.com comes from Mia. Hey Travis and the gang. I love watching listening to you guys because I learn so much while I laugh. Oh well that's great. I hope you laugh for the right reasons. All right. [laughter] I have a relatively new channel that started in September of 24. I followed the trend of creating uh long form weekly and then uploading shorts to pull in subscribers every other day. Then I hit a problem. I noticed that the earlier long form began to get views. However, all of a sudden I was getting thousands of views on my shorts and then at like 50 to 100 on my long form. I was thinking no one liked my videos. So I experimented by stopping posting shorts. Then my long forms began to grow slowly and get views again. A long- form video I posted four weeks ago now has 3200 views and is still growing. 41 subs also. Wow, I was so blown away. So, I have come to the conclusion that shorts on a new channel messes it up in my opinion. Now, I'm getting a steady stream of subs who are not unsubing. I I've created a shortssonly channel to cater to my shorts only audience because I hear other creators are split on how shorts negatively impact your small channel if you're aiming to drive long form. What are your thoughts on this for small channels and what are the deals pushing shorts instead of long form? We kind of talked a little bit about this earlier, but I do want to say that when shorts first came out, this was the the common um advice. Start a new channel for shorts. And we were hardcore on that. We were we were telling people even that. And I've softened a little bit over on it over the last year because YouTube's done a better job of that. However, with the things we talked about at the beginning of this podcast, I'm starting to also now see that maybe going back to that is is the right move. Um because uh YouTube even though they should be looking at viewers separately like you know you like Travis's short form versus long form let me get to the right people doesn't always seem that to to come out that way. So for what this creator is saying for smaller channels is it even more critical Dan to to separate these two or what do you think >> it's so like difficult like so I I don't know if channel size really ever matters in conversations like this so I'm putting it aside for a second. my experience is going to be a little different than yours because I'm I'm talking about channels that have either millions or tens of thousands of subscribers. On Vid IQ, we we mentioned earlier that our shorts are doing better than our long form. But in order for me to definitively say therefore shorts bad if we want long form to do well, um I have to be able to look on the channel and see that all of our long form videos are underperforming. However, I just posted my big gaming video that I do every year and it is performing just fine. It's doing what I was expecting it to do. Absolutely. The numbers are great. They are growing. It is snowballing. It is falling into search. Exactly what I want to have happen with it is happening. And we're posting shorts more than ever. So, because I'm having that experience, it kind of busts the entire idea that someone would say, "Well, shorts hurts your long form." But then again, again, a little bit jaded. I'm on a larger channel talking about this. On my personal channel, my priority was live stream, take clips from the stream, turn them into shorts, do long form when I have time. But lately, I've started to prioritize doing long form again because I just want to see what would happen, you know, like what's going to happen. And those long form videos are doing really, really well. I'm not posting shorts right now, and I'm live streaming when I have time. And you would think, well, okay, cool. Your opinion should be that your shorts were hurting your long form performance. But keep in mind, what I'm saying is my personal like time and priorities just shifted. My my focus shifted. So, I was focused on making shorts that were really funny and compelling from clips of my streams. Once I stopped focusing on that and started focus on my writing of long- form content, then those started to perform and I stopped doing shorts, not because I thought they were bad, but because I didn't give myself enough time to do them because I have a full-time job. Like I'm I'm doing my channel for fun as a hobby on the side. So, it's kind of like I feel like I get what I put into it. And if I had all the time in the world to make shorts, do live streams, and do long form videos, I would do all three. And I'd love to see how that would do. Um, but to me like the bottom line is that shorts viewers be shorts viewers, long form be long form. There is crossover, but there's also an entire generation of people who prefer vertical short form content. And there's generations of people who came before them who like their long form. And again, there is crossover, but and and sometimes people it's just a mood for me. I do like shorts. If I'm if I'm like standing around waiting for the phone call I'm waiting for or something, watching a few shorts while I'm waiting for my phone to ring, super easy. I can get a quick dopamine hit. >> If I'm sitting in front of my TV, I'm watching a long form video and it it better be a long one so I don't have to keep changing the channel, >> So, it it is really like it just depends on where people are and who people are. And I think what you're finding and I'm not I don't have your channel in front of me. Maybe your data is way more compelling than I'm making it sound. But I think what you're finding is that when you put the time and energy into making sure your long form videos are doing really well and you take shorts and just put them out of your mind, just we're going to forget about this for now. You're getting what you put into it. you're you're reaping what you've seown, which is like I did a really good job making this long form video and it's performing and people see my passion and everything else. When you're splitting your focus between shorts and longs, you're on two different platforms effectively, which is always difficult to do, especially if you have school or work or other things that demand your time. We only have so much creative energy, I think, as individuals. So, I think that's what's going on when people say this, but again, I I have to put a big couple of caveats on it. I'm on larger channels than it sounds like the ones we're talking about here. And also like I don't I don't have this person's data in front of me, >> That's my soap box. I I will step off of it now. >> I I love that. And I think you should take all that in consideration, but also honor what you're seeing happen on your channel. If you have if you feel like you're doing this thing and it's making it, you know, go better for your long form, continue to do that thing. Don't change back just because we've said something. But uh just acknowledge that there are a lot of different worlds where all this stuff is true simultaneously just on [clears throat] different channels which is kind of the unfortunate thing. There is no like one answer. YouTube will tell you put it all on one channel now. We figured it out. We might tell you well I mean sometimes they got it figured out the Yeah. I think the reason it's easy to like look at a new channel and say I'm going to make this my shorts channel and this my long form channel is because it separates the data. Like we that's why we have the podcast channel because now we get way more accurate data about how long people are watching specifically the podcast because that's the only thing that's here and shorts about the podcast. >> Yes. >> Whereas before it was like let's do the podcast on the main channel. >> Okay. It's getting some views but like relative to the other content it's not and it's confusing. It's just confounding. Maybe both do work just fine but it's hard to make decisions based off the data when you're doing two totally separate things in one place. >> So true. So very true. If you're new here and you like this type of content or you want to learn more about how to grow on YouTube, of course, there's more videos here on the YouTube channel. If you listen to the audio podcast, there's tons and tons and years and years and years worth of content. Make sure you're subscribed to both. Um, and definitely check us out everywhere. We're on YouTube. We're on any audio platform that you want. And I say all that to say for those of you that are here for the learning stuff, we're done. But for those of you that are here for a little fun stuff, we're going to do something we did a couple of episodes ago, unless Dan's already done this today, which would be Wordle. Did you do today's Wordle? No. >> Okay, good. Because we did this a couple of weeks ago. I think it went pretty well. So, you and I are going to play Word. For those who don't know, it's a game that's been around for a very long time where you have to guess a word based off letters. And uh this is going to be more for the people watching on YouTube. Uh if you're listening, um it may not be as good [laughter] and and and buy, I guess. Uh but if you're listen if you're watching on uh on YouTube, we're going to start now. So, what's our first word going to be here, Dan? >> So, I'm going to give you the word I always thought would be really cool and every time I use it, it's it's detrimental. Oh, >> ghost. >> Okay. G O S G H O S T. And then I guess I hit enter. Yes. Enter. Boom. And none of those letters. >> Every time. [laughter] >> Every time. >> It's another fiveletter word. There are like little cheats you can use. >> Plead. >> What did you say? >> Plead. Like pleading. >> Okay. >> P L E D. >> E A D. >> E A Oh, ple A. Okay. >> Oh, is that I wonder if that's a word now. >> I Let's find out. Gives us a lot of Look at that. Hey, the first letter is P. So, we know for sure that this this letter the first letter is P, right? We don't know what the second letter is. P E B A K Peek. [laughter] That's not a word either. Oh my god, I'm never doing this again. >> Yeah, this is awful. >> U T Y butter. Do knife. >> Knife. Kifi. >> Okay, so N is in the word. N is is the >> and E is not the last letter. So we know now we know it's P E. >> It could be P E N A >> A penal. No, there's no L. Penum. >> Uh >> or N's N. >> Pencil. >> So try P E X A N. Okay. So what is that middle pon? >> Oh yeah. >> What are we doing? For those of you watching the YouTube video, I hope I hope that got edited down to like 45 seconds. I'm gonna tell you that took way longer than I'm willing to admit. That was ridiculous. We may never do that again. Anyway, thank you for joining us. We hope you had fun and we'll see y'all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarinetsaxist [2 likes]: Don't forget about a movie producer, the person/people that win the Best Picture Oscar after bringing everyone in to make the actual film. Or the director who wins Best Director after telling everyone else what they need done to complete their vision. The only difference is that with AI there are no other people automatically credited, just tools. But the prompter is at minimum a producer, and often a director, an editor, a writer, and so on. If one uses AI tools, they need not necessarily claim to have made every detail, but they deserve the credit for the initial entrepreneurial instinct to produce something, the financial contribution to realize it, and creativity that is still needed to make something as good as you can make it.
  2. @timmyscozycorner: 42:23 i do this all the time
I listen to my watch list more than i actually watch it. Even on my phone with background play
  3. @JustPaul70: Has a new YouTube Channel, and I know that the YouTube algorithm isn't my enemy, but man, it sure is making it hard to give it some loving. I wish it would once in a while cast it's Sauron like eye over my channel and say "I...Seee...You"  👀😄
  4. @WindwalkerHomestead: The algorithm is definitely doing well for you guys. I've watched the past few videos from this channel and just realized I'm not subscribed. Didn't notice the difference till you said there were separate channels
  5. @WindwalkerHomestead: I was thinking AI is more like you writing a book, someone makes a movie from the book and you saying you produced a movie. You have to be creative as it is just to write the book and it takes practice, but you didn't make the movie
  6. @Sourheart: I feel like title testing is way more effective than Thumbnail testing, most youtubers simply can't account for all the variables with thumbnails so you garner no actionable data from the tests and it might even effect a video's performance negatively if you make a bad thumb just to create a test...Meanwhile title testing can influence metadata, how the total video package looks in reccs/suggested/homepage, and it will help you find what language works better within a given niche.
  7. @SamuraiG: AI is just a tool, it is not inherently bad for anyone, the problem is new tools are always abused. Just look at all the product placements especially the erection ones and all the snake oil ads that are blurry, disjointed nd choppy. These AI slop uses are the abuse side. There are however thousands of channels that are creating beautiful works using AI. It is all in how you use it or abuse it.
  8. @fedrickmakayula4859: 😂😢 i cant use this ai because I haven't money to make content
  9. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  10. @yungadryas1734: Rob looks defeated .
  11. @rand4omfish: Im shadowbanned right now in shorts i wont quit but can u give me a tip to get back views in shorts?
  12. @Silent-Pride4-wt9iy: A couple of months back I had gotten a comment saying that playing Fallout 4 on survival mode was the way to go. So, I started playing it on survival mode and I agree.
  13. @aintrealrockandroll: So you film yourself with a camera and you say, you've made the film... But you didn't create the camera, nor you have nowadays a film inside. You could have made dash cam videos, what was your creativity then? But if it's not a camera but ai, you doubt the creator made the film?
  14. @Animalations-p1x: Please can I be pinned😊? I accidently edited the last one and i,m not pinned anymore
  15. @mrhoneystinger3676: Glad Rob decided to not wear those played out, creepy, playground extraction specialist vibed blue frames.
  16. @Enelea-Sims2: I pay attention when I see vidIQ has a video out and then I read your title. I am actually not too bothered by your thumbnails. I do recognise that it's a vidIQ video because of the face on it but that's as far as the thumbnail influences me (some feedback)
  17. @cameranewb3878: My audience was disgusted when I reviewed an AI video generation software on my camera channel. I had fun using photos of me as a kid and making clips. Ideally, I would love to have the resources to hire a crew, but the AI gave me a chance to create what I couldn’t
  18. @ViralShortsNZ: Im a Shorts channel so Thumbnails are not so but  think 10 million veiws in 90 days  is something that seems improbable 4 me
  19. @puertoricobygps: It seems like what you're saying is that we have the blind following the blind. I've been following most of your suggestions for years and I feel like I'm losing terrain instead of gaining. Have you ever thought that maybe what YouTube is doing is closing the traffic faucet more and more until they reach a point where you'll have to pay for people to see your stuff? I mean, I wouldn't put it past them. Think about it. These are the same people that became the gatekeepers of the Internet (Google). Ever since Adwords became a thing, organic reach has dwindled to the point where it's almost useless to post anything anymore. The same thing happened to Facebook. And now it's happening on YouTube (the last true organic bastion).

So here's today's picture. Creators work long hours making content that Ai scrapes in seconds and also have to pay if they want anyone to see it. Sound about right?

Then you have the “Ai echo chamber”. I have a Wordpress blog besides my YouTube channel (you know, because I'm masochistic like that). I used to produce my video every two weeks and then turn around, write a 1,800+ word article about the same subject and place it on my blog, along with pictures and a copy of the video. Now I simply take the script, throw it in ChatGPT and tell it to rewrite it. Then —I suppose— the ChatGPT robot comes by, scrapes that post and uses it to write someone else's stuff. If everyone starts doing what I am (and I can't imagine why they wouldn't), can you imagine what the Internet is going to be like after several years of this intellectually incestiouos behavior. Everything will be a rehash of a rehash of a rehash.
  20. @onlythisbrian: Rob, welcome to the third stage of AI (denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance).

- How I Actually Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I made only 3 videos on this channel&nbsp; and all of them got over 100,000 views believe it or not it all&nbsp; comes down to these 4 steps&nbsp; I already explained how I use&nbsp; storytelling to get more retention&nbsp; now it's time for step 2... you ready?&nbsp; if no one clicks on the video they don't watch&nbsp; point of the thumbnail is to create a journey&nbsp;&nbsp; from the thumbnail to even the high quality images are crucial&nbsp; add some intrique and make people want to know what happens next&nbsp; doesn't make any sense does it? we need to make better thumbnails...&nbsp; I don't mean these guys are wrong but let's&nbsp; be real you already know all these basics&nbsp; even if you don't they're just common sense&nbsp; do you really need to be told to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail simple 5 different times in 5&nbsp; different videos from 5 different gurus?&nbsp; I guess not so here's the full&nbsp;&nbsp; guide on how to actually make a thumbnail&nbsp; that gets clicks we will go from the design&nbsp;&nbsp; rules I use to thumbnail types getting inspiration&nbsp; branding word choice visual effects testing and...&nbsp; the first rule is pretty simple but it takes your&nbsp; design from a mess to a piece of art just take&nbsp;&nbsp; any popular youtuber's thumbnail and and draw 4&nbsp; lines like that do you see what's going on there?&nbsp; almost all of them even my thumbnails&nbsp; follow these lines at the core&nbsp; well you might know the rule of thirds&nbsp; from photography which basically says&nbsp; put the objects over these&nbsp; lines to get a nice shot&nbsp; that's why almost every channel&nbsp; has a thumbnail like this&nbsp; because it works so just add those lines to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you throughout the entire design trust me it's a game changer&nbsp; we'll come back to the layout but before&nbsp; that you need to choose a color...&nbsp; you probably heard people talking about the color&nbsp; wheel the idea is to get enough contrast in your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail you should choose two opposite colors&nbsp; from this circle and if you dive deeper you would&nbsp;&nbsp; see there are more techniques that's used to&nbsp; get fancy combinations but here's the plot...&nbsp; I don't use them there's a much easier way&nbsp; to find a color for your thumbnail and for&nbsp;&nbsp; your entire channel so here's what I do take any&nbsp; color you like as your main color I chose yellow&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine then add three more one black one&nbsp; white and one in the middle you can slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak these to match your main color but I like&nbsp; to keep it simple and finally add another color&nbsp;&nbsp; to highlight things there we go go a color palette&nbsp; that's actually useful even though my sister says&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like a Minecraft house made from diamond&nbsp; and gold I like it you can use it in your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; too but that's for another video now you might ask&nbsp; wouldn't that be too repetitive if I use the same&nbsp;&nbsp; colors in all my thumbnails? that's right!&nbsp; the solution is simple just change the highlight&nbsp; color that way you can keep the fresh vibes&nbsp;&nbsp; while still being recognizable by your viewers it's simple just pick a basic font that isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; overused and you're good to go for those those who&nbsp; are asking the fwn I use is called "eastman" and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty good all right we talked about the&nbsp; rule of thirds and how to make a good layout it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice but you can't just invent something new&nbsp; in this square for every single video right?&nbsp; well you don't have to if you paid attention while&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing on the homepage you may already&nbsp; have catched some thumbnail types that most&nbsp;&nbsp; youtubers are using shout out to this legend&nbsp; for breaking them down into 21 categories but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the best 10 that will work for 99% of&nbsp; the time youtubers like Airrack and Mrbeast use&nbsp;&nbsp; that style all the time but even if you're&nbsp; not an entertainment channel you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; use this type of thumbnail take a look at this hey what's he doing?! dude put that chicken down!&nbsp;&nbsp; oh this is how airplane engines are tested... they test it with chickens?!&nbsp; see that's the target emotion of these&nbsp; thumbnails just shock the viewer while&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolling on the homepage and make them clip&nbsp; it's easier to say but think about what you&nbsp;&nbsp; have in your video that would shock the viewers&nbsp; of course big things always get more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take this out of context people are&nbsp; curious to know what a $50 million house&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like or how this dude earns $900 just by&nbsp; listening to music until they realize he doesn't among all those over edited and screaming&nbsp; thumbnails another way to stand out is&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping it really simple just an interesting&nbsp; chat from discord a chair a red button or this&nbsp;&nbsp; thing whatever this is may get more attention it's&nbsp; usually just a screenshot shot from the video and&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple question that makes you curious to know&nbsp; what's going on channels like Dr Insanity or Zack&nbsp;&nbsp; are doing it so good that it makes it impossible&nbsp; to skip if you're a small channel and a popular&nbsp;&nbsp; niche social hacking is probably the best way to&nbsp; gain the first traction basically take the face of&nbsp;&nbsp; a famous person in your Niche and slap it into&nbsp; your thumbnail oh the video must be about that&nbsp;&nbsp; person though otherwise it's called clickbait all&nbsp; the videos you see with Mrbeast's face are using&nbsp;&nbsp; this strategy and it works pretty well even dream&nbsp; used in his first videos so don't underestimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of a popular face all right let's&nbsp; speed things up this is the style you see all&nbsp;&nbsp; over youtube just the creator next to something&nbsp; bigger yeah the one I use in this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; basically an interesting text at the top to give&nbsp; more context about the video it can be anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; compare to before and after something cheap versus&nbsp; expensive iPhone versus Android fin versus AI you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the point blurring the main character or the&nbsp; final result so people have to click to find out I don't know if you realize but all of those viral&nbsp; thumbnails that I showed in this video and even&nbsp;&nbsp; all the ones that you saw on your homepage have&nbsp; one thing in common they're not just using one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these formulas they're combining them look&nbsp; at Mrwhosetheboss' series where he buys every&nbsp;&nbsp; release of a tech like iPhone or Playstation I&nbsp; showed you this in big numbers but if you look&nbsp;&nbsp; closer you would see that he also uses header&nbsp; comparison and even social hacking formulas all&nbsp;&nbsp; at once or take a look at this chair which&nbsp; types could you spot it's branded because&nbsp;&nbsp; of their logo right here it's simple because&nbsp; well there's nothing else than a chair and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; using social hacking because everyone saw this&nbsp; chair at least once we can even include it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a weird object if you think chairs are weird?... even I used big numbers and header styles in my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video on this channel I wouldn't say it's&nbsp; very creative but it worked for sure I can go&nbsp;&nbsp; on with all the thumbnails that I showed but the&nbsp; idea is choose two or three styles combine them&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to stick to it for around five videos&nbsp; it will make your audience understand it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your style but don't stick to it for too long&nbsp; because using the same formula 100 times would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably make the viewers feel like you just keep&nbsp; repeating yourself and it will lower the chances&nbsp;&nbsp; of click unless you're a reaction channel... well it's one of the most popular advice that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can hear from youtube gurus just look what&nbsp; other youtubers in your niche are doing and try&nbsp;&nbsp; to replicate but I completely disagree with that&nbsp; and I have evidence to support my opinion take my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video as an example trying youtube shorts&nbsp; is definitely not a unique video idea what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail that style seems to work for many&nbsp; people well in that case you're a smart guy just&nbsp;&nbsp; copy what works right the problem is you're not&nbsp; the only one that is the worst thing to do if&nbsp;&nbsp; you see many similar thumbnails from different&nbsp; channels about the same topic hopping on that&nbsp;&nbsp; train is probably not a good idea if so many&nbsp; channels are already doing that it's the cliche&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail now and your audiences are basically&nbsp; the same so there's no reason for people to click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your zero view video instead of their 100k even worse people will probably notice they're&nbsp;&nbsp; too similar and you might become just a copycat&nbsp; of your competitor so what should you do then you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't reinvent the wheel for each new video right? well...&nbsp; just kidding of course it's not really possible&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that if you're posting consistently sooner&nbsp; or later you'll run out of thumbnail ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; when that happens you should just look at channels&nbsp; outside your niche for that video I went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the channels I follow in completely different&nbsp; niches and came up with this thumbnail same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; applies to almost all of them so get inspiration&nbsp; from the channels with different niches that will&nbsp;&nbsp; make your video stand out from the crowd because&nbsp; your audience with those channels are different&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the same with all these other channels&nbsp; so when it appears alongside those yours will&nbsp;&nbsp; be much more likely to get more attention experimenting with new things is always&nbsp;&nbsp; good but just try to keep the core elements like&nbsp; colors fonts and style consistent that makes your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience notice your video on the home screen&nbsp; way faster and with enough time boosts the CTR&nbsp; this is where you got to be creative you can&nbsp; use a big number if that suits your video a&nbsp;&nbsp; bold statement opposite of a common belief&nbsp; or just a title that represents your video&nbsp; if nothing fits well leaving it blank is always&nbsp; an option congratulations you just learned how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a viral thumbnail right I don't think&nbsp; so look you learned the theory which is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important but it doesn't mean anything if you&nbsp; don't know how to use them most people will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably close the video at this point take all&nbsp; that information and go make a thumbnail like this&nbsp; but if you stick around you'll learn how I turn&nbsp; this into this hey Finn what do you call it?&nbsp; Photoshop baby!! PhOtOsHOp BaByYy how you say it like that...&nbsp; with just a few simple effects and some ancient&nbsp; Photoshop sorcery that I learned from this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah hey everyone I'm still here here got stuck in&nbsp; this timeline dude you need to work on your jokes&nbsp; PHOTOSHOP... after choosing your&nbsp;&nbsp; concept and sketching a detailed draft on paper&nbsp; open Photoshop create a new project get your lines&nbsp;&nbsp; add your character text a nice background and&nbsp; other elements it already looks better than that&nbsp; make the text fancier by double clicking here&nbsp; then change the color add inner glow outer glow&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever this is just tweak the settings&nbsp; to make the unique effect you want here are&nbsp;&nbsp; the adjustments that I usually do if you want to&nbsp; get a similar style after you're happy with the&nbsp;&nbsp; look save it as a new style to use it next&nbsp; time you can do that for other elements too&nbsp; it's the effect that I used in this thumbnail&nbsp; to bend this chart you can bend anything by&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicking the corner of an image and choosing&nbsp; this button now you can warp it however you want&nbsp; looks good but they seem too distracting&nbsp; in the background let's add some blur&nbsp;&nbsp; select the image filter blur gaussian blur that might work work but we can do even better&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try again select image filter pixelate&nbsp; mosaic oh we made it worse again again that's&nbsp;&nbsp; it even though these blurs might not suit this&nbsp; thumbnail they work very well in some cases so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know how to use them all right let's&nbsp; move on we fixed these images but the background&nbsp;&nbsp; is too shiny it's almost hard to read the text&nbsp; so we need to make it darker take the brush wo&nbsp;&nbsp; wow calm down you don't have to be a Bob Ross to&nbsp; use this okay just try to keep up make your brush&nbsp;&nbsp; big and soft reduce the flow to something like&nbsp; 5% and increase smoothing now open a new layer&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of your background and start painting&nbsp; behind text character and things like that okay&nbsp;&nbsp; we're getting somewhere that background image&nbsp; looks nice but I don't really like the color I&nbsp;&nbsp; said but I don't really like the color how' to&nbsp; change it glad you asked select the background&nbsp;&nbsp; click image adjustments hue and saturation here&nbsp; you can choose a specific color to change or&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak the entire image noise we're almost done&nbsp; but I'm looking so unnatural over there I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; the text above my head is shiny there should&nbsp; be some light reflections in reality right? pick the selection tool select the thing&nbsp; create a new layer take the brush make&nbsp;&nbsp; it smaller pick a nice color and brush&nbsp; over where the light is coming from oh&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to change the layer blending&nbsp; style to overlay if it doesn't work for&nbsp;&nbsp; your image try other styles and colors too&nbsp; after everything's done I like to send it&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone and play around with the colors&nbsp; in Lightroom so it goes from this to this&nbsp; before publishing the video you need to test&nbsp; how it looks on youtube homepage to do that go&nbsp;&nbsp; to thumbs up.tv add your title and thumbnail and&nbsp; see if it looks good if it does you're good if not&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the drawing board again but hopefully&nbsp; it does here it is I know it's probably not the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way to make a thumbnail but that's just how&nbsp; I do it at the moment it will definitely change&nbsp;&nbsp; with time but for now this is all I do and it&nbsp; works for me so may work for you as well... [Music] PhOtOsHOp BaByYy

  Top Comments:
  1. @turkcipitiofficial [1 likes]: 3:10 neeeeediyo ooolum.
  2. @vikash0pradhan: Bakwas 0% 
 value 100%
  3. @alihesham8167: 3:31 🙂
  4. @GavinGamer2: 1:13 crazy work here
  5. @ClickFarmaStudio: Excelent body!
  6. @happydavvy: I just use AI to make my thumbnails with prompts am not good with colors and making thumbnails
  7. @SecularGrowth: Just insane how good this man is :)
  8. @AbhinavSingh-x5d3v: Bro which app you are using please tell me bro
  9. @hasoking6860: Thanks a lot dude, as a beginner I was so confused at everything but with your help I can now execute the essentials(which is pretty enough for my need). Thanks a lot, really.
  10. @joelmwalugha: Thank you so much
  11. @Sulaiman__mostafa: Absolute cinema
  12. @Seafritzz: NOW I GOT THE NOTE PAD WITH ME
  13. @LolaLogicYT: It's helpfull but something missing Its feels like you flex Your skilss
  14. @RedEcho-2: This was like the best Tutorial I've ever seen
  15. @ryanellisonyt: so glad I got this on my recommendation 😊
  16. @nifemi_ttb: Ohhh i love issac 😂🤍
  17. @akilachamod9491: i'm glad this is the first video that is recomended for me when i search to learn. 
everything i need to learn was at one palce.. 😍😍
  18. @keinfps6970: you can notice that he is from shorts :) I'm learning so much in 1min
  19. @fitblood: This video gives me sea sickness
  20. @pedrosiqueiraviolão: 10:34 lá ele kk

- How to Make Viral Thumbnails in 2026 (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en After generating hundreds of millions of views on YouTube, we learned one hard truth. Thumbnails matter more than almost anything. Because if nobody clicks, nobody watches. So today, I'm going to share our 10-step system to create viral thumbnails that are so good, they basically force viewers to click on them. Let's get into it. Step one, make your thumbnail before you script, edit, or film absolutely anything. When I first started YouTube, I'd always treat my thumbnails kind of like an afterthought. You know, I'd do my script, I'd film the video, I'd edit it, and then oh, I have to publish, time to make a thumbnail. This is so bad and so unnecessary. If you make your thumbnails like this, you're basically locked into whatever you've already filmed and edited. And if you come up with a really good thumbnail idea that maybe doesn't fit your script, you're kind of screwed. Or you have to go re-film, and that's so inconvenient. Instead, you should come up with absolutely banger thumbnail concepts first and create them before you script your video. Because then, if you need to adjust your script, you can. You don't have to go re-film, re-edit, etc. Because again, if nobody clicks, nobody watches. So you need to come up with your thumbnail first to ensure that you're able to have the best video possible. Moving on, step two, stop trying to make your thumbnails look pretty, because pretty doesn't get clicks. Understandability does. A lot of creators think they need to make these like super intricate, detailed art projects for their thumbnails, when in reality, that again is not what gets clicks. The little details don't matter really at all. YouTube thumbnails are previewed at very small sizes, often times even on a phone. What this means is that those little details that you're trying to add are just simply not going to be noticed or even seen. Second, your YouTube thumbnails aren't viewed in isolation, they're viewed next to hundreds of other videos on the YouTube homepage. this means is that viewers are not looking at your thumbnail for even six, seven, eight seconds. They're looking at your thumbnails for like a millisecond. So to make a thumbnail that gets clicks and blows up your video, you need to prioritize understandability over aesthetics. Step three, when you're making your thumbnails, don't start from scratch, start with what's already worked. Every creator with over 100,000 subscribers that I've ever met does this thing called outlier validation. An outlier is a video that's over performed on a channel. For example, if a channel averages 10,000 views per video, and they make a video that gets 100,000 views, that video is a 10x outlier. And it signals to us that there's something special about that video that we can copy, often times it's the thumbnail. So with any thumbnail that you're going to create, instead of just guessing and trying to make a concept that might go viral, you need to do outlier research to give yourself the highest chance of success. To do this, go to oneof10.com, go to filters, go to the last six months, at least a 2x outlier, and then search up your video concept. So if I'm making a video called how to make a million dollars in 2026, I'll look up make a million dollars or how to make a million dollars. And what this will do is give me a ton of other viral videos similar to mine that have gone viral in the last six months. Because these videos are outliers and went viral recently, chances are I can take whatever they did for their thumbnails that worked and do it myself. So scroll through and screenshot six or seven thumbnails that you think you can make for your channel and put them into a document for later. That's outlier research. Step four, you're going to actually create your thumbnails. You can use free tools like Canva or Photopea, or you can pay for a tool like Photoshop, which I personally recommend, or what's even new this year is AI thumbnail generators. Now, most of these aren't good, but the one I've been using for basically every single thumbnail that I've created this year is the oneof10 thumbnail generator. You're going to take all those outlier concepts that you screenshotted earlier and kind of get it down to like your top three. You can decide on the best three concepts by just simply thinking about your audience. If you already have videos posted, go to your YouTube analytics and go to the audience tab and look at the ages, genders, and countries of your audience. And if you don't have videos posted, just think about who would watch your videos. they male? Are they female? Are they young? Are they old? Are they from English-speaking countries? Are they from non-English-speaking countries? All of these things will influence what thumbnail concepts will perform best on your channel. Let's say I have a large percentage of my audience that is not native English speakers, I'll probably limit the number of words and text in my thumbnails to make it still easily understandable by a non-native audience. Or if I have a younger audience and I'm making this video about how to make a million dollars in 2026, I'll show them things that really resonate with them. For example, maybe the fact that I'm young or that I have supercars or a nice house, right? These things are very attractive to my target audience. And just think about what does my target audience want? Do they really want like an aesthetic mirror selfie, or do they want me posted up in a really nice car for this particular video concept? Just [music] think about it. And then once you have your top three, you're going to make them in your editing software of choice. Step five, remove things from your thumbnail until there's nothing left to remove. There's this rule that a lot of top creators swear by called the three-element rule. What this means is that viral thumbnails will have three main elements and almost nothing else. Look at any of these examples, right? One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Maybe like one, two, three, four. But for the most part, it's all three elements. Step six, thumbnails that have a lot going on make it really hard for viewers to quickly understand them. And if a viewer doesn't quickly understand a thumbnail, then they're not going to click on it. So whatever's in your thumbnail, just think how can I make this simpler, and it's going to become a better thumbnail. Step seven, make sure your title and thumbnail tell the exact same story. Although outlier research is really effective to come up with viral thumbnail concepts, it only works if it also works with your title. Which is why it's so important to make your thumbnail first, because then you can change your title, and change your hook, and change your script, and etc. Your thumbnail should always advance whatever your title is saying, not necessarily just repeat it or even do something unrelated. On YouTube, your titles and thumbnails are not two different things, they're really just the same thing working together. Step eight, use colors and contrast to stand out without sacrificing realism. On YouTube, contrast grabs attention and realism gains trust. You need both. First off, 80% of YouTube users use dark mode, so high contrast and bright colors allows you to stand out on a dark feed. However, you don't want to do too much of this where your thumbnail starts to look unrealistic, right? For an older audience, they probably value much more realism, authenticity, and realistic photos and colors versus a younger audience, you can probably get away with bright backgrounds and flashy colors. So really just think about again, who am I making my thumbnails for? And to the best of your abilities, make sure that your thumbnail pops and stands out with your colors and contrast. Step nine, use thumbnail text only when it adds new information to your video. On YouTube, text can either save or sabotage your thumbnail. We did a study here at oneof10 of over 300,000 viral videos from 2025, and we found overall that having text in a thumbnail leads to less views. Now, there's obviously cases where text helps and some cases where text doesn't help, but overall, not having text in your thumbnail basically forces you to show and not tell, which allows you to create usually either more curiosity or just a more emotional response from a viewer to get them to click. If you're going to use text a thumbnail, you should not just be repeating the title, because then you're just wasting space in your thumbnail. Instead, you should use it to add additional context that viewers don't already know. Here's some good examples. See how this is the title, this is the text they're using. It's adding context, right? Same here and same here. [music] Finally, step 10, switch your titles and thumbnails, but not too much. Once you've posted a YouTube video, it is so important that you are testing multiple thumbnails and changing them as you go along. This is why for a single video, we ended up with three different thumbnail concepts, because it allows us to run a three-way AB test using YouTube's AB testing features. The reason this is so important is because you don't know which thumbnail is going to perform better. There have been times where I thought one thumbnail was better than two others, but one of the other two actually won the test at the end of the day. Additionally, once a video dies out, you can just simply switch the thumbnail and maybe it gets extra views. I've had this happen so many times where a video has been dead, I've switched the thumbnail, and in this case, it got over 200,000 views from being basically dead. It's actually insane how high leverage it is to just change your titles and thumbnails after a few days. Now, how do you know when to change a title or thumbnail? Don't look at your CTR. Most people think a high CTR means a good thumbnail and a low CTR means a bad thumbnail, but this is simply not the case. CTR is always going to start out really high because your video's being recommended to your subscribers and people that have watched you before. As a video gets more views, CTR will look dramatically worse and drop, but it doesn't mean that the thumbnail's bad, it just means the video's [music] been pushed out to more people. You could have a video with 100 views and like a 10% CTR. It doesn't mean the thumbnail's good because the video only has 100 views. So don't look at your CTR, look at your impressions. If a video's impression graph has gone like this and flatlined, the video's probably dead. You should probably change the title and thumbnail. All top creators do this, by the way. And that's how to create viral thumbnails in 10 steps. Hopefully you learned something. Let me know if you have any questions, and check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thatsrealtem [5 likes]: N8 bro we Miss you
  2. @madetouplift [5 likes]: The channel deserves more than 1k subs
  3. @zMetaBS [3 likes]: 1:32 2:46 "67" bro 🥀
  4. @Sigma943IGN [3 likes]: Really helpful thanks!
  5. @terrabyteyt [2 likes]: hmm thanks good info
  6. @someguy3212 [2 likes]: it would be better to see this channel as proof for these methods, 10 months and an average view count of 500ish aint the best big bro
  7. @Yourboyrboyr [2 likes]: 0:02 W jman
  8. @GDawg-yt [2 likes]: I know you said not to promote a video through external websites and third party places, but if I do it DIRECTLY through YouTubers add promotion area, would that bring more people to my channel, or just kill it? Small content creators gather here.
  9. @AmenyaGrowthLAB [2 likes]: This was really helpful 🙌 I like how you explained that great thumbnails aren’t about being flashy, but about clarity, emotion, and curiosity. When the thumbnail does its job, clicking feels almost automatic. Solid breakdown 👏🎯. Small YouTubers let's connect and grow together 💪
  10. @Jooshiesaur [1 likes]: 601 views 🥀
  11. @shortcut-l8y [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s make our dreams into a reality, We got this 👍
  12. @ReadingStoriesGG [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape:
  13. @deadlights22 [1 likes]: This channel deserves 2 subs
  14. @FriedChicken_64 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips!
  15. @gilesmendes-s9f [1 likes]: if you know so much why do you have 60 videos and 1k subs
  16. @LunarLlamah [1 likes]: 3rd
  17. @yesithn: 🔥🔥
  18. @StreamerVerseOfficial: o
  19. @big-g-1: How many times has this thing been sold 😭😭😭
  20. @Ethiopian_legacy: That’s helpful thank you bro

- How To Make Viral Thumbnails (99% Do This Wrong): Kind: captions Language: en This has been one of my most requested videos, and it's probably for a good reason. If you don't have a good thumbnail, no one will watch your video. Now, I want to make something clear. This isn't one of those tutorials where I show you how to take an existing thumbnail and ask [music] ChatGPT to replace the subject. That simply doesn't work for most cases. What I am going to show you is how to leverage AI in your existing thumbnail workflow. This makes it so we end up with the best possible result. So, if you watch this entire video, you will know exactly how to make a world-class thumbnail that will make you stand out from your competition. This is one of the highest return investments you can do for the growth of your YouTube channel. So, first things first, I have a folder full of photos of me. And the key here is we will not be asking AI to make any adjustments to our facial position or expression. That's often what gives you the fake AI look. So, yes, you do have to take your own photos [music] if you want the highest quality results. Once we have the photo we want, we can move to the topic and find inspiration for our thumbnail. And my number one place for that is X and Pinterest. I just search for the topic I'm looking for, and then I make sure to put YouTube thumbnail after it. The purpose of this is we need a reference for the structural bones of our thumbnail. If we just jump straight into generating the image with our photo, it ends up looking just like a photo and not a thumbnail. And no, we're not stealing like lazy people. I have a very specific prompt that I'm about to show you. And so, for the purpose of this video, I'm just going to use this thumbnail here. And now, we're ready to start the magic. Now, I'm going to be using Imagine Art, and you'll see why in a second. I have a link to it in the description. But, you can feel free to use whatever platform you want. So, I'm going to click on this Chatly button, and I'm going to select Gemini. I'm uploading my image here, and I'm going to write this very specific prompt that you can copy in the description. Essentially, it breaks down the proportions, the lighting, and the objects, and it's going to give us a new prompt that we can paste directly into the image generator. And so, if you do end up using a picture of yourself along with this prompt, you're also going to want to add to this prompt [music] to the end of your prompt. This one is also in the description. It basically tells the AI that you want the photo you're using to maintain the same [music] facial expression. Whatever you decide to use, make sure it has Nano Banana Pro. I've tested all the models multiple times, and I've gotten the best results with Nano Banana Pro. So, now that we have our full prompt, I'm going to select [music] workflow. And then I'm going to select create new workflow. Now, I'm going to select nodes and I'm going to select the upload node. I'm going to upload this photo of my face and then select open. Now, I'm going to select this prompt node and drag it down here. And then the last one is I'm going to add this image [music] node. Now, like I said, I'm going to use Nano Banana Pro. So, I'm going to select model and select Nano Banana Pro and I'm going to set the aspect ratio to 16 by 9 resolution to 4K. Now, I'm going to connect the reference [music] photo here and the prompt to this one. Now, we can paste in the prompt we got from Gemini into here. And then I'm also going to paste in the second part of the prompt that tells the AI that I want this face instead of the [music] other guy's face. Now, as soon as we click run, it's going to generate that photo. But, I'm not going to do that yet because I want to generate some more assets, connect it here, and then we'll generate it all at once. So, I'm going to click the prompt and then I'm going to click the image. I'm going to connect the prompt here, select Nano Banana Pro, aspect ratio to 1, and resolution to 4K. Now, I'm going to click upload again. Now, I'm going to upload a photo of this logo. And then I'm simply going to connect it here. Now, I wrote generate me a 3D version of this DaVinci Resolve logo, place it on a white background. Now, I'm in Google. I'm going to grab this image, save image as. I'm going to select the upload, going to upload this logo, click the prompt again, and then image again. I'm going to copy this prompt, I'm going to paste it, and I'm going to change this to say Apple Music logo instead, and then we're going to connect this here and this here. And then I'm going to hit run. Again, here's another logo. I'm going to save this as, [music] then I can upload it into another upload, drag in a prompt, paste in our prompt, and switch it to Messages logo, prompt and [music] reference. The last two logos we need are the Apple Store logo and the Apple Photos logo, and repeat [music] this process. I'm going to come back to my main prompt here and I'm basically going to describe what I want to happen when we plug all these photos in. Basically, all I added was I've also connected it five different 3D logos. I want you to place these around the man holding the phone. They are floating. Make sure the faces of all of them are visible and that they are all roughly the same [music] size. Now, what we can do is begin connecting all of these logos to here. Now, if we zoom out, as you can see, we have our input photo of my face, five different logos, and then we have the Gemini prompt basically telling it what position I should [music] be in. So, now we can hit run. And so, this is why I like the workflows feature because if you try and do this in a normal image generator and just try prompting everything, it's just too much for it to handle at once and it ends up making a lot of mistakes. Whereas this way, all the work is already done. It just has to put the pieces together. So, here's what it gave us. You'll notice that there's nothing on the phone screen yet and there's still a few changes I want to add, like a bit of glossiness on the Apple logos and I want to change the color of my shirt. But for now, I'm just going to download this like this. I'm going to select the image tab and I'm going to select Nano Banana Pro. Now, I'm going to select down here. I'm going to make sure I'm on landscape and 4K. Then I can select my number of variations. So, I'm just going to select four. And now it's a little bit less complicated. We can just describe the changes we want to make and I like to keep it to one change at a time. So, I'm going to upload this second photo. I'm going to write, "Can you place the second image I provided onto the phone screen of the first phone, make it look a little bit more modern, and I want the headphones to be 3D and slightly coming out of the phone. I also want you to place an Apple mouse cursor hovering over the bottom of the phone." Now, you're not always going to get exactly what you want on the first image, so you just have to keep adjusting your prompt until you get something you like. This one was the winner for me, so I'm going to download it here. Now, I'm going to re-upload that here. So, what I asked for is a clear coat on top of the Apple logos and I said I want them to look a little bit more glossy and premium. I also want you to change the color of the guy's shirt to blue. So again, as you can see, I tried lots of different versions. I think this one's my favorite. As you can see, these app logos look a lot better now, and that's a nice shade of blue for the shirt. Again, the link is below if you want to try out my workflow. Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, and we'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thatsrealtem [2 likes]: Bro the jawline lookin crispy as always. Keep it up man😤🔥
  2. @Nitin.Indian [1 likes]: bro is the real beauty with brain 😭
  3. @Thatsrealtem [1 likes]: Can you teach us this photopea. For us who aren't able to use photoshop
  4. @ek_Balaak [1 likes]: 0:48 pj bhai
  5. @chigga11: Break mrbeast thumbnail
  6. @Sgames74: What kind of macbook do you use for video editing?
  7. @crazy_bot001: music selection🔥🔥
  8. @mujtabawastaken5348: ur the goat man I wanna be great as you dwag!
  9. @Ailearn-s8y: which main software or website u used in video?
  10. @dyuhti: ❤❤🎉🎉😊😊
  11. @shortsforyou0746: https://youtu.be/DiH9Pek312c?si=iLrqhcatxjVaduxK

Can you breakdown this edit plz.. i guess this single video can teach us a lot off the editing style. Please do it, i request 😭😭
  12. @PrimeGaming-u2w: Very good video ❤❤ I love it .No ones tell this but u ...
Thank u❤❤
  13. @benjonesatoffice: need ai video generation a to z tutorial
  14. @NayLin-h4p6b: https://youtube.com/shorts/xCAL-xZbADk?si=J5dCz_0t2UJUUSuR
How to create this text animation
  15. @Nitishcomputer123: Make a video on transparent watermark.
  16. @strassen-affe: Thank you :)
  17. @bendydoido3363: bro, PLSS, make a video teaching how to make reflex effect on the floor, i need to laern more about this effect😊😊
  18. @TownUprade: Bro please try to only find Websites or Apps that cost nothing because no ohne will pay like 200$ / month for every specific ai or Else…. Would be so cool 🎉
  19. @Jack-l9f7l: @davinci resolve editors 

I am hiring short form edits 

reply to this comment and we can talk
  20. @ilijaadobarcovek1162: What do you think about posting a video about color grade🙃

- How I Make VIRAL Thumbnails with a FREE AI Tool (Nano Banana): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Tech Chime. Do you also want to create perfect thumbnails like those professional YouTubers ? But do n't know how to use Photoshop? No problem. Today I will show you how you can create absolutely pro level thumbnails using Google's Nano Banana tool. That too absolutely free and in just 2 minutes. Ca n't believe. Let's see how I created the perfect Uber-like thumbnails without Photoshop. But keep in mind that if you miss even one step, you will not get professional results. So, watch the video till the end. First of all, copy the YouTube link of the type of thumbnail you want to create. Now go to Google and type YouTube thumbnail downloader. Click on the second link. A simple interface will open there. Paste the URL of your video in it and click on Get Thumbnail Image. Now look, you got the same thumbnail in HD quality. Now just click on the download HD thumbnail image and download it. Now go to Google again and type J NI Nanobana AI. Go to the previous link and click on Create Image Nano Banana there. Now click on the plus button and upload the thumbnail you want to create. After this, write below Replace the character in this image with my character. After a bit of loading, the Gemini AI will ask you for an image of your character. Upload that image and click on generate. Your new thumbnail image will be ready in a few seconds. That too in HD quality. The specialty of Gemini is that it follows the details of the original thumbnail very accurately. If someone's dress in the original thumbnail was red, Gemini will show your character in the same red dress. You will get such perfect detailing only in Nano Banana. So see friends, this is the magic of making nano. Now you can also create professional thumbnails. That too without Photoshop and absolutely free. If you liked the video then do like, share and subscribe because I keep bringing such AI tricks and tech tools for you. This is Tech Chim signing off until the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MR_Retro_Man [1 likes]: Nice

- How to Create Irresistible Thumbnails (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about thumbnails. If you want more views on YouTube, you have to make better thumbnails. This is such a critical piece that most people overlook. Because here's the truth that will really shock you. The game of YouTube, it's not about who can make the best videos. It's really about who can get the most people to click on their thumbnails and then watch a great video. It seems trivial, but it's actually the thumbnails that can make or break a channel. Now, I've been studying the biggest YouTube channels in the world, and it turns out they're all using the exact same thumbnail strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break the whole thing down. This is the five-step playbook for making irresistible thumbnails that will supercharge your views. And by the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right. Now, before we get into it, let me just quickly say, if you don't think thumbnails are that important, look at this. This is my best performing video of all time. 1.2 2 million views and that's the thumbnail. Well, it turns out I actually made that video 6 months before and posted it on a different channel with this thumbnail. And on that channel, it capped out at 1,700 views. Same exact video. The only difference was the channel and a different thumbnail. And this single thumbnail change has been responsible for six figures in revenue for my business. That's how important thumbnails are. All right. Now, before we get into the five tactical steps for how to make a thumbnail, it's super helpful to understand the psychology of viewer behavior on YouTube. And when I say psychology, what I really mean is the process a viewer goes through to decide which video to click on. Now, you'd think the viewer psychology would be pretty straightforward. They see a picture, they click a picture, they watch the video, they're happy. But that's not exactly how it works. The psychology flow for viewers on YouTube happens in three steps. The first thing that happens is what I call the visual stun gun. A viewer is scrolling the explore feed or browsing the sidebar and they see something visual that catches their eye and this freezes their passive scanning brain and engages a more active target lock. Essentially, they switch into a comprehension mode and they're actively trying to figure out what it is that grabbed their attention. So, step one is that visual stun gun. You need to make the thumbnail compelling enough to visually trigger that stun gun effect. And there's actually seven different things you can do in the thumbnail design to give yourself the best chance to create that stun gun reaction. And I'm going to walk through those in a minute. But step one is that visual stun. Now, once the viewer is locked on and they've switched from a passive scrolling to an active comprehension mode, their interest is peaked. So then all they want to do is fully understand what the video could be about and what's in it for them. And here's a critical piece in the psychology flow. Typically, the viewer is not able to gather a full understanding of what the video is about from just the thumbnail alone. It may peak a ton of curiosity, but the image alone will not get them to click. And so, this is where step two happens, where they shift their attention from the image down to the title. And they do this because words are easier to concretely understand than images. Images give us more data, but they're often up to interpretation. Words are much clearer and more specific. So, in step two, the viewer then reads the title to get a more direct sense of what the video is going to be about. And I call step two title value hunting. The viewer is essentially looking at the title to understand if they should opt into watching because it's going to offer some value for them. This is why the title and thumbnail together are often referred to as YouTube packaging. You really can't win without optimizing for both and the viewer consumes both at the same time. Now, I'll explain in a minute how to optimize the clarity and clickability of the title, but just to reframe where we're at so far in the psychology flow. So far, the viewer started paying attention from the visual stun gun and then gut check the relevance of the video for them in the title value hunting. Now, here is where things get interesting. After value hunting the title, they still won't click because step three is when the viewer goes back up to the thumbnail to more deeply comprehend what's in it. And this is called visual validation. Now that the viewer has a firmer grasp of the topic and the promise made in the title, they can anchor when visually trying to comprehend what's going on in the thumbnail. If the thumbnail does a good job of supporting the value promised by the title, and the viewer wants that value, they're going to click. So, the psychology flow is thumbnail to title back to thumbnail. That's how a viewer consumes the information and decides to click. It's visual stun gun to title value hunting, back to visual validation. And understanding this flow is so important because it explains why certain YouTube packaging works better than others. If you have a thumbnail design that's easy to understand, but it doesn't pop visually, then you'll never pass the visual stun gun phase. If you have a thumbnail that visually grabs attention, but the title promise is weak, then it's going to get somebody to look at it, but they won't click because the promise isn't compelling. If you have a strong title and a visually interesting image, but the elements in the thumbnail themselves don't support that title promise, then the viewer is not going to click because they'll be confused. When you make your thumbnails, you want to gut check through all three phases in the flow. And if you don't believe me that this works, go ahead and glance down at the sidebar right now. The first thing you did was look at one of those thumbnail visuals. I guarantee you did not read the titles first. Now, based on that first look, you probably didn't fully absorb what the video was going to be about. you just saw bright colors or a big face. So then before you click, you'd actually have to look at the title to try to figure out what's going to happen in the video. And after that, you'd look back up at the thumbnail to gauge if the elements indicated trust that the promise communicated in the title would be delivered. It's not a magic trick. This is how the brain comprehends video options on YouTube. And all of that that I just described typically happens in 1 to two seconds for the viewer. What a fun game. All right. All right. Now, I promised I'd give you some tactical ways to improve your successes at each of those three psychology steps. So, here's what's on deck for the rest of this video. First, I'm going to break down the tactical enhancements that you can make at each of the three steps in the psychology flow that we just walked through. The visual stun gun, the title value hunt, and the visual validation. Then, I'm going to give you the full five-step formula for how to actually create a winning thumbnail for every single video. This will become your thumbnail playbook. Think of it like a checklist for how to approach making thumbnails. And then finally, at the end, I'm going to rapid fire a bunch of nonobvious but tactical lessons that I've picked up over the last couple months as we've grown on YouTube. All right, let's dive into it. So, to revisit the three psychology steps that we just went through, visual stun gun, title value hunting, visual validation. Let's start with the visual stun gun. What can we do in the thumbnail to create this visual stun gun effect? Now, by definition, you need the thumbnail to grab the viewers's attention immediately. And like I said, they're not going to comprehend the full thing at this stage, but we just need something to pop to turn that passive scanning into active comprehension seeking. This is the red berries and the green leaf effect. Something visual has to grab their attention. Now, as I mentioned, there's seven categories of things that you could put in your thumbnail to increase your chances that this effect occurs. The first one is to use specific color science to create visual contrast in the thumbnail. Now, this means you can either use contrasting colors within your thumbnail or make your entire thumbnail a color that contrasts with other competitor videos in your niche. Doing this within your thumbnail would be using vivid or bright colors that pop against the background. And this could be orange elements against a blue background or white elements against a dark background or vice versa. The best example of this is Ryan Tran's thumbnail from this video here. That orange jumpsuit pops against a black and white background so well. Now, color contrast against your category would be doing something like making a lighter thumbnail when all of your competitors use dark themes. And that's what we've done on my channel, which is why our thumbnails pop so well. Essentially, this tactic would be to use color to create some visual pop. Now, the second way to trigger the visual stun gun is to use a large face on the image. And this can either be a recognizable face like a celebrity or a famous creator or a non-recognizable face with a recognizable emotion. The truth is, when you're starting out on your own channel, you're a relative nobody. And so, the recognizability factor of your own face is extremely low. And so, using yourself when you're small doesn't really help you. In fact, it may hurt you if people don't trust that you can fulfill the promise based on the way you look. But creating the right emotion on your face, typically shock or surprise, can supersede the fact that nobody recognizes who you are. Now, the third option for creating this visual stud effect would be to use some visually compelling graphic. essentially some visual that draws attention because of the bright colors or the way it's designed. For example, this video on my channel about psychology, we used a phone graphic, but we put that optical illusion pattern to immediately draw your attention. The fourth thing you could add would be large text, big numbers, or dollars in huge font on the screen. And this works because people's brains are like magnets to words, especially if they're big, round numbers. And of course, I use this tactic all the time in my thumbnails. And you can see a couple examples of that here and here. Now, fifth would be to use red circles or red arrows to literally aim someone's attention for where you want them to look. Sixth would be using aesthetic imagery, something cinematic or super soothing to look at, symmetrical or with balanced colors. I don't typically do this style on my channel, but this guy right here is a master at this type of thumbnail. And seventh would be to use some sort of designbased collage, either words or numbers all around the subject to create that kind of collage effect. And you can see an example of us doing this on our channel where it worked really well. Now, in a second, I'm going to give you a lot more tips about how many of those elements you should use, where you should place them, and how to go about actually designing the thumbnail. But just remember, in step one, all you really need is to create that initial visual stun effect so that they look down at the title. All right, let's keep going. Okay, so step two in the psychology flow is title value hunting. And this is when the viewer goes from the thumbnail down to the title to actively comprehend and try to figure out if this video is going to be valuable for them. Now, I'm not going to go all the way down the rabbit hole into titles in this video because it would just be way too long. But the secret to writing a great title is that you want to create a perceived value loop. A perceived value loop is when the viewer has clarity on the value they will receive if they click and watch. For educational videos, I call this a desire loop. And for entertainment videos, I call this an interest loop. A desire loop is when you use words to trigger a pain point that's preventing a desire they want. Maybe it's money, growth, or followers. An interest loop is when you use words to trigger their curiosity around a question that they have that's unanswered. And this could be broader. What happens next? How might this end? What might this character do? So, let's look at my YouTube script writing video, which has 150,000 views, and kind of break down what we did to create this desire loop. The title for this was how to write a killer script that keeps viewers hooked. And of course, my content is educational, so I'm working with a desire loop instead of an interest loop here. And the desire I'm trying to trigger with this title is reminding you that you want your viewers to watch your stuff for longer. And the title directly triggers that desire by saying the words that keeps viewers hooked. Now, to make sure that I open that desire loop in your mind, I also reference the pain point you have, writing bad scripts, by suggesting a solution that I have, writing killer scripts. And at this point, if the viewer has that desire, getting people to watch and stay watching, and the pain point their scripts aren't that good, they're going to be extremely eager to want to click. And this is just base psychology at the most fundamental level. This whole thumbnail game is just a cat-and- mouse game of desire and trust. Does the viewer desire what you're saying or showing in the title thumbnail? And then, do they trust that you're going to be the one to deliver it based on what you show in the thumbnail? So tactically, if you're trying to increase the chances that the viewer goes from the title back up to the thumbnail and clicks, you need to make sure that title triggers the desire loop that you want to trigger. And we'll dive much deeper into that on a future video on titles specifically. All right. Now, the third step in this psychology flow, visual validation, is really where the thumbnail design really comes into play. Because at this point, the viewer is ready to opt in and they have that written clarity on what the title is saying. So now they're going back to the thumbnail to try to confirm the comprehension of what the image is showing. And this is where we're going to focus on which elements to include, how many you should include, and why. Now, at this point, you'll realize you don't want the thumbnail to repeat what the title is saying directly. And this is because you want to think of the thumbnail as an additional surface that you can add trust and clarity for when they click that they'll get the promise made in the title. So, in this case with my script writing video, I use that squiggly storyline in the background and then the words basically cheating to reinforce the perception that yes, I have a script writing method that feels like cheating that will solve your pain point of writing bad scripts and fulfill the desire you have, which is to keep viewers watching. Now, let's break down the action steps and general guidelines for what you should include in your thumbnail so that you can increase this comprehension moment and get people to click. The first rule is that you want three elements max in the design. There's seven categories, but you only want to use three of them. And this is because thumbnails are actually pretty small when people look at them, especially on mobile. If you use too many small elements, they're not actually going to be able to see or comprehend what they're showing. Now, for me, in my thumbnails, we typically use a picture of me, some text, and then some graphic element. If you're using a face, make sure the emotion on the face matches the emotion that a viewer should feel when they watch the video. This is why the Mr. Beast shock face is so popular. He's trying to subconsciously trigger that you will be shocked if you click and watch. Now, if you use big text on the screen, you need it to complement and reinforce the promise made in the title. And again, for this script writing example, I use the words basically cheating. We could have written something like scriptw writing masterclass, but that would have been redundant to what was communicated already in the title. It's always more powerful to describe the silent feeling or action that someone's going to have versus the redundant descriptor of what's going to go on. This title text plus thumbnail text needs to increase comprehension and trust, not be neutral or decrease it. And then lastly, if you use some graphic or visual element, it needs to be clear what this actually represents. For example, in this thumbnail, we knew the video was going to be about editing, and so we use this arc version of the timeline to represent that visually. All right. Now, before I go on to break down the tactical five-step formula, I just wanted to mention if you're trying to get better with content and you're not currently a member of Wavy World, you definitely should be. Wavy World is my content community with over 19,000 entrepreneurs, creators, and business owners that are all working together to improve their content, and it's completely free to join. I've got an invite link for you in the description. All right, now that we've done a full deep dive on the psychology, I want to break down the tactical five-step playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Hopefully, this will become a checklist and guide every time you make a video. Okay, now step one is the approach. You need to approach making your thumbnail as if it's the most important part of the video. And that's because it is. And Mr. Beast is famous for saying this. If they don't click, they don't watch. And if they don't watch, there's really no point in even making the video in the first place. So, this means you need to be taking a professional approach to making thumbnails. Now, if you're like me and you're a business owner that's trying to take YouTube seriously, that means you should be outsourcing thumbnails immediately. As soon as I realized just how important thumbnails were to winning on YouTube, I hired a pro as fast as I could. If you want the intro to my preferred thumbnail agency, I've got the link below in the description. You could also try to find and hire thumbnail designers directly using sites like onlinejob.ph or ytjob.co or you could go to Upwork. We also have a bunch of thumbnail designers in Wavyworld that are always looking to partner with different creators. But I will say all of those other routes require a bunch of leg work because you have to sort through applications. But regardless of who you find or where you find them, I recommend hiring a thumbnail designer immediately. Now, don't worry if you can't afford to outsource this yet. I've got the full playbook coming right here. All right, so let's move on to step two, the curiosity gap, desire loops, painoint, and solutions. Before you actually break ground on designing the image, you want to ask yourself, what is the desire or interest loop that I'm trying to create with this packaging? Now, for the rest of this video, I'm going to be talking about the playbook from an educational point of view, but the same thing works for entertainment. So, if I was going through this process, I would ask myself, what is the desire loop for this video? And typically for educational content, the core desire is going to be making money, saving time, or getting healthy. And each of these obviously can be achieved in different ways. For my content personally, I'm laser focused on helping business owners improve their content to grow their businesses. And so, the desire loop in my videos is helping people grow faster or make better content. So from there, once you have the desire loop, you then need to identify the specific pain point and solution that makes sense for this specific video. So let's take one of my recent videos as an example to break down this formula. This is a video where I talk about how I went from zero to 100K on YouTube in just 5 months. Now, the pain point I'm targeting for the viewer is I'm growing too slow on YouTube and I want to grow faster. And the solution is I have ways and methods that I use to grow faster that I can share with you. Now, the curiosity loop that I'm trying to build in your brain from this specific packaging is if I click on this video, will I be able to grow faster on YouTube? And of course, the desire loop again is I want to grow faster on YouTube. So, before you actually break ground on the thumbnail and title, you kind of need to have this dialed in your head. And now we can move on to step three, which is concepting the elements and composition of the thumbnail design. Okay, so in step three, we're going to start figuring out the exact elements we want to use and the composition of the image. And now I already talked about those seven core elements and the fact that really you should only use three maxs in your design. And as a reminder, these are the core elements. Faces with emotion, visually compelling graphics, large text numbers or dollars, aesthetic imagery, or maximalist design collages. We also mentioned red circles and arrows and color contrast. But those two things can kind of be used in conjunction with the first five elements because they're more complimentary. So, when you're coming up with a concept for your thumbnails, I recommend coming up with the elements first and then you can figure out the composition for layout in a minute. Now, I'll explain more specific tactics on how to make each of those better in a second. But just at this stage in step three, you're just concepting and sketching to try to get a sense for what those elements could be. This is the measure twice, cut once of the design process. What we like to do is make a list of the full graphic items or text phrases that we might be able to use just so we have options to pull from. Now, once you have that list and kind of a sense for what those elements could be, the next thing you want to figure out is the composition of those elements on the page. And again, we haven't designed them yet. This is just a lowquality sketch with pencil that takes a few seconds, but just to try to lay it out in your head for what it might look like. Now, for composition inspiration, essentially what the image could look like, it's usually helpful to look at other competition in your niche that has done well. And you can do that with one of 10 or Vid IQ. There are typically three main types of composition. The first one is symmetrical where the main subject is in the middle and then either side is relatively the same. The second is asymmetrical where based on the rule of thirds the main subject is either a third on the left or right and then you fill out the remainder of the image. And the third composition is AB where the screen is actually split into two and you're showing a transformation from A to B. And I've had success with all three composition types on my channel. It just depends on what the specific design calls for and what we're trying to get across. Okay, so that was step three. You've brainstormed and ideulated what some of the right elements and text items could be. You've sketched the composition and you have a general sense for what the image should look like. All right. Now, step four is to actually design the full image. And I'm not a pro graphic designer. That's why I partnered with a thumbnail expert. But here are some specific tips for how to increase the effectiveness of your thumbnail design. Overall, you want all of the graphic elements as high quality as you can possibly get them. You want the text easy to read and everything well spaced so it doesn't look too crowded. Make sure to apply saturation or color adjustments so that things look brighter versus duller. If you need to upscale an image because it's too grainy at the size you're dragging it, I like to use magnific.ai. Now, if you're using a visual graphic as one of your three elements, you want it to be something that immediately represents the desire loop. And the desire loop is basically the transformation that somebody wants. So, there are four simple ways you can think about what that graphic could be. And I'm going to show you each one using a thumbnail from Ali Abdal. The first option is to show the end state of what someone wants. This could be like a PayPal screenshot showing the dollars earned in their account. The second option is to show some visual from a process or visualize the full process that they would go through in the transformation. The third option is to literally show the before and after. And this works really well with the split screen or an arrow from one to the other. And then the fourth option would be to use a graphic to show the anti-transformation state or the pain point. Remind them of the pain that you're helping them solve. So that's for the graphic. Now, when it comes to selecting the text that goes on the screen with the graphic, you want the person to read the text and immediately remember either the pain that they feel or the solution that they'll solve after they watch. And these are basically two sides of the same psychology coin. So, for this thumbnail I just showed you, Ali uses the word alone to re-trigger the pain that it feels like when you're lonely. But for this one, he references the 108010 rule, which is a specific solution for managing your time. So, that's the text on the screen. Now, when it comes to picking an image or a person, try this. If your video actually talks about some celebrity or personal brand, consider using them in the thumbnail. And this is because known figures with personal brands have words or terms that are already attached when you see their faces. It's like increased comprehension when you see them. But don't use someone that doesn't represent the desire loop you're communicating in the title, or it may backfire. Now, if your video doesn't really reference anyone in your category, you could consider using yourself as the subject or face in the thumbnail. However, like I said before, if nobody knows you, this could backfire as a risk because they'll decide they don't trust you because they don't know you. Often times, if you're newer, it could be better not to use a face than to use one that's pretty unknown. Of course, the design part of this process takes a long time and a lot of reps get good at, which is why outsourcing to a professional is recommended. Now, just to give you one more example of my own videos breaking down the final design, here's what we were thinking through when we made the thumbnail for this video. Again, this is the one about my YouTube growth. So, for this one, the elements we used were a picture of me smiling, the YouTube plaque, and then text that said, "I did it in 5 months." Now, the reason we used me smiling in the photo is because we wanted to symbolize the feeling that a viewer would feel if they got their channel to grow faster, happy. And the text is pretty basic, but we underlined the number five to emphasize how fast the speed was. And then we included the YouTube plaque because that plaque is a representation for success on YouTube. All these elements were selected intentionally to trigger the desire loop of someone wanting to grow faster on YouTube. All right. Now, step five, the last step in the process is testing. Once you have the thumbnail designed, you should use something like clickpilot.app to see how it'll look in the explore feed or in the sidebar. This software also lets you pick specific channels that you want to test your thumbnails against that are often competitors that will come up in other viewers feeds. And lastly, and this is super important, you should not leave your video's performance up to chance with just a single thumbnail. And I know it's going to sound crazy after all the work you just did, but you really should be testing with at least three thumbnails. The biggest channels in the world run dozens of thumbnails against each other for every single video. Steven Bartlett apparently tests a hundred different thumbnails for every video of Diver CEO that he puts out. And just to be transparent about what actually goes on behind the scenes, for this video, zero to 100K on YouTube, we made seven different thumbnail designs, and we ABC tested the best three. We like to use YouTube's native ABC test tool, but if you want to get crazier with more options and title combinations, you can use thumbnailest.com to do that. Because the truth is, even though we were pretty sure we knew what would work in the thumbnail, we didn't want to leave it up to chance. And so that's why we pick three options and let the market decide. All right, so there you have it. That is the five-step tactical playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Step one is the approach. Step two is to define what that desire loop is. Step three is concepting. Step four is the design. And then step five is testing. Now, before I end this video, I just want to rapid fire a bunch of non-obvious and tactical learnings that we've picked up over the last couple months really honing in our thumbnail process. Number one is to use green and red as colors to explain good and bad. Any other colors are not going to be as helpful because the comprehension is not baked in automatically. Number two, do not use a design element that gets covered up in the bottom right corner. If you look at your channel, you'll see the timestamp of all the videos overlaid here. And if that blocks a certain word, like it's doing on this video, it can be harder to understand what's going on in the thumbnail. Number three, if you want to make it easier for your thumbnail designer to make a ton of variations with high quality imagery, you should have one photo shoot session, take your camera on 4K or record a video at 4K 60 frames per second and make a ton of different poses. Here's what I recommend. Varying emotions, happy, sad, surprised, shocked, pointing up with the right hand, up with the left hand, down with the right hand, down with the left hand, open hand, closed hand, a bunch of different poses. It'll look crazy and seem insane for 5 to 10 minutes. Do this and then give them that file. All of a sudden, they'll have tons of different pictures to choose from and you'll never have to photoshoot again. Number four, I've mentioned a bunch of times in this video, but just to reiterate, the emotion on the face in the thumbnail is actually a great way to subconsciously skew what the promise will be to the viewer. So, make sure you're using the right emotion and you're taking enough photos to give your thumbnail designer options. Number five, don't use design elements that are too small. Imagine your thumbnail shown as 1/16th on a iPhone 6 screen. This tiny little screen, tiny little image, don't make design elements too small. Make sure they're big and only include three in the frame. Number six, if you're struggling to create separation between you as your face and the background or text in the background, use shadows. Shadows and shading are a great way to create visual separation. Number seven is about clickbait. Everybody says you don't want to clickbait. That's completely false. You 100% want to bait the click. That is your job with the thumbnail. But clickbait is only clickbait when the content doesn't match the promise. If the content is good, then baiting the click is simply required to get people to watch. Number eight is about building a thumbnail swipe file. A good way to dial in your style over time is to just have a folder on your computer where anytime you see an interesting thumbnail, screenshot and dump it in. You can share that folder with your thumbnail designer and they can use that as a starter for ideas. You can also go on one of 10 and Vid IQ and use their thumbnail features to save these as well. And the last tip, and I'll say it again because it's so important, do not wait until the last hour to rush and try to throw together a thumbnail before you post a video. You're doing things in the wrong order. If people don't click, they won't watch. And then making the video is really worthless if you can't get them to click. This means you either need to start your process making the thumbnail or at least have a really good idea for it or hire a professional to do this for you. Like I said, the way I do this on my channel to make it completely stress free is I have an ideas team that comes up with the ideas, comes up with the titles, comes up with a thumbnail design, and then I hand that dock to my thumbnail designer who will design seven options, and we can pressure test three. If you want intros to both of those parties, I've got links below. All right, guys, that is all I've got for this video, and we covered a ton of ground. As a summary, first, we went through the psychology flow of a viewer on YouTube and how they decide which video to click on. We also broke down the seven different visual elements that you can use to create that visual stun gun effect. Then we walked through the five-step tactical thumbnail playbook that you can use as a checklist and a guide moving forward for every video. And lastly, we covered nine non-obvious tactical tips, little things here and there that would just boost your performance over time. As always, I try to put everything I have into making the best videos in the content creation space. So, if you like this, please like, subscribe, leave a comment, and let me know what you want to watch next. And also in the description, I have so many other free resources and guides. I really just want to see more people win. So check those out and we will see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [6 likes]: Work with me (to grow on YouTube): https://kallaway.co/youtubeacademy
  2. @miryanski [3 likes]: I actually clicked on this video solely by looking at the thumbnail.
  3. @zeezypher [1 likes]: 21:47 thanks so much for explaining this. I tried adding my face to some of my thumbnails and my CTR just tanked almost immediately
  4. @kypaintster [1 likes]: Thanks,  Very Helpful!
  5. @HiddenEarth-map [1 likes]: This is very helpfull thanks
  6. @emmericdupreez: Best video to date on this topic! Thank you and well done🎉
  7. @Cooldowns9527: Well done with the video, man. It's very helpful and pleasant to watch.
  8. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Thumbnail wins usually come from one readable focal point. I’d keep it to one subject, one emotion, and one clear promise at a small size.
  9. @MAKOTO_SHISHIO: I really enjoy this guy's videos—they're amazing, seriously.
  10. @IgnacioHerraezGonzalez: Such an amazing video mate. Congratulations!
  11. @FinancialFreedom101-k5u: He is moving his hands more than necessary, expressions also too much 😅
  12. @Kenny-Ross: Hands down the best video on how to create professional click-worthy thumbnails. I love when information is delivered in an organized and detailed manner. The presentation of everything was excellent! Thank you Kallaway! 🫵
  13. @adamitasargore7817: thank you!!
  14. @Viitorvoiceworld: really helpful, thx
  15. @SabrinaFecteau-f8s: Thank you.
  16. @Hggg-q7q: This video is actually more then a paid course. Thanks bro❤
  17. @reshmathakur4167: Please make a video on how to make a title
  18. @Alex-dk4px: Too much UNORGANIC hand movement.
  19. @iconxxxxx: @kallawaymarketing Please, which app or software do You use to create thumbnails?
  20. @chelseaaariyanna: I definitely need to work on my thumbnails nd working on a cohesive flow for channel recognition

- Clickbait and Virality: The Origin Story | Tim Wu | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en So there’s a fellow named Jonah Peretti who is somewhat famous as the founder of BuzzFeed whose role in inventing virality or pushing virality in click bait has an important role in our present. Jonah was a graduate student in the early 2000’s at MIT’s media laboratories and he had this amusing situation where he ordered a pair of Nike shoes from the custom Nike shoe shop. And then they said well what do you want to – you’re able to put whatever you want on it. And he wrote sweatshop because he wanted that. And Nike wrote him back and said well you can’t use sweatshop. It’s an inappropriate slang. And he said that’s not inappropriate slang by the law, it’s a real word and so forth. So then they just canceled is order and he said can you send me a photo of the Vietnamese girl, ten-year-old, who’s making my shoes. So he did this little exchange but what’s interesting, it’s kind of amusing is he put this email on a website and then it became shared and then was shared and was shared and then shared. And it was not the first but an early version of what we now call virality, you know, some piece of content goes crazy. And suddenly I talked to him about it and he said suddenly I was on the media everywhere and they were asking me about sweatshops. I was like well I don’t really know about sweatshops. But this thing happened and it sort of fascinated him and he thought well here’s a new way of distributing content. It’s not broadcasting where you reach millions of people at once. It’s through sharing and through virality. And all of Peretti’s career from that point forward can kind of be understood as an effort to recapture that lightening in a bottle. So he was one of the cofounders of the Huffington Post in the mid-2000’s and the Huffington Post, you know, it had a website but was also trying to create stuff that could be shared and shared and shared. And later on he founded BuzzFeed. The point of BuzzFeed in some sense was to master the art and science of virality, to master the shareable click. And I think in some ways while that’s sort of a fascinating project not necessarily one of the ones that’s been the greatest for our culture. But anyway what he did at BuzzFeed was very systematically try and understand what kind of stuff will inspire you first of all to click on it and then next to share it with your friends. And he found out that, for example, cats are very effective. He found out that there are these categories like oh my god or embarrassing or hilarious or gifs or whatever. So that was BuzzFeed’s entire model was to try to distribute stuff horizontally so to speak. I think some of these ideas of what we call click bait are in other ways as old as the hills. I mean I was rereading some of the Penny Press headlines in the 1830’s, you know, more than 100 years ago, almost 200 years ago. And they’re stories of suicide, stories of divorces, crazy things with headlines that get you immediately interested. So it’s older than click bait. It’s about enticing headlines and that’s been going on for a long time. Some of these appeal – some of the question of why these things are appealing is a question that is more about biology than culture I think. There is a natural reaction we have to certain things – death, sex, violence, enormous monsters. One of the things I did looking at this book, while researching this book I spent a lot of time looking at successful propaganda posters and the kind of things that activate almost involuntarily our attention. And they’re the same thing. They’re great muscular heroes, terrifying monsters, women in distress, enticing food items. It gets back to like what we are as creatures as to what attracts us. And why shouldn’t it be that way. I mean in the wild – I’m not a biologist but you can imagine the utility if you see something that looks like food that’s going to get your attention. Or if you see something that looks like danger well you’ve got to react. And so these modern day click bait things are getting at very basic principles of our neurobiology that are there for a reason. Now they didn’t used to be to try to sell us stuff or get us to click on things but they’re certainly in our biology for a reason.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Axle-F [28 likes]: Alternative title: 
Did Buzzfeed ruin the internet? You won't believe what this author has to say!
  2. @chescarino [11 likes]: did this guy start the wu tang clan?
  3. @Dexios_Divine [9 likes]: Fuck him for making click bait so damn common
  4. @sparkcrushervcm [4 likes]: I want to share this, but now I feel weird about it.
  5. @eastgreenlander5016 [4 likes]: Just found out that I am no better then the cat panicking over a cucumber
  6. @DanielRenardAnimation [3 likes]: BUT!! Who's the ass-hat that started- or at least popularized utilizing Pointless Red Circles in clickbait thumbnails?
I want time machines to be real and invented within my lifetime so I can go back in time, find this person before has a chance to even think about sifting through shape-tools in his image editing software, run up to this person and launch my foot straight into his [insert Pointless Red Circle]
  7. @thrillscience [2 likes]: He can't subtract 1830 from 2016 in his head! (It's 186 years ago)
  8. @Abaris84 [1 likes]: Clickbait in the title! - Unsubbed
  9. @ilhamonytube [1 likes]: In conclusion: "I really want people to realize how stupid buzzfeed is but sadly I don't know how."
Don't get me wrong. I unsubbed from most buzzfeed channels except Buzzfeed Celeb and Tasty. Tasty is probably the best channel associated to buzzfeed.
  10. @macforme: does this count as clickbait? I didn't see any cats except in the thrumnail frame!!  jk... great video, thank you.
  11. @Rootkhaos: Wait, so my sauna and cursing on finnish isn't clickbait?!? How wrong one can be T___T
  12. @ShahinErian: ISIS>BUZZFEED
  13. @ThrottleKitty: Wait... so he re-read the news paper from the 1800s?
So he was there reading it in the first place, or did he just randomly read a bunch of newspapers from the 1800s for no reason before..?
  14. @xananacs: I don't think it has anything to do with biology. There's a conflation of concepts here. The idea that we're interested in good looking food, or boobies, because we're biologically wired to do so is I think, a viable hypothesis. It could explain why I would glance for half a second, entirely involuntarily, at a picture of a naked chick despite theoretical disinterest in things that try to sell me stupid articles with a sex bait. However, the next steps, which are: 1, take interest (have a second glance), 2, share to other people, are, I'd say wholly cultural and entirely related to status and what social image we want to reflect. I never share anything, clickbait is almost invisible to me, as it is for my whole group (real life friends and internet communities). I don't pretend I'm representative, but I do think it does mean there isn't anything inherently compelling about sharing clickbait.
  15. @MrLunithy: The Origin Story .... yeah fucking EA shit.........
  16. @matthewgillaspy01: cats are a thing because too many people have the brain parasite from rats that makes their host seek out cats to be eaten.  Its a real thing, this is clear evidence of it effecting the population.
  17. @marcellussingh5335: https://gofundme.com/help-me-help-mocha
  18. @thstroyur: So, food death sex = biology; develop on the biology of lolcats? If cat media competes against dog and baby media, who's gonna win? (Think hard if you're a parent.)
  19. @littlesometin: Is it so hard to conclude that it is not ok to use people this way? Why the moral relativism, ugh...
  20. @rochat: Taken for justice.

- I BLEW UP a YouTube Channel in 24 Hours with AI: Kind: captions Language: en This is my AI YouTube channel that I blew up in 7 days, and I want you to start doing the same, but even faster. So, in this video, I'm going to start a brand new YouTube channel and run it for 24 hours with AI so you can replicate my actions to get similar results. But for this to happen, we need to start right now. Hour one, selecting the niche. We are going to be taking inspiration from this channel here, Rosen. Across 29 uploads, they have gained over 250 million views and their first upload was only 3 months ago. If you are wondering how much this all means in terms of a financial return, this channel would have made $50,000 USD, which means that this channel is earning $16,000 per month. So, as you can understand, this is why we are taking this channel as our inspiration. What this channel is uploading though are these obsessive food procedures that are incredibly timeconuming. As you are watching this back though, you are probably thinking, Jack, this is food content that requires extreme effort and financial investment. And that's what I first thought when I saw this content too. But after further investigation, this content is being created with AI. If you pay close attention to certain parts of some videos, there are small errors that would not occur if it was a real recording, like this part here, where there is clearly an issue with the ruler and there is a face on the chopping board. At the time when I made this realization, I still had my doubts because no one in the comments was making any remarks about the content being AI. So, I had to test it out for myself. Here is my 10-second attempt at this content. Today we turn this piece of meat into an iPhone 17 Pro Max case. First, I trim the steak to exactly 1 millm in width. It's realistic, right? And just like the example channel. Besides this test though, this is not how we are going to approach this. What creators usually do when they see a channel like this is to just replicate the content. But that is the fastest way to get no results because YouTube does not reward duplicates of existing channels. So what I am going to do to avoid this is study this content. So there I went into flow state to analyze the content. I first started out by opening a word document and noted down the title of the most popular video on the channel, the amount of views it had, and for each scene, I noted down certain details such as the duration of each scene, a description of what happened visually, the script, and a screenshot of the scene. Laying out the video like this in a structured way forces you to really pay attention to how these videos are being created, which will allow us to replicate the source that are within these viral videos. And I repeated this process for the three most popular videos on the channel to increase our sample size. And after 18 minutes of repetitive work, the document was complete. So I have mapped out how I think these videos are being created. And to help you understand, let's break down this one here with 35 million views. The video starts with a declaration. >> Today we are pinching 99,099 broccoli fuettes, >> which is what we are going to call the declare phase. Then the creator moves into an assessment phase, such as in this video, the fuettes are inspected and measured. Next comes what I like to call the isolate phase where in this video each fuette is opened and a single pinch of salt is inserted one by one. After that there's usually a time lapse of some intricate process which we are going to call the process phase and typically there is a build phase where all the parts come together quickly and finally the reveal phase of the finished product. And we can visually represent this structure on a graph that looks like this. And this is what we're going to call the general formula of the Brazen channel. And what I think we can do with this structure that is proven with over 250 million views is that we can apply it to a different topic to create our own niche that has no competition. But we do have to be careful here. Brazen's channel does satisfy three criterias that allows his content to perform so well. And we must ensure that our new topic does satisfy each of these criterias. for criteria. One, the content has to be universally relatable. Broen makes videos about food. There's no niche knowledge or specific interest required to understand that. It's a matter of everyday life. And that's one of the reasons why his videos get so many views. It's instantly understandable and accessible for everyone. Criteria two, there needs to be an emotional hook. Remember those comments that I was showing you? Everyone is calling the creator insane for spending so much time on this. The viewer sees an irrational amount of effort for a pointless outcome and they cannot look away. And in the case of Brazen, he is triggering an emotion of absurdity. So whatever topic we decide on, there needs to be some type of emotional hook. Finally, for criteria 3, completion compulsion. As you know, in the hook of the videos, the creator gives a declaration and viewers want to see that followed through and completed. That's why retention on these videos would be so high. and another reason for the channel's success. So now with these criterias identified, it begs the question of what exactly are we going to select as our topic and we are in luck because I've been thinking about this. For as long as I can remember, I have seen many pet videos perform extremely well because it's a highly relatable topic. Now I have brainstormed about how we could further shape this idea to fulfill the remaining two criterias. And what I think we can do is create an AI pet salon where pets will come to us dirty and then leave completely transformed which does fulfill our completion compulsion criteria and fulfills our emotional hook because we will go to extreme lengths in the grooming process to create an absurdity emotion with the criteria fulfilled. I think there is no reason why we won't get crazy results. Of course, this is dependent on if we can get good outputs using AI because I don't have the funds to invest in a real pencilon, nor do we have the time because we only have 24 hours here. So, I do view this process as slightly problematic. But let's find out whether we can do this together. Channel setup. This is the YouTube channel that we will be using to upload our videos on. If I click on the more section, you will notice that the account was created 7 months ago. If you want to get started on YouTube and start uploading, I do recommend having an account that is at least 7 days old and has some watch history. If you don't do this, YouTube will think your account is spam and you'll have no chance at getting views. Anyway, coming back to our channel, you will notice that we do have a randomly generated username. What I'm going to do is just come into customize channel here and we are going to change firstly the name. I don't really know what to call it. So, I'm going to come up here and go to chatbt. I'm just going to feed it a simple description of what our channel is about and then ask it for a name suggestion. Let's see what it gives back. So, we got quite a few results here, but immediately what stuck out to me was this concept here of street dog salon. Let's copy it and come back over to YouTube and see if it does give us the option. And it's not available. What I like to do if the name is not available is just add a real at the end. And that is available. Let's roll with that. Okay, so our channel name is set up. Let's move on to our channel asset. Starting off with the profile picture. I decided to use an AI image generator called Higsfield. All I did was type out an image prompt and click generate. The image that I decided to create was this, which was dirty fur on the left and then clean fur on the right. With that image downloaded, I went back over to our channel and uploaded the profile picture. And after 4 minutes, the channel was ready. Okay, so the channel is now set up. And if you look from my background, you will notice that there is no channel banner. We only have a profile picture set up. And the reason why I did this is simple. It doesn't affect how many views we get. And we want to be focusing on views for our YouTube channel because that's how we get paid. So let's continue with what actually matters. I moved into the most important stage of a YouTube channel, video ideation. Because at the end of the day, the videos you upload determine how many views you get. Your niche only gives you direction. So before creating any video, I spend 11 minutes simply generating the video idea. So that is the ideation complete and I did do it based on my intuition rather than research. At a high level, what made sense to me was that we do start with a scruffy dog. Then we conduct an assessment where we measure the fur length and the dirt coverage. From there, we go into an isolate phase where the dog is placed in a bath and each tangle is cleaned one by one using a vacuum. Then for the process phase, it would be conditioning and a therapeutic massage. After that, we'd go into the build phase where we blow dry the hair and cut the fur to exact measurements using instruments. And finally moving into the reveal phase where it would be the final transformation. That is the general idea that I do have for our first video. And for it to move forward from here, we do need to write a script and then generate the video using AI. To help us do this, I did more digging into the word document that we made earlier by pasting it into ChachiPT. I did prompt it to help us understand the scripting techniques, the average cuts per phase, and scene durations. This resulted in the following information and it does extend upon our initial general structure and we're going to call this the phase breakdown. It essentially is acting as a structure for each phase where we have the duration of each phase, how many scenes there are and finally a script formula. I hope that you can see that when you do approach YouTube like this, you are leaving nothing up to luck because it's all based on proven videos that have millions of views. Obviously, all of this is still at a high level, but we do want to keep it moving from this point so we do not get stuck in analysis paralysis. Hour two, video creation. It's time to bring the video that we came up with to life. And we aren't going to mess around. I first began by copying out our structure into Chachi PT for each phase along with the general scripting structure that we found. And I asked it to generate a script. And the one we got back was not perfect by any means. Even if you provide AI a lot of information, you need to remember that it has no experience at running YouTube channels. So, you should never rely upon it. So, I did make many adjustments to it to improve the flow and better align it to the Brazen phases. It was then time to make the video using Higsfield. I went to the image tab, clicked create image, and we needed an image prompt, which goes in this box here. So, I went over to ChachiBT and gave it a simple description of what I wanted. For example, for our first image, I wanted to create a dog saloon environment that didn't look perfect, had good lighting, and had no dogs visible because at this stage, I'm just building up our scene. Once we got the first prompt back, I copied it over to Higsfield and pressed generate. And after 30 seconds, we had the image back. So, this is how the dog salon is going to look. Higsfield did a great job at generating this image based on the image prompt that we gave it. We are going to use this image going forward whenever we create an image within our salon by pressing this reference image button down here. It's important to build up your AI scenes just like I'm doing here because it will allow you to reach consistency with your AI videos. So, with our reference image out the way, it was on to creating our first image for the video. And of course, we needed a dog. So, I went over to Google images and found this image of a scruffy dog. And it became our second reference image. And I followed the same process as before, generating the image prompt using Chachi BT and then pressing generate. And finally, we had our first image for our video, which I was quite happy with. He's pretty He looks pretty cute. I think I think we need to give him a name together. I don't know what we would call him, though. No more messing around, though. I got straight back into it. I pressed the animate button, and it took us to Higsfield video generator. I just gave it a simple video prompt to have the dog moving and looking around and after 30 seconds the first video was generated. I was not completely satisfied with the result though as it was quite basic and for it to be one of the first three scenes in our video it had to be perfect. So I decided to work on our first image a little more. I had an idea to turn our first image into a Polaroid with the word before at the bottom and then recreate our first image with two gloved hands holding up the Polaroid. I then turned this image into a video and then got it back. So, second attempt done at the first video and I'm much more impressed with this level of quality. It looks so much better and there's so much to focus on. I guess with our first image, we just didn't put enough love into it. Also, with this before Polaroid idea, I think that at the end of the video, we can compare this before image with the completed dog transformation. I think that's going to be a pretty cool idea and a better way to feed into the completion compulsion criteria. At least, I think that it's a good idea, but let's see if it actually turns out well. So, with that out the way, I repeated the same process as you saw, generating the images and videos for each phase of the video. It was then time to bring all the generations together using my editor of choice, Premiier Pro. Before continuing though, I did need a voice over. So, I did go to Higsfield voice over feature to generate all the voiceovers. After they were complete, I downloaded them and dragged them into my timeline. I removed all the dead air in the voice over and then synced up the clips to the videos. Background music was then added and finally captions were generated and sized leaving a total of 2 hours and 3 minutes of work completed. So that's the video completed. I definitely spent a little too long on that and I did go overboard, but let me show you what we were able to create. And here we go. Starting off with the declare phase where we make our declaration. Next, we move into the assessment phase where we are measuring the fur length one by one. And if we skip forward a bit, we eventually get into the isolate phase where the dog is placed into a bath and each tangle is cleaned one by one using a water vacuum. Skipping forward a bit, we eventually get into the process phase where we are conditioning and massaging the dog. Skipping forward a bit once again, we eventually get into the build phase where we are doing those final trims using instruments. And after this, we get into the final reveal where we did come up with the Polaroid idea where we have that before and after Polaroid comparing the final product. And if we keep going, we finally get into that pinboard idea that we came up with. So that is the video completed and I'm very impressed with what AI was able to do for us. We are going to upload this video and put it to the test now. But if you do want access to the same image and video generator that I did use in this video, you can sign up to Higsfield using my link down below. I am sponsored by Higsfield, but I can honestly say they are my go-to AI image and video generator when creating AI videos. But let's continue with uploading the video. Hour, upload time. It's time to put everything we've done to the test and upload our video. For our video title, we are going to take inspiration from Brazen. And based on what we studied before, his titles usually follow the following formula. So now what I'm going to do is replace these words with what's relevant to us. Now what I also like to do with my titles is add two emojis. For descriptions, again, what I've done is just take an inspiration from Brazen. And then at the bottom here, we're just going to add three different hashtags. Okay, our title and description are sorted. Let's scroll down here. We always want to select that this content is not made for kids so we don't end up on YouTube kids. For all of these other settings here, there's nothing else that we need to select. And for tags, I'm just going to add some that are relevant. Okay, so it looks good to go. Let's publish this video. Okay, video is now published. But there is one last thing that we want to do. Something that I have noticed about Brazen's channel is that he is setting custom thumbnails. That is why his channel looks so clean among all of his uploads. And right now if you look at ours, it's a bit ugly. I did not mention this to you, but while creating our video, I did create a thumbnail using Photoshop. And if I come to our video file here, you will see that I did set it as our first frame. For setting custom thumbnails on YouTube shorts, for some reason, you can only do it from your mobile phone. So, I'm going to come into my phone here and select my YouTube app, then come to our channel, and then we can see our first video there with the ugly thumbnail. I'm going to press those three buttons, then press edit, and then press this pencil in the top left, and then because it's our first frame, all we need to do is just press the tick button, and then save. And then if we come to our computer here and refresh, the thumbnail has now updated, and it looks so much more clean. To be honest though, even though we did this, it probably won't affect how many views we get on our video. It's more so if YouTube starts to serve this video on the YouTube homepage, and I really hope it does because we only have 24 hours to make this work. But for now, let's sit back and see how this video performs. Hour 12. After taking a break across the afternoon, it was onto another phase of ideation for a second video. for our video structure. This time, I decided to replace the dog with a cat because I really wanted to lean further into the absurdity angle for our second video. And this new structure does because cats don't get groomed as often as dogs. With the video ideation complete for the second video, I went back over to Higsfield to start creating the second video. And during this time, I did have a first look at our analytics. So, we are currently undergoing our first push from YouTube and you can see that it's a straight line upwards. I do expect that this line does start to flatten out as it already is because this is our first push. When your channel is new and you start posting YouTube shorts, it's very common for YouTube to do test pushes just like the one we are experiencing now. And during these pushes, YouTube begins to understand one, who is interacting best with your content, and two, testing your short to see how well it performs against that audience. And we can get an early insight into how good it is performing by coming out to our dashboard here and looking at this metric here of average percentage viewed. It is equal to 82%. And considering our video length is 59 seconds, that is very strong. I am going to continue making our second video here though because it will allow us to have another upload ready if this video does not continue performing like we expect. After that quick check-in, I got straight back to creating our second video using Higsfield. After doing all the generations and editing the video just as before, the second video was finally completed after 2 hours and 4 minutes. Hour 20. It's now the next morning after finishing our second video and we have not uploaded it yet because we do not want to overwhelm the algorithm. We want to give it one thing to focus on. I have not checked out the analytics just yet though. But one good sign already is that we do have channel notifications which means either one people are commenting or two they are subscribing. And let's click this bell notification to find out. And it's three subscribers. That's not too bad. I would have preferred comments, but let's come up here to our channel profile picture and then press YouTube Studio and 14,000 views. Fantastic. More importantly though, our average percentage viewed is 88%. That is a 6% increase from yesterday, which means that as YouTube is continuing to push this video, it's performing even better, which is a very strong signal to YouTube to keep pushing this video. As for our channel subscribers, we are at 18, which is great. But one thing that I do want to see coming into the next 24 hours is to see some channel comments come through because that is a really good indication that people enjoy your content. But with this out the way, let's head into our video analytics and get a deeper look. Okay, very interesting pushes here. So, most importantly, that first push that we were analyzing last night to around 1,000 views looks very small in comparison to the other pushes that we got. We did get this larger push here at around 5 hours and then another push at around 7 hours and then now we are continually being pushed into the algorithm every hour leaving us at 14,500 views. I know that we are only at 14,000 views but in my opinion since we are continually being pushed and our retention continues to increase it looks like that this is only the beginning for Street Dog Salon hour 27. As you can see, it's slowing down, which wasn't expected. YouTube can be an emotional roller coaster where things can be going perfectly, but then all of a sudden it just doesn't continue as expected. It is important for us to stay level-headed though because fundamentally our stats remain almost perfect. We have also reached 30 subscribers now, but still no comments, which is not ideal. Our like to dislike ratio remains healthy, but yeah, not much else we can do right now but remain positive. I am still holding off our second upload here just because I do need to see at least 12 hours of a continual flatline before we upload our second video. It has been just under 12 hours since we spoke last and I did have a peek at that analytics and I'm not going to lie, it might shock you just like it did myself. And drum roll please, 300,000 views. Insane, right? It seems that after flatlining for a while, we got pushed very aggressively and it seems like it's not going to slow down anytime soon. Usually, I don't see results as fast as this because I usually select niches with low universal relatability. Regardless of all this though, we are still seeing a very strong continued average percentage viewed rate of 85%. It has slowed down by around 3%, but that's to be expected considering how hard YouTube has pushed this video. One elephant in the room though is that we have seen a massive increase in subscribers to 730. And more importantly, we have finally got 22 comments. We are still unable to see a very important metric called swipe rate, which usually sits in this box here. And this metric does refer to how many people stay watching our video past the first 3 seconds. But considering how hard we are being pushed, I assume it's very high. Overall though, I am so proud of what we were able to achieve here with just one upload. I will update you tomorrow. Jack Craig Coaching. If you want to start your own YouTube channel that generates you an income, you can get access to my private coaching. Inside my coaching, I take you through the same process that you see in my videos for either long- form or short form content. I help you develop your own niche that is built for growth and guide you through the ideation and execution of every video you upload. Because my coaching programs are highly personalized and hands-on, I can only work with a few people per month. Using my website that is linked below, you can learn more about my coaching and apply. And as you would expect with me, I have verifiable results that my coaching actually works across both video and written testimonials. Hour, final update. So, it's hour 48 and we are now at 700,000 views. Well, to be specific, 694,000. Our average percentage view did drop by around 18% which is not ideal, but it doesn't matter because we have 700,000 views in the last 48 hours. So things did go better than expected, even to the point where it still doesn't make sense to upload our second video because we are still being pushed. We aren't seeing nearly as high viewership per hour compared to 12 hours ago, but it is still substantial at around 10,000 views per hour. And finally, we did hit 2,000 subscribers. This is our live view count. Let's see together whether we can see an increase. There we go. almost perfectly when I said it. But I do want you to realize what occurred here though. Over the last 48 hours on a random weekday, we were able to start a YouTube channel that could very well go on to continue to earn thousands of dollars per month, just like our inspiration channel, Brazen. And yes, this content would be monetizable. A lot of creators on this platform do spread misinformation and fearonger about whether AI content is monetizable or not simply for views. To explain the facts to you though, YouTube did introduce a policy called inauthentic content which does target AI content but not the content that we have created here today. What they specifically don't monetize is one content that has minimal variation across uploads or two content that is easily replicable at scale. As you have seen today, the process that we follow is very manual and there is a large human element involved. And I think that we need a definition when we create AI content in this way. Perhaps something like AI enabled content. And the definition would be content in which artificial intelligence serves as an extension of human creative vision producing outcomes that would not be feasible through traditional means. And this is very different from AI slop. And if you are still concerned about YouTube's stance on AI, YouTube has been pushing creators to use their AI through the YouTube Create app. And if you go through with it by providing a video prompt, then wait for it to generate, they do immediately offer you to upload that AI video straight onto their platform. So, if that's not evidence that YouTube wants you to create AI content, I don't know what is. If you want to be at the front of this new era of content creation and want my help in doing so, you can get access to my private coaching using the link below, where I do help creators of all levels start their own profitable YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jack_craig [95 likes]: If you want my help starting your own YouTube channel, apply here: https://jackcraigcoaching.com/
  2. @PixelMoon-v9p [3 likes]: 23 yesterday. 53 today. 📈
  3. @punk._editz [2 likes]: Can you do all this from my phone or do I need a laptop
  4. @the_calmverse_official [1 likes]: Oooh god, that signle video reach 1M views and 10K subscribers. Thats insane man! You made my day
  5. @haydni [1 likes]: Is this still untapped territory or is it oversaturated already?
  6. @QiroRevealIt [1 likes]: I started a channel yesterday and all i got was 25 views 😢
  7. @DoggoDoesStuff: Nice video!! just wondering what mic you use?
  8. @Franky-w1e: But Bruhzen is not monazited:face-fuchsia-tongue-out:

???
  9. @Piraneous: Amazing and sad at how well you can do with AI crap.  But seriously don’t too much AI shit on the internet already. Don’t need to be encouraging its proliferation
  10. @PASALUVisuals: Super cool fam
  11. @jankoee: Yeah let everybody create more AI bullshit...
  12. @Lenosun: Youtube used to be about cool stuff. Now you scroll 10 vids and 10 shorts just to see the same subtitled AI slop
  13. @SwapanKumar: People underestimate how powerful distribution, packaging and consistency are on YouTube right now. AI can speed up creation, but the real skill is still understanding what makes people click and watch till the end.
  14. @hoodrich.8: very informative
  15. @siahbod-j3m: Nice
  16. @cartoon_plateform: HIGGSFIELD IS PAID BROTHERR  !!!!!!!
  17. @junaidkhoda: Very useful video
  18. @Itrawalk: how to you find these channels ?
  19. @worthforwatch: I joined from your link but, How to get the prompts Images and videos?
  20. @HorrorAnime: I thought YouTube won’t pay you for AI videos. Like monetized.

- How to Survive Being a Small YouTube Channel (The Truth About Growth): Kind: captions Language: en every day thousands of small YouTube creators give up most creators quit before making it to video 20 because the truth is YouTube takes time it needs more data than you realize and in that time it's easy to get discouraged to compare yourself to others and to stress about your circumstances I'm going to explain the invisible growth phase that happens before every Channel's break through and how to survive it I've been through this moment several times and it never gets easy let's talk about why you shouldn't quit I said this in a video a while back and it's proven to be more true than I ever realized you see success on YouTube isn't immediate turns out your content might have been great all along and it simply takes YouTube time to figure that out growing on YouTube is like planting a tree you can give it water give it sunlight tend to it every day but you won't see the fruits immediately think about what happens when you plant a tree for months sometimes years you see very little visible growth the sapling looks fragile you might wonder if it's growing at all but beneath the surface something important is happening it's developing a root system building its foundation and gathering strength this is exactly how it works on YouTube you spend every day thinking about your channel how to make better content day in and day out but the algorithm has to juggle hundreds of thousands or even millions of different channels it's trying to analyze your video through its SEO and performance with your community every once in a while it'll show you to more people than normal in a short burst to collect a bigger data set but it takes time to know what to do with that all the while established creators have already gone through this process they'll get priority because their content has already been considered those videos with only 100 views they're not failures they're your roots spreading every video you make strengthens that Foundation every person who watches is like a bit of water nourishing your channel every comment is sunlight helping it grow you're building something that takes time to mature and the hard part is not being able to see the fruits until later let me show you something this video of mine took 100 days to reach 999 views and then something amazing happened it found its audience I hadn't made a 3D printing video before this one and I haven't haven't made one since and now it's my fifth most viewed video on this channel or look at this one it did well but then after 6 months it blew up and got the channel monetized overnight this isn't uncommon this is the norm this is the almighty algorithm at work one of the biggest misconceptions about YouTube is that the algorithm somehow punishes small creators this isn't true the algorithm has one job to match videos with the viewers most likely to enjoy them the problem is is that it's slow and you can't see it working YouTube doesn't care if if you have five subscribers or 5 million what it cares about is whether the people who watch your videos engage with them do they watch to the end do they like or comment do they watch another one of your videos afterwards when starting out YouTube is essentially running experiments with your content it shows your video to a small sample of people and if they engage it shows it to more if they don't it stops and it can be hard to prove that your stuff is worth watching if the video itself doesn't have views the thing to keep in mind is that this process isn't hours or days it's weeks to months you don't need everyone to like your videos you just need the right people to find them and if you want to stay ahead on exactly how to help the right viewers discover your content I share tested and true tips and tactics in My Weekly Newsletter the link is in the description now let's talk about consistency but not in the way you might expect the most important form of consistency isn't uploading on a perfect schedule it's consistently showing up for the Long Haul 90% of creators quit within their first 20 videos they plant the seed don't see immediate growth and abandon the garden but here's what happens when you stick with it one your skills naturally improve with each video two you build a small but loyal audience three your library of content grows increasing your discoverability and four YouTube gathers more data about who enjoys your content I'll let you in on a little secret it's often video 20 30 or even 50 that finally breaks through not because it was dramatically better than video 10 but because those previous videos laid the ground workor so how do you actually survive long enough to see grow here are four practical strategies first redefine success early on views and subscribers are the wrong metrics to focus on instead you want to track things like the skills you're developing completion rates of your videos comments and genuine connections and the consistency of your output second you want to find your creator Community connect with other small channels in your Niche comment on their videos join Discord servers participate in communities this provides support collaboration opportunities and keeps you motivated third create with intention don't just Chase Trends or copy what's popular ask yourself what value am I providing that no one else is even in crowded nichas your unique perspective is your advantage and fourth embrace the process the creators who succeed aren't the most talented or well-connected they're the ones who didn't quit they're the ones who fell in love with the process of creation itself and not just the results right now someone out there is looking for exactly the content you create and they just haven't found you yet your job isn't to blow up overnight is to keep showing up keep improving keep nurturing your channel until those people find you remember the videos you're making today are creating the roots for your future success the growth you can't see is still growth so the next time you feel discouraged by low views or slow subscriber growth remind yourself every big successful Creator started as a small unpolished channel that needed time and consistent care if you stop tending to yours you'll never see a bloom keep creating your audience is out they're waiting for you if you're a small Creator watching this drop a comment below sharing one thing you're proud of creating regardless of how many views it got let's celebrate the seeds are planning together and if you haven't started yet and if you're wondering if you should take the plunge there's literally no better time to become a Creator just start start before you're ready when I started YouTube I had to learn all this the hard way and I'm glad that I can share my experience with you and help you to learn these lessons quicker than I did I just made a video going over the 28 things that I wish I knew sooner and I think that you'll get a lot of value out of it do me a favor and watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [1600 likes]: Thanks to all of you who are leaving a comment and liking the video! I've been feeling discouraged lately so I felt the need to say this for myself and I knew others would need to hear it as well. Hang in there, it's only a matter of time 🌱
  2. @DARK_BUCKS [1 likes]: Never give up 🏆
  3. @hazharry67 [1 likes]: One question why did I suddenly stop gaining subs?
  4. @SooFunny777: thanks, gives me hope!
  5. @CanuckProspect: My videos might be dookie now but just you wait.
  6. @kirkani2.0: Wow😊😊😊
  7. @arvindprajwal1168: thank you so much 🙏
  8. @Vision-m3t: Thanks
  9. @Get_inspired_by_biggy: Thank you sir this sir helpful
  10. @wagohowardmusic: ALOHA- I have done no editing, no AI, and no paid anything.  I have an authentic channel.. I am FUN  and I am kind.  I enjoy doing this but it takes a lot... JUST KEEP going. if you are doing what you dig, it will happen..  DEEP BREATHE!
  11. @ahiveforgamers: There was a time when watching gaming videos helped me survive my hardest days. It kept me distracted, calm, and sane. Now I make videos hoping I can do the same for someone else.
  12. @StrenghtPionners: Very good advice!  I'm also a small creator but my purpose is to make good music for people enjoy and not to monetize. I saw how people react at my music and I am satisfied with that. 

Big Love from Europe for all you people out there!
  13. @AvalonsCroneMagick: Thanks for this video..I am older and have zero tech abilities. I have downloaded editing apps and end up deleting them because I cant figure out how to use them. I want to improve my skills I just don't know where to go to do it.
  14. @MatWit395: Agreed, my other channel videos average about 10 views which is better than none
  15. @stephaway1: Keep Planting !
  16. @Dhanyyytv: Thank's Dave for explanation!
  17. @TSJChuck: Sitting here in the valley of doom contemplating giving up because I’m in complete total Byrd/creative paralysis due to an impressions crash that somehow happened over the past three months now that led from getting what I thought to be a growing solid impressions base and a channel that might’ve actually been stabilizing that’s now led to you know dropping about 10,000 impressions per video and yeah I don’t even know how to move forward now, because how do you build confidence back after confidence has been thrown out the window
  18. @PatawanCollective: I’m proud of finally started earlier this month. I have showed up and uploaded consistently daily and will continue to do so. It feels amazing and I’m so excited to see where it goes(:
  19. @jaedarzadon: Thanks for pepping me up. Climbing this big-ass mountain. lol. Struggling to get viewership and subscribers and stuck at 100.
  20. @trailchemistrywithbandc: I have a small channel. Just over a month old. Growth IS slow but I am hopeful. I have a series of short called "Hello Baby!" Those are the shorts I am most proud of.

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- How to Keep Your Content Relevant: Google Trends 101: Kind: captions Language: en SPEAKER: Timing is-- --everything. And timing is especially important if you're a content creator. Whether you create long form or short form media content, blogs, news articles or podcasts, how you respond and engage with trending topics can make all the difference in growing your reach. Now, you can stay ahead of moment by integrating trending topics into your content with the newly improved Google Trends tool. Just look at the new Trending Now page. You can see what people are searching for, and at least for me, find some good topics to talk about with your coworkers during lunch. Hey, Brian, did you see that new jackpot winner? I'll work on that. And there's so much more [? revampedness. ?] Yes, that's a word. Here's just some of the new features. Faster trend detection, so when something is about to drop, you're right there to catch it. With trend detection, you're quickly able to identify emerging trends, allowing you to produce timely content and respond in near real time. Expanded coverage, it's all about location, location, location. The revamped Google Trends expanded coverage allows you to see what's trending with your audience on a global and local level, helping you make more location-specific content to connect with your target audience. Stronger insights, getting metaphorical here, but every trend is like a tree. Of each topic, there are subtopics. Those are the branches. And when you look at a trend specifically in the Trending Now section, notice how it often comes with a cluster of related searches and news articles. That trends cluster is like the leaves of each branch, showing you what else people are immediately interested in around that topic. And to continue with this amazing tree metaphor, the news articles are like the sunlight and water, giving you the immediate context for its growth. Trend Breakdown. This tool helps creators find potential subtopics that can give them new angles to their content. With more customizable filters, creators can have stronger insights into trends that are peaking, have peaked, or are about to emerge. Now let's try a little role play here. Let's imagine we're Chicago's coolest influencer. We talk about the latest happening events, hot new restaurants, and hidden gems in the Windy City. But we're having one of those days where we have no idea what to make today. But, wait, there's Google Trends. So we head over to the Trending Now page and type in location to Chicago. See how specific and quickly the trends are updating? Plus, you can easily see what's active and how long the trend has been trending. Hmm, seems like a lot of these topics revolve around sports. I mean, it is Chicago, after all. This gives us the idea to make a video that shares the best places to watch the game. And now our "we have no idea what to make today" day is a "we have an idea of what to make today" day, all thanks to Google Trends. Now let's take on a new persona. We're a YouTuber with a popular gaming channel. Our audience comes to us for our takes and reactions to everything that's happening in the gaming world. We aim to post a weekly 30-minute video recapping everything that's happened that week. So we decided to use Google Trends. The New Categories feature quickly gives all the trending news about the video games and weekly summary of the trends that come out that week. Through insights, we can see what our audience is specifically interested in and gives us a foundation on how to structure our weekly video. Let's take one more trip down roleplay lane. This time, let's imagine we have Hollywood's hottest podcast, where we chat about everything and anything happening in the entertainment world. We want to use Google Trends to uncover what's truly capturing the entertainment world's attention. We pinpoint trending topics from the buzz around the latest superhero theories to the comeback of '90s sitcoms and even the drama behind the biggest pop star. And trust me, as a person role playing a podcaster exploring all corners of entertainment, knowing what spiking on Google Trends is crucial for creating content that resonates with its listeners and keeps the conversation going. That was fun to roleplay, but it's time to get back to who I really am, the host of this video. You can already see that the newly improved Google Trends Trending Now is more than just a list. It's your real-time intelligence tool for staying ahead of the content creation game. By leveraging its speed, localized insights, and contextual data, you can consistently create content that resonates and keeps you top of mind. So go explore, experiment, and stay ahead of the moment. Hey, Brian, did you hear about that new jackpot winner? [MUSIC PLAYING]

  Top Comments:
  1. @advertise-c3g [1 likes]: Браво
  2. @FixItOnTheWay [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @NatureandSatisfyingShorts [1 likes]: ❤great one beautiful
  4. @ageless-s1j: 👍👍
  5. @MrshivrajIndian: Good infom.❤
  6. @ShannonJacobs0: Chasing relevance? For the sake of two vacuous comments? Both from probable sock puppets. Much could be said, but I'll just say "Don't be evil" has become the sickest joke in the google-verse. So sick that no one really cares why and no cure is even imaginable.

- How to use Google trends for your YouTube channel: Kind: captions Language: en if you're starving hungry and someone's standing there with a pizza you'll grab a slice or you'll destroy the whole thing if you've just eaten a curry and someone offers you a pizza well you probably have no interest in eating as a sole humans are interested in different things depending on different situations daily and the same is true online one day we care about Justin Bieber's latest single the next we do not fear in my case never when this happens on mass this interest in something is known as a trend and working out how to capitalize on them could grow your YouTube channel a heck of a lot faster here's an example of the impact content of ranks and brings in steady views as versus content the trends online the purple line is a video that sits there long-term that's never really a hot topic but people do look for it they might bring in a hundred years a day I mean that's not bad the red image gets search traffic a dozen less but it's pretty consistent so you want a lot of videos like this because they're great few YouTube channels slowly building it over time the blue and yellow line here are videos that target a trend a topic covered that acted like the pizza the hungry person at the start of the video was just tearing to pieces this image shows the video the trending topic videos have on the entire channel not bad as you can see the downside to making content about trending topics is they might not stay hot forever sometimes things my only friend for a day for example ideally you want to find topics they're on an upward trend to make videos about that we'll continue to get searches consistently forever this is achieved with something that's called evergreen content benefit of getting in a trend is there could be less competition to start with meaning you can rank faster and generate views so even if your content is no evergreen and is only trending for a week let's say a large spike in views means you'll get more suggested views on other topics with the new people who discovered your trending content this will help to build subscribers and views on other videos - like this such mytrends important they can really put a boot up your channels ass so how do you find them well the Google Trends is a fantastic free tool for spotting them and working out what video topics to produce that your viewers will be interested in at that moment in time so how does Google Trends work firstly go to trends google comm - check it out scroll down and straight away you can see the big global trends as well as the year in search if any of those trending searches work with your niche then you should probably start there straight away it's kind of a big deal so now let's assume or a youtube channel and we make videos about live-streaming let's start more general and use Google Trends to niche down our topic into a search term people might join so you start by typing how to go live and you can see that this topic has been very popular recently on search it's great to know but we want to know how it performs on YouTube so go to the web search drop-down and select YouTube search now you see that this was very popular then dipped and now is on the upper trend again hurray so it's like a good option so that brings me on to explaining what this graph means this graph does not show the amount of search traffic that the amount of interests so a hundred is the peak in popularity for the term fifty means it's running at half its popularity and zero means there's not enough data to report on it this is probably not that popular what is that a hundred a day in four years time can actually move down to 50 as more interest comes in and a new peak is formed that could happen over a week it could happen over 10 years scrolling down we can see a break out search career on our original search is how to go live on tick-tock 2020 that's very good news you can see that there a percentage increase listed on other topics we're producing a video on tick-tock live seems like a winner so we can click on it to learn more let's set the location it was worldwide to start because this fake YouTube channel wants views from the whole planet if we set the date range to start from 2008 the present day you can see just how much this is trending it's not just a short trend - like a new article people might forget about a week later so that's our first good sign sure in just might dip but it might dip with tons of search volumes still left so now let's scroll down the page and you can see the countries with the highest search interest let's say for now I'm only interested views from America because my YouTube is actually a platform for my live streaming business based in the USA I'll change that to United States in the location setting now you can see the states with the most interest to around to the next section related queries and this is where we can see what hot topics are around this on this example how to go live on ticket over 2020 it's a breakout topic sometimes this says breakout sometimes it gives a percentage increase in interest on the Left you'll see other topics that are more general if you click these the same thing will happen again it will show interest and search queries but now I think how to go live on tickle 2020 it seems like an amazing term so let's head over to YouTube and have a look at what's on there we can see that others have made videos on it but tube buddy is saying it's not the worst title to try and rank for because I'm using tube buddy I can see other suggestions and actually making a video about how to go live on tik-tok with an iphone seems like a big opportunity so I'll jot that one down by the way if you don't have a tube buddy there's a link in description to download it I highly recommend it so that's a title that's a hot topic and one you can adapt to rank and take advantage on so this is an amazing tool right but as an issue what if live-streaming on Instagram is of more interest to people right now because that's what we're after so I'll type that in again I've missed the trend no doubt because if they're locked down from the coronavirus but we'll see when you scroll down you met with how to go live on tick-tock as a related query mmm interesting so now the fun part I'm going to write how to go live in tick-tock into comparison box even though I've missed the peak interest on both this makes it crystal clear which one has more interest right now and I should make more content about it if you had done this in February 2020 there's a chance your channel could have been taken to new level with one one or two videos which is why keeping an eye on trends in your niche become a habit that you've formed there's an issue though due to the wake of research you could miss out on a trend by getting one word wrong let's play a little game I want you to guess which option has more search interest okay how to make cake versus how to bake a cake the answer in the comment below so how to make a cake smashes it which might surprise you what about how to brush your teeth versus how to 8 how to brush your teeth 1 thank God I never understand people who say wash your teeth Google Trends is an amazing tool for youtubers but even better is learning to listen out for trends because sometimes they aren't as obvious pair listening with Google Trends and Qi buddy and you could our weapon of mass distribution some nations have trends on a regular basis or if you're unlucky like me they're not really that common just make sure you're trending content doesn't leave your niche little muddy the waters of your channel if you found that helpful then hit the subscribe button because it won't hear so and then check out this review on two bodies paid option and if you should make the upgrade to work with the Google Trends as a powerful friend or this video here will help you pick video topics using other tools too thanks for watching that's the real cheesy sign-off

  Top Comments:
  1. @ld475-c9w [20 likes]: So when the peak of your keyword is 5am over the past week. Should you upload on 5am?
  2. @MuhammadIbrahimAliyu-i9z [1 likes]: Thanks
  3. @AhmarBelgarde [1 likes]: Your personality makes this fun.
  4. @andreymartynenko7376: This deserves a million views.
  5. @NicotraRamsier: Super fun and creative!
  6. @reuinkkarthergi7831: Such a unique video concept.
  7. @ayushchaurasiya6614: The atmosphere was on point.
  8. @BejjamMadhu-s9q: Which one was the funniest for you?
  9. @DanielLeifels: I came for the thumbnail, stayed for the content.
  10. @valdinjhon: The pacing was just right.
  11. @QuintenDeMeyer-k4c: This made me smile.
  12. @duderuy: This is what YouTube was made for.
  13. @sprunkiincredibox24: I used Google trends man, u know what HONESTLY I GOT BULLSHIT RESULTS. IT IS USELESS CAUSE I USED SEVERAL TIMES
  14. @JourneyJoyy: I watched your video five times at different times during the day. I am not understanding how to use  Google trends from what you are teaching. What can I do to understand?
  15. @TheFootballCircuit: Still watching in 2024 - Good video - I use "Trending Now" What you thinnk of this??
  16. @shravanaeducationacademy: Fine
  17. @zefulshorts: Useless now nothing is the same in the site please remove your video.
  18. @pablorrprueba984: Teleprompter always looks weird.
  19. @pratikbabhulkar2295: Thank you for making this video 🤩🙏.
  20. @KantSleep: This video was awesome... Until I got to the point where it said, "I can see on Tubebuddy"..... Is there a channel on Youtube that does not use a paid seo feature. I used them multiple times and they didn't do anything for me. It would be awesome to see you make a video on how to do a completely free SEO search for youtube.

- HOW I MADE $20,000 With Google Trend and YouTube (Faceless News Channel): Kind: captions Language: en look at this AI News Channel got 7 million views and made about $50,000 just from ads Revenue in this video I'll show you how I use Google Trends to create viral content that earns real money I'll also walk you through how you can start making money with the YouTube Partner program and the Tik Tok Creator fund today I'm going to give you a complete step-by-step guide on how to create a faceless news channel in this video I'll show you how to create a channel design a logo find topics using Google Trends write a script and edit your content I promise you won't regret watching this video let's get started the first step is to create a YouTube channel start by opening chat GPT and asking it to generate 20 unique names for your news channel now take a look at the list and pick a name true beat news looks interesting what do you guys think I'm going with that one let's create our Channel first go to YouTube and sign in with your Gmail account after signing in click on your profile icon then select Switch Account next click on view all channels and choose create a channel add the channel name you copied from chat GPT paste it here check the box and hit create a channel for channel customization click on your profile icon switch accounts and select true beat news then click on customize Channel first add a channel description head back to chat GPT and use this prompt write a short description for my true beat News YouTube channel now copy the description from chat GPT paste it into the box and click publish for Branding we need a logo and a channel Banner we can use an AI generated logo which you can get from chat GPT just use this prompt create an AI generated logo for my channel true beat news the result from chat GPT is awesome if you like it just save the image alternatively you can use canva to create a logo open canva and search for you news logo there are plenty of templates choose one and customize it to your liking now let's add our channel name to the template and download it for the banner search YouTube Banner on canva browse through the templates and choose one I'll go with this one open and customize it [Music] now let's download it now let's upload our logo and banner to YouTube and publish them all right let's check out our Channel guys this looks pretty good now we're going to generate viral content using Google Trends and upload it to our Channel but here's the catch we need to pick a topic that's trending right now trust me this will boost the reach of your video there are many ways to find trending topics but for news content Google Trends is the most reliable tool just click on this link and it'll take you to this page page it will automatically detect your location but you can change it to see what's trending in other countries once you click on trending now you'll see a list of Hot Topics as you can see there are plenty of topics here that we can create videos about from here you can change the time period but leave it set to 24 hours then enable the option for active Trends the graph shows the terms popularity over time in nearly real time if the line is going up it means the topic is still trending this topic has been active from last 5 hours and its search volume is already at 50,000 that's a good sign as time goes on the search volume will increase and since only a few people have made videos on it so far it's a great opportunity for us to get views let's select this topic and search it on Google now click on news as we scroll down you'll see there are plenty of news articles we can use let's click on this one and now we'll copy the entire article and paste it in Google doc now we'll rewrite this news article into a video script copy the article and go back to chat GPT and use the this prompt I have a news article to convert into a YouTube video script focus on creating an engaging narrative with a strong hook at the beginning then add a colon paste the article and hit enter let's see the results all right our script is complete copy it and paste it into Google docs to make some final tweaks once that's done we can start producing content and uploading it to YouTube after spending a lot of time researching I found a fantastic tool called vidau AI I've added a link in the description click on on it and you'll be taken to this page first sign up with your Gmail account and then log in now pick the kind of video you want to create start by choosing a template and then add your new script but wait there's more let me show you something awesome there are so many avatars to choose from here you can even clone your voice or translate your video into any language you can also upload your own picture to create a custom avatar and wait there's more when you click on AI tools you'll find tons of features like text to speech text to video video and even Music Creation let's continue by clicking the home button now it's time to pick a template you'll find options like explainer educational business and tutorial templates take a look and pick the one that fits your style since I'm making a news video I'll go with the breaking news category there are so many Fantastic templates to choose from it's hard to decide look at this one it's ideal for creating engaging professional content these templates work best for long form videos but if you're focusing on short videos just switch to portrait mode you can also design your own template I think I found the one I like let's preview it and check it out template create videos to report breaking news the video Starts Here add your Channel's logo this template looks awesome let's click this button and get started now the fun part begins we'll edit the video right here you can paste your script and I'll show you how to do it in a second you can also add an avatar or upload your own change backgrounds include stock videos images and much more all right let's copy a part of our script from Google Docs and paste it here you can also change your avatar if you like if you want you can adjust the voice or clone your own Vitos AI brings your IDE Vitos AI brings your idea V AI I'm choosing jaizelle but take your time to pick the voice that works best for you next click on this play button to generate the voice over you can adjust the speed and volume from these options you can also enable or disable subtitles as needed adding too many lines of script to one scene can get boring to keep things engaging add only a few words of script then duplicate the scene and repeat this process change the visuals every 5 seconds for better variety you can also adjust the font style size and color and even add animations to the text let's update the fonts for all scenes to make them consistent and Visually appealing next we'll download images from Google for our project if the source has an Instagram account you might find additional images there too to add an image click on this image icon then select my images and upload your image adjust and crop it as needed repeat this process for the next scenes changing images to fit the script I've also added a video that you can download from YouTube just use a clip that's at least 10 seconds long you can also change the background or upload your own just click on background then upload your image if it doesn't fit click on detach and resize it finally click on layer and place it above the white background now let's click generate and wait for the result once it's done we'll check out the final video in a world where dreams can feel Out Of Reach one woman's story became a symbol of Hope and Beauty today we honor the incredible life of Michaela de Prince a ballet star whose bright light was lost too soon at the age of 29 sadly her journey came to an end when her team announced her passing through her official Instagram page while the details of her death have not been shared the heartbreaking news has deeply affected the world of ballet and her many fans around the globe Michaela born as maendy bangura in Sierra Leon went through unimaginable challenges early in life she lost her parents at just 3 years old her father was killed and her mother passed away from Hunger this turned out great let me know your thoughts in the comments section news channels are always popular so Now's the Time to jump in feel feeling confused about starting your Channel or picking the right Niche join my Discord for personalized guidance and I'll assist you every step of the way thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AICashTom0 [3 likes]: Where are you watching from? :face-red-heart-shape:
  2. @captainobviousnews [3 likes]: Im doing this with heygen
  3. @UnsolvedShadows-j2l [1 likes]: you need to say how long it takes for your channel generate that money
  4. @ZenithMindFrequencies [1 likes]: Why your  channel is not monetized ?
  5. @ZakySenior: Google Trends को इस तरह से यूज़ करना वाकई एक मास्टर क्लास है, Faceless news चैनल बनाने का ये तरीका काफी इफेक्टिव लग रहा है।📈🙌
  6. @dreamcentral123: Is that Free?
  7. @Mindovermatters1-w5y: But google is suspended news channel
  8. @isidrosolisdelossantos: fake
  9. @CapitalNewsWorld: Can we use copyright images for new reporting
  10. @AlienMoves8: Lip sync automatic ho jaye gi kia by using template
  11. @shan00r: Is vidnoz ai free
  12. @chibuzonwachuku5624: I am not going to do that but your AI-generated newscaster is creative.
  13. @BrainTeasexx: Thank you a lot. this inspired me. I ended up on my own channel "BrainteaseX". xoxo : Thank you from Sri Lanka
  14. @mileybeacon7691: Does this really monetize from Nigeria
  15. @SurfBoyReaction: Give us the prompt please, tq
  16. @daphneembella5037: Give us please the prompts chatgpt
  17. @Promisefilms: What website do use to view TikTok stats
  18. @FrogiaStopMotion: Very very good❤❤❤thank you
  19. @ansarsarim06: 👍

- How To Use Google Trends To Find Products, Keywords, Content Ideas & More: Kind: captions Language: en Google Trends is the best free tool to help you understand what the world is searching for at any moment in time this can give you product ideas keyword ideas content ideas and more it's one of my favorite free market research tools so let's jump in first you start by going to trends. goole.com now I'm going to use this as a research tool but if you have a newsletter where you're constantly putting out the hottest topics and the things that are breaking news right here and now go under the trending now it's got the last day you can even break it down in the past 24 hours and you can see what the most searched phrases and topics are in a very short period of time but from the homepage what I personally like to do is simply enter a keyword or a topic idea in this main search bar right here so let me start with vegan diet now you can see right here that it gives me two options there's vegan diet the search term and vegan diets the topic personally as a search engine marketer I want to focus on the search term itself Now the default is to the United States only this might be because I'm in the US so I'm going to toggle that to worldwide and then it defaults me to the Past day so that graph is a 24-hour graph I would like more data to see a longer term Trend and here you can see clear as day that over the last five years the interest in veganism continues to decline with a few spikes now I'm going to explain how to read and interpret the data of this graph in a second but I want to show you a little bit more information that's available to you here that can help you as a niche marketer so first you get to see where has the most interest in this topic interestingly the UK Australia New Zealand and Ireland are the top four the US is in the top five below that you get the related topics but you also get related queries okay so related topics are things you can use to create products or even to Niche down if you're trying to find what your Niche is so Raw veganism for example is one of those breakout related topics that shows you that a subset of people who are interested in veganism are also interested in raw veganism and this could help you come up with a mini course an E-class uh an ebook a cookbook and on and on so that's how you can get kind of product ideas from this on the related query side these are actual keyword phrases that people are searching and this is stuff that you can make blog posts and videos on for example why is Diet Pepsi not vegan now this is news to me I'm using a random example here um but that is one of those kind of clever creative ideas that would absolutely get the click it would get clicks on Facebook if you share your YouTube video that you made on Facebook it would get clicks on Pinterest if you share your blog post on Pinterest so these are the kinds of topics that it might make sense for you to go create long form content on and I want you to notice there's several of them right they go farther into the different queries that are available and this is is how you can use Google Trends as a free keyword research tool but the real power is when you start to compare different options and different ideas against each other so you can see what your Marketplace values and looks for most right here and now so let me add carnivore diet to this to give us a contrasting idea in here now the vegan diet in the carnivore diet could not be any more different in how one would approach uh well-being and through food and you can see clearly right here in this 5-year graph worldwide that veganism is trending down and the carnivore diet is trending up in a major way so if I was currently uh creating a 7-Day weight loss boot camp if I was creating some sort of a health-based brand and I was wanting to make sure that the diet recommendations I had were in alignment with what is gaining in popularity so the content the YouTube videos the blog posts I create today will still be relevant in 3 4 5 6 months or even potentially years this graph shows me that one of these topics is going up and one of these topics is going down I'm going to add another one the keto diet here just to give us a third comparison and this goes to show how big of a trend the keto diet was back in 2019 now let's talk about reading the data from this graph a little bit so this is a relative graph that show shows the interest over time so right here we have the 100 mark on this Top Line and this point which my mouse will not hover on for us here on video um this point right here back in about February early March of 2019 was the highest point search of all times for all of these phrases okay you can see it right there March 3rd through 9th more people search keto diet than any of these phrases at any other time in The Last 5 Years now the using keto or adding keto kind of blows out this graph so I'm just going to remove that so we can look at a graph that's a little bit more similar and now we can see from this graph the highest point of searches for carnivore diet was right at December 31st through January 6 this to me says that people are making those uh New Year's resolutions and they're resolving to change their diet and to change their habits into the new year and this past year as we entered 2024 a lot more people over double as many people people it seems searched from carnivore diet instead of searching the vegan diet and this is one of the really powerful ways for you to know what's trending let's run another little sample to give us another example to play with here so here I have added in hit workout which is high-intensity interval training and Body Weight Workout so again I'm thinking as if I'm building a weight loss brand and I need to figure out what diets I'm going to recommend and talk about it and I need toig figure out what workout routines I need to create and recommend people look at looking at these two things here I can see that the hit workout is definitely searched more often because the blue line which is hit workout is higher than the red line which is body weight workout and this is in the past 5 years worldwide if you want to sub Niche down and see like the United States you can toggle your location here and you can see clearly that it's about the same type of data information once again you can scroll down you can see the different states that have the different search volume but then you can also look at the different topics and queries Associated now this tells me Sydney Cummings hit workout now I personally don't know much about the hit workout I don't know who this is but as a marketer if I was looking for affiliate marketing Partners people who have products and courses that I could go recommend that I know are popular that I know sell well this is a really smart way for me to start looking into the people I could potentially partner with as an affiliate and the same is true for the body weight workout here you can see the different related queries and you notice when you get down here you don't actually see the different topics so I'm going to remove the body weight workout and we're going to now see the subtopics down below to understand what some of these other ideas are and here we have the related topics so a 30-minute topic the dumbbell hit workout bingo so maybe I think the hit niche is too broad of a niche and I want to really help people understand a smaller subset of that Niche so I could go into the dumbbell hit workout topic I could go into cardio for weight loss and there's just plenty of different ideas that I can use to research for example when I find Pamela Reef who's a YouTuber I can now go look at their Channel I can go look at their most popular videos I can look at their videos that have the most views to understand what content is trending that I then would want to to go create variations of and of course over here on the right we have those search queries as well then from a Market's perspective so let's say you want to compare two markets to see which Market deserves more of your time attention or money to invest in let's run an query for that so first and foremost we can search Bitcoin and right now in early February of 2024 we're sitting at about $50,000 per Bitcoin which is just a little bit below all-time Highs but you can see right here that the search volume is nowhere near all-time high so if one person was wondering hey is everybody already in on bitcoin did I miss the boat on bitcoin this is a sentiment graph that will give you interest and you can see back in the major double top peak of 2021 these were the highest searches of all times for the phrase Bitcoin on Google Now obviously this is not investing advice at At All by any means but I'm trying to help you understand that we can now look at something that's going going on in the real world the price and adoption rate of Bitcoin and we can ask ourselves at $50,000 per Bitcoin right now is this the top have I missed the move and looking at these numbers it really is kind of an interesting thought but let's compare Bitcoin to a couple of the other common cryptocurrencies to see how they look and when I add ethereum and salana to the graph you can see clearly that the king of search for all cryptocurrencies here is by far Bitcoin um ethereum and Salon are uh tiny in comparison to it they they barely register on the graph whereas Bitcoin takes all of the search um information this could help one understand maybe an a portfolio allocation type questions but really it's just the best way for you to get some sentiment understanding of what is being most commonly searched and I did change this over to United States on the last example so let's flip it back to worldwide make sure that it still looks the same and there it is and and so it does so this is kind of one of the more interesting ways and let's say you decide that you're going to run a portfolio and you've got uh 70% or 80% Bitcoin and you want to add 20% of higher risk things well you can start to search through ethereum salana to see wow back in 2021 ethereum was getting all of the market share attention but at this point in time it actually looks like they are pretty close so I want to zoom in on that section so I'm going to go here into the past 12 months only now we're looking at the past 12 months and I can see that there was a point here at the end of 2023 where salana actually had higher search volume than ethereum did this is an amazing Insight that if people are stuck in their Echo Chambers if people are just looking at crypto Twitter and they're not zooming out to see what the mass populations are looking at this graph here kind of shows me that the ethereum is flat possibly down whereas the salon search graph is going up and up and obviously the assumption that I'm alluding to here is as more people gain interest in a specific cryptocurrency theoretically more people are going to purchase that cryptocurrency theoretically that's more demand and the similar or less Supply therefore that's number go up technology in order but what you've seen here is a few different ways to use Google Trends now if you wouldn't mind giving this video a thumbs up to like this video leave me a comment if you enjoyed this video and that's going to help the YouTube algorithm assist this video in trending so I can help other folks like you who are wanting to learn how to find great keywords with a free keyword research tool they're going to want to learn how to find those trending topics that they can talk about in their emails in their social media content and ultimately find that lovely little sub Niche that has an underserved audience where you can go create content products a brand and a business and this one tool right here may very well be your secret weapon I hope you've enjoyed this Google Trends tutorial I look forward to connecting with you on the next video and until we meet again be well

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesseyoungel [41 likes]: Whoa! Miles I've been using Google Trends for years, but never hit that "Compare" button! Great tip!
  2. @StoriesAndStoic [4 likes]: I came to find my niche, I ended up buying btc
  3. @20SpursGinobili [2 likes]: Great video! I suggest using Google Trends to identify keywords first, then pair it with a plugin like Capalyze to gather articles or reviews across the web for a more complete analysis.
  4. @juniorjustjunior [1 likes]: do these results translate to Instagram searches ? (if that makes sense)
  5. @oluwafunmilayoalake [1 likes]: It really delivered value
  6. @addmaster-s8t: it is really helpful in finding trends ,, you explained impressively
  7. @user-tr2xp3jv2o: Good intro
  8. @makechatvideos: Great video! But how do you get information about lower volume search terms / long tail keywords? It seems like there is no data for them. Would you use keyword planner for this?
  9. @midnightpulse-pov: Really useful for a new Youtuber! Thanks so much
  10. @leahmason-virgin: Thank you
  11. @JayneNicoletti: Thank you
  12. @lindsaysmith4486: i know this is 2 yrs old but when i search my term, the "related queries" are totally unrelated to my original search term. lol. seriously. "wall art" leads to "what is phishing" and "how to turn off iphone" etc. did something change? is this no longer working?
  13. @majellacorry2982: Thank you! I found this tutorial so useful.
  14. @kkang-q7s: lovely, thanks miles
  15. @gustavorosset: :trophy-yellow-smiling:
  16. @nurbir8342: nice
  17. @PeachyNV: good tutorial
  18. @Samu_3.8: so basically you prefer to recommend unhealthy diets just for marketing reasons. Than it's not surprising why people hate marketers...
  19. @Why-x1i: thanks
  20. @legacyknh5150: thanks

- How to Use Trends to Find a New Audience - TikTok, YouTube, IG & more!: Kind: captions Language: en Ice bucket challenge, danceoff, trending audio. Hey there, fellow travelers. Those things can actually help you reach a large and new audience. If you're looking to use trending topics, trending ideas, trending music, trending hashtags to grow your audience, it can be very helpful. I am not going to lie to you with that. But how do we take advantage of it? Like how can I take advantage of those trends that are going on to reach this new large audience? Well, one thing I want to tell you is when it comes to a trend, whether it's trending audio, trending, you know, dances, trending challenges, all kinds of things, you want to move quickly because nobody really cares after the 17,000th person [music] has done a dance challenge cuz that's old hat. That's something that's already been done. So, what you want to do with the first 24, 72 hours of a trend really starting to blow up, you want to make sure that you're putting your content out there so your audience can see it, but also that new audience that you want to get. So when you're putting that trending stuff out there, that trendy naughty, that trendy dance, that trending challenge, whatever, make sure it's on the platform that really resonates the most with because dance challenges, they work great on Tik Tok, whereas the ALS challenge work really great on Instagram and Facebook. So you want to kind of have that in mind when you're thinking about using these trending things to really grow. Now, the thing is, I don't want you to post a trend video just because it's trending right now. Why? Well, if the trend doesn't work with your audience or work with your brand, it's not going to be very helpful in growing. It's going to have you people watch you that watch for the trend but not necessarily for your content. Because if I did a dance challenge right here, how many people would follow for the dance challenge but not for the Professor Walters content? And they're not going to come back if I'm not doing [music] dance challenges all the time. So, it's really important to make sure that that trend fits with your audience and fits with your channel. So, you know it fits, right? This could work with our channel. This could work with our audience. This could work with us. The next thing you need to do, and my second word of advice is adapt. Make sure you adapt that trend or that trending whatever to your audience, to your [music] content, to your channels. What do I mean? You do not want to copycat what someone else did because if they want to watch someone else's video, they'll watch somebody else's video. Why would you go to Burger King to get a Big Mac? Cuz if you want a Big Mac, you go to McDonald's. You go to Burger King cuz you want a Whopper. That's what they're good at. So, if you adapt the trending things to your audience, it's going to work much better. It's going to resonate with them better. [snorts] For example, on my travel channel, if I want to do a video about the people popping up in different places, like the hey video, you know, like the heads here, hey, they pop out of the side. Hey, come out of the side. Hey, they come from above. Hey, all those kind of things. That works if I'm here in Noni and I film at different places around Noni to show you all the different place I am here in France. [music] However, that wouldn't necessarily work with Professor Walters if I was here in Noni because I'm teaching business. So, Professor Walters, what might work with that is if I'm popping up in different parts of the university. Oh, I'm here at the student union. Here I am with the classes. Here I am in the dorms. Like that fits with my audience. And that's going to resonate a lot better because by doing that, you're adding value. And if you're adding value and you put the trend together, so value plus trend equals sharability, then my students from Illinois, they would probably share the video. Oh, there's my professor showing up different plots in the in the university. But for them, they saw me do it here in Nazi. They're not going to France. They don't care about France. They're not going to share that. So, you want that relatability. So, people want to share it. So, that's why it's really important that it is tailored to your audience, your channel. Now, another thing I think is really important, especially you're going to be on Tik Tok or Instagram with Instagram reels, trending audio is huge because it literally pushes it out more. Like if you put trendy music onto one of your, you know, dances or one of your talks or one of your videos or just like any B-roll you put out there, it'll probably get more views than your usual videos where it's just you talking. Why? Because that music is trending and they're trying to put that music out in front of as many people as possible. So, it's going to help it get shown. Also, use three to five very targeted. [music] Also, use three to five really targeted hashtags. So, if the song is a Sabrina Carpenter song, make sure you have # Sabrina Carpenter. Or if it is the ALS Icebucket Challenge, make sure you have ILLS Icebucket Challenge. You have those hashtags in there. So, when people are searching [music] for that, it shows up. But also, the algorithms that are out there know that this content, this hashtag relates to this search. So, it's more likely going to put that video out there for you. And if it's a trending topic, more people are looking for that than usual other stuff. So, it can help you find a new audience and hopefully a larger audience. And the thing is, I got to tell you, finding a large new audience is really great. But the thing is, you want to make sure it's the right large new audience because if you are putting this trending things out there and it doesn't really fit with what you usually do, those new subscribers, those new followers won't be happy with your usual content and then they'll become non-viewers and all of a sudden that'll show YouTube, oh, his subscribers don't actually like his videos. Let's not show his videos anymore. And that'll actually hurt you in the long run. It's [music] really important if you're going to use this trending topic stuff, make sure you stay on brand. And sometimes it's okay not to do the trending stuff because you know what? On my, you know, my travel channel, there's no point in me doing a dance challenge because it doesn't really fit with what I do. I'm doing, you know, education, right? However, if I'm doing it here on Professor Walters and I'm doing a dance challenge with my students, that's a little bit different. That kind of works. All right? So, just make sure use that trending audio, use those trending hashtags as trends that [music] are out there. Use that to help you grow and get find a new audience. But remember, you got to make sure it still works with [music] your brand to be successful in the long run because getting a trending topic means it's trending that day, but remember the next day maybe no one watches it again. So [music] be aware of that. Anyway, I just want to give you a few tips there to help you know how to use trending audio, trending music, trending challenges to help grow your audience as well. Anyway, I wish you all the best. They'll say bye from here and I'll see

  Top Comments:
  1. @blazing5925: thanks

- Stop Chasing Trends: AI Tips for Real Content Impact: Kind: captions Language: en Let's be real for a second. AI made it easier than ever to create content. But it also made it easier than ever to create trash. You've seen it. Robot sound and captions, recycled videos, and motivational posts that feel like they were written by a toaster. That's what people are calling AI slop. Content with no soul, no value, no purpose. So today I'm going to show you how to use AI the way to create content that connects, converts, and builds your brain, not buries it. I had a client once, a smart guy. He spent weeks learning every new AI tool that dropped. Chad GPT mid Journey at 11 Labs. You name it, he used it. But his problem, he posted every day and nobody cared. Whose content looked good, but it had no heartbeat. It was like watching someone talk with their eyes closed. One day I told him, "Bro, you're not creating content. You're creating copies of copies." And that's the problem with most people using AI today. They're chasing output instead of impact. AI makes it easy to massroduce content. But when you post just to post, you become part of the norm. Think about it. If everyone's using the same prompts, same templates, same voice, how do you stand out? You don't. You blend in. That's what I call the copycat clip. People climb fast chasing trends, but they all fall off when the audience realize they sound exactly the same. Before you create a would I still post this if nobody saw it? If the answer is no, delete it. That's how you start separating quantity from quality. Here's the rule. AI should never replace your voice. It should enhance it. Your job is to be the editor, the heartbeat, the truth behind the words. AI can help you write the message, but only you can make it mean something. When you use chat to your PT, don't just accept the first response. Rework it. Add your story. Add your tone. Add your attitude. Every piece of AI content should pass what I call barbershop test. If it doesn't sound like something to say to a friend in a barber shop, it's not ready. Make it sound human or don't post it at all. Let me give it to you straight. Speed is addicting. AI gives you the rush of getting things done faster. But speed doesn't matter if you're going in the wrong direction. In 2025, depth is the new dopamine. That means slowing down just enough to create something real. Instead of posting 10 pieces of fluff, post one piece that hits deep. Use AI to research your audience. What they fear, what they want, what they avoid, then speak to that. Because when your words touch pain, they get remembered. When they sound robotic, they get skipped. Here's a simple rule that'll keep your content from becoming slopp. For every three AI assisted ideas, create one original story. That means if Chat GPT gives you three ideas, mix them up, connect them to your real life experience, and build something fresh. AI is the co-pilot, not the driver. You're the one steering the brand. Next time you create a post, add one line that AI could never write. Something personal, something emotional, something you because that's what separates creators from copycats. Remember that client who was posting non-stop? He finally slowed down. He stopped chasing trends and started crafting stories. His stories using AI as a partner, not a crud. He went from 200 views to 20,000 in a month. Not because he used better tools, but because he used his truth. And that's the principle I want you to remember. AI doesn't kill creativity. Ego. The ego that wants to post fat. The ego that wants to sound smart. The ego that forgets to be real. Use AI to amplify your authenticity, not replace it. If you're ready to master AI the right way without losing your voice, download my free ebook, The Ultimate Guide to AI in Digital Market at the ultimate guide to AI in digitalmarketing.com. It'll show you exactly how to build highquality content. Automate your business and turn your ideas into income. AI isn't the problem. It's how we use it that determines what was created. can either chase content that looks good or create content that feels. The algorithm may reward noise, but people reward true. So, slow down, speak real, and let AI help you build something worth them. Because in a world full of slop, quality always wins.

- This NEW Method Is Blowing up Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Every day, thousands of small channels just give up because sadly, most people never make it past 1,000 subscribers. Not because they're particularly bad at YouTube, but simply because they couldn't survive the invisible growth phase. Now, what you might not have known is it took Mr. Beast over 2 years and 300 videos to hit his first 1,000 subscribers. Now, he could have easily just given up after a year and a half, but he didn't. He powered through the invisible growth phase and now he's the biggest YouTuber in the world. So, in this video, I'll explain what the invisible growth phase is and how you can survive it. And at the end of the video, I'll also share a quick four-step plan that you can take away with you right now and start straight after this video. So, firstly, it's important to note that the algorithm doesn't hate you and it's definitely not working against you. even if it feels that way sometimes. It just doesn't know who you are yet. And the truth is the algorithm doesn't judge creators. It simply just reacts to data. So when you upload a video, YouTube quietly pushes it out to a small test group. That group may or may not be interested in your content. Some of those people will simply just scroll straight past your video and ignore it. But some other people in that test group might watch, click, and maybe even subscribe to you. And based on the results of that small test, YouTube will then decide whether or not to test it again, this time to an even bigger group of people. The better your video performs in each test group, the more push the algorithm gives it. Think of it like a matchmaking system. The algorithm is just trying to pair your content with the right audience. Sometimes it gets it right, sometimes it gets it wrong. So just stop blaming the algorithm. Like it doesn't have feelings. It's not out to get you. It just doesn't know who you are yet. Now, your job as a small channel is to keep uploading, keep testing, and let your profile data build up behind the scenes because the more data that the algorithm has on you, the better at matchmaking it can become. And that's then where exposure comes in because your channel isn't small, it's just underexposed. This stage, the small channel stage, isn't about talent. Like, you don't need to be the best editor in the world. You don't need a fancy camera, expensive lighting, or years of storytelling experience. What you do need, though, is just to learn how to get discovered. And getting discovered on YouTube as a small channel is all about your titles, your thumbnails, and your SEO. As I've said a million times, the video itself, yes, it matters, but it only matters after someone clicks. And right now, the reason you're not getting views is because people aren't clicking. It's not that the algorithm hates you. It's just that the people the algorithm is trying to show your video to simply aren't interested in it. But look, overall, your mission at this stage is simple. Don't obsess over perfection. Obsess over clickability. Your title and thumbnail are your handshake, like your first impression. Nail those two things and you'll start building exposure. Now, I do have a short mastery course dedicated to ties on thumbnails. So, if this is something you need to improve, which I can bet it probably is, then hit the link in my bio and get my titles and thumbnails mastery course now for 50% off. This then brings us on to the 100 video rule, which is where a lot of small creators go horribly wrong. But the one rule I always share with small creators is you need to make at least 100 videos. Not just for practice, which is still a huge aspect of which we'll talk about next, but also because every single upload you ever post is feeding the algorithm valuable information. Like YouTube is a machine that learns through repetition and pattern recognition. Like every title you write, every thumbnail you design, every viewer who clicks or skips your videos, it all becomes part of a data profile around your channel. Like the algorithm starts to learn who watches your content, how long do they stay for, who skipped past, what types of titles attract your ideal viewer, which videos bring back returning subscribers, and so much more. So each new uploaded video is like a new data block. And over time, those data blocks compound and build up. This allows the algorithm to start piecing together patterns about your ideal audience. And when that picture becomes clear enough, it begins recommending your content more confidently to the right people. So the more data blocks you give it, the better the algorithm gets at being able to find the right audience at the right time. Now, sadly, most creators quit before this data stack has had enough time to build. But the ones who keep going will eventually hit the tipping point. And the tipping point is super super important. But we'll discuss that next. So the real challenge is this. back. Can you stay consistent long enough for the algorithm to truly understand you? Like, can you survive the quiet phase before the compounder kicks in? Because most people think that consistency just means uploading every week. But that's only half the equation. If you upload 100 videos without learning, evolving, or improving anything, that's not grinding. That's just autopilot. That's just ticking boxes. Like, the only type of consistency that actually works on YouTube is evolving consistency. You upload and you tweak. You test. You reflect. You look at your last five videos and you ask yourself, "What can I improve by at least 1%." Now, you might think that 1% is like an insignificant number and that won't change anything. But if you improve by just 1% per video over 100 videos, that's a 100% improvement since where you were when you first started. Like, really think about that. So, you always need to improve something with every new video you post. Even just 1%, guys, it makes a huge difference over time. Now, also, look, it's all well and good posting loads of content and growing your YouTube channel or your social media channels, but what most small or new creators often forget about is online safety. Now, my top tip is I never publicly share the email that's tied to my actual YouTube account, and you shouldn't either. Like, don't put it in your video descriptions or on your channel's about me page. There are so many hackers and dodgy people out there, and making your login, email, and sensitive data public is just asking for trouble. Like way too many times I've seen big YouTubers have their entire account stolen just because they publicly share their channel email and clever hackers got into it. Now instead I always suggest creating a completely separate Gmail account just for public use. Like that's the one you'll put in your about me page or in your video's descriptions for things like collabs or business inquiries. And by doing this you never put yourself at risk of having your channel data fall into the wrong hands. And I think it would genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is actually floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I mean like phone numbers, location data, bank details, your website history, and so much more. And the scary thing is you probably never gave permission for most of it. That's because of shady companies called data brokers, which are companies that collect your data, package it up, and then sell it to advertisers, scammers, or literally anyone who's willing to pay for it, good or bad. And as a YouTuber, especially starting out, your digital footprint grows fast. The bigger you get as a creator, the more time you spend online creating content, the bigger your digital footprint gets. And it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where something like Incogn is super helpful. They're an online data privacy tool that I've personally been using for the last 6 months now. And what these guys do is that they contact those dodgy data broker companies on your behalf and forces them to delete your data. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name and your information off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. Like they completely erase it for you. And the best part is once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So as new brokers pop up or as your information pops up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. Now, it's super easy to get started. It takes literally just a few minutes. And honestly, it gives me so much peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber or on the whole, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back now with Cogni. Use code creator at the link below and get 60% off an annual plan. Now, if you've stuck to the 100 video rule, if you've consistently improved your titles and thumbnails, and if you've let the algorithm collect enough data and learn who your content is for, then you're already doing the hard part because eventually all of those efforts compound. And that compounding effect leads to something very powerful. We call it the tipping point. This is a moment where your videos stop struggling for clicks and they start becoming recommended more aggressively. It's when YouTube no longer tests your content in random pockets, but instead it knows exactly who to show it to, and suddenly the numbers start to shift. Your views will jump. Your subs increase. Your dashboard feels alive for the first time. Now, the tipping point isn't always explosive, though. Sometimes it's subtle. Your videos start to get more consistent traffic. Your shorts finally hit the for you feed. Your long- form videos start being picked and showed on homepages on the suggested tab. But whether it's fast or gradual, you will feel the shift. Now, the sad truth is that most creators never get here. Not because they weren't good enough, but because they gave up just before the algorithm had time to figure them out. They didn't trust the data building process. They thought, "Oh, well, I'm not getting any views, so I must be bad at this." When in reality, they were likely just one solid video away from this tipping point. Now, your tipping point could be your 37th video, your 89th video, your 112th video. The timing is different for everyone, but if you keep showing up, if you keep learning, if you keep improving your strategy, and you keep building data with each upload, the odds are seriously stacking in your favor. And when you do hit the tipping point, my god, honestly, it feels incredible. Like, this is what you've been working so hard to achieve. This is when you smash monetization, earn incredible amounts of money, and start building the most amazing audience. So to hit that tipping point, which is completely possible for each and every one of you watching right now, here goes a simple four-step plan that you can take away with you and start implementing right away. Step one, redefine what success means for you. So firstly, look, stop obsessing over views, likes, and subscribers. I know it's tempting to check your analytics every hour, but those metrics don't reflect your true potential, especially early on. Instead, all small channels need to shift their focus to skill building and content improvement. Like I said, every video is a chance to improve by at least 1%. Maybe it's your pacing, maybe it's your delivery, maybe it's your thumbnail. Like, those tiny wins compound fast. So, write this down now. Like, seriously, grab a piece of paper and ask yourself this question. What does true YouTube success look like for me? Is it financial freedom? Is it a full-time content career? Is it a platform to teach or inspire people? Like once you've defined that, once you've figured it out, every single video you make from now on becomes a step towards your own definition of success, not just numbers on a screen. Step two, connect with other small channels. Like, you don't have to do this alone. Find and engage with other small creators in your niche. Comment on their videos, message them, share what you're learning, ask questions, offer support. Like, this isn't just about being nice. It's about building a community of people on the same journey. And building these connections can lead to collabs that grow both audiences, accountability that keeps you consistent, shared lessons that save you time and frustration, and most importantly, they'll remind you that you're not the only one grinding in silence, like you're all in it together. Step three, find your unique angle. Like, why should someone watch you instead of watching another channel do the same thing? That's a question you need to answer. Like, what's your edge? Maybe it's your storytelling, your humor, your backgrounds, your format, your editing style, or maybe it's just your unique perspective on a particular topic. Like, there's so much content out there, but your goal should be to stand out without trying to be someone else. Ask yourself these questions and note down the answers as well. What do you do differently? What value can you provide that most creators can't? And what's something that only you can provide to this niche? And finally, step four, commit to a consistent posting strategy. So, here's your challenge. I want you to post 100 videos within the next 12 months. That's roughly two videos a week. Not impossible, but definitely not easy. I'm not saying it's easy, guys. It's going to be hard. But if you do hit that, you'll be miles ahead of 99% of other creators. You'll be more skilled. You'll be more searchable. And you'll be more understood by the algorithm. you'll have built a really strong foundation and a content library working away for you in the background. And look, you don't need to go at it alone either. If you want structure, mentorship, and real support, come and join me as a student in the YouTube Wealth Academy. I'll be by your side every step of the way. Like every video you post, every milestone you hit, I'll help you grow faster and smarter. Like this is the long game. And if you commit now, like really commit, in 12 months time from now, you won't even recognize your own channel. So come and join me in my academy or just watch this next video that pops up here. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [249 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @BoxingBrosUK: https://youtube.com/@boxingbrosuk?si=jD7GlaMLPD7p8MzZ 
been at it 2 years a boxing influencer chanel views low subs high its a niche that is saturated i love the sport so i dont mind
  3. @dallasdragneel: i just burn out. and don't know what i'm doing.
  4. @Breakthroughoren: Love the %1 work for all issue in life !!! BREAKTHROUGH !
  5. @timelineXpert: Never give up guys!!! Work hard and consistently to reach your dreams!
  6. @ducto-p3c: how to improve sleep quality
  7. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  8. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  9. @Lanergray: Im a small channel who will not stop untill i get nore famous than uuuuhhhhhhh famous people
  10. @AnimeCubich: I really enjoy your videos good info very helpful 👍🏽
  11. @FerdousRahman-f9y: how to set goals and achieve them
  12. @IntoTheGossip: I’m a new content creator (not even 1 week in), and I’m really glad I found your channel early on. I’ve been doing a lot of things wrong, but I’m learning, improving, and adjusting my account day by day. Your content has helped me understand things better. Thanks!
  13. @tonytran07: The first bullsht is YouTube learning what you do
It isn't...  I have seen channels uploading game video constantly and gets nothing.  YouTube is a company.  It knows which would succeed and which wouldn't

Edit.  Your second point is true.
Title, thumbnail is important
  14. @HeatherEmptyNest: I think part of the issue is people get on and watch how “new creators” have thousands of subs and views in one month, not realizing it’s not their first you tube channel. 
I understand some can achieve this and that’s amazing but I can see where others get discouraged.
  15. @TheShowMeFamily: Speaking blessings on all channels that started in 2026. Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers and we battle to that 100 video goal. I believe that we can all get there together ❤️.
  16. @KnowV1ds: Small channels lets gather here! Lets groww!!!
  17. @Tailored-Winnings: Anyone and everyone. I want to help and I need help too. I'm open to a colab, I work hard and I'm willing to truly assist in any way I have the ability to do so, anyway I can.
  18. @Tailored-Winnings: I truly believe he wants to help. I know I sound like a plug but I'm a small channel, who will be very big soon, and I believe he truly wants to help me grow. You don't see that a lot lately, care, empathy, something-for-nothing.
  19. @MackShunta: 1% every video for 100 videos is an improvement of 270% . A lot more that a 100% improvement. This to pint out that what you said in the video is even more important than what you said. A small improvement  every video you post can take you vary far. <3
  20. @brooketalksbodies: Thank you for the advice! Let’s go!

- Why Gaming Layoffs Keep Happening: The Impact of Trend Chasing in the Industry: Kind: captions Language: en it seems like almost every month that I make a video it's been almost backto back months since I started this channel that there is layoffs happening in gaming and one of the reasons is because of trend chasing which we'll get into later on Rock Steady games is a company that didn't need to make a live service game what they needed to do was make the games that they were good at which is Batman games and beat them up games or story driven open world games games which they've made amazing Arkham City is a great game Arkham Asylum is a great game Batman Arkham is considered one of the best superill games ever like even Spider-Man 1 and two have had a hard time competing with the original rating of the first Batman Arkham all of them are amazing because he hates them seriously so this next story makes me extremely happy g off to appear in The Lord of the Rings The Hunt for golum Ian McAllen asked to return

- 5 SECRET Vlogging Hacks You NEED to Go VIRAL on YouTube in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Have you ever wondered how YouTubers get millions of views from their vlogging videos? Here are five simple vlogging tricks, including camera gear and settings, the hook to keep people watching, audio cleanup hack, camera angles with composition, the boredom buster and the tripod belt trick. Play Tape. Essential for high quality video content is the camera and specifically the lens. You'll want something like a 16mm wide angle focal length. And the reason for this is framing. For talking head shots like these, you don't want your face to be too big in the frame. For instance, if I was using a 24mm lens, you can almost see what I have for breakfast. Not very pretty. My lens of choice is a 16mm Sony G lens, which has a shallow aperture of f1.8, so we can get these professional looking blurry backgrounds and subject isolation. But most importantly, we have good framing with head and shoulders. And using the Sony Alpha cameras like the a7c or a7cr, we have what's called active steady shot to reduce that annoying camera shake. This is with steady shot turned off and this is with steady shot turned on. Heck of a difference when vlogging handheld. Which brings me on to number four, the tripod and the belt trick. You'll want a small lightweight tripod for static and handheld shots. You could use something like a GorillaPod, easy to pop on the floor or a bench or even a tree. I prefer a small tripod with a proper ball head. Now you won't always be able to put a tripod on the floor in a city like London due to security measures, so handheld vlogging will be the name of the game. If you're doing longer talking head video clips, your arms are definitely going to get tired. So this is my simple belt trick. Extend the tripod height from your belt to the top of your head. Tilt the camera down by 45 degrees and anchor the tripod legs onto your belt. We now have stabilized footage on the y-axis while taking the weight of the camera lens and tripod. This technique will ensure longer filming, less fatigue and no irritating shaky footage. In third place we have audio cleanup. Now audio is almost as important as video quality. Firstly you'll want a decent microphone to capture the audio initially. I use the DJI Mic 3 receiver on the top of the camera and wireless transmitter as close to your mouth as possible, wind muff if you're outdoors. You can capture audio directly into the video track or by pressing the button on the side to record audio into the mic's internal storage. Now if we take that corresponding audio track and upload it to a website called Adobe Podcast of which there is a free version or a premium version, we can upload that corresponding audio track and Adobe Podcast will enhance it to a very high level. The premium version allows you to split the audio into speech and background. You can eliminate background noise and enhance the tone of your voice for richer, more professional audio quality. Then using your preferred video software like DaVinci Resolve, sync the enhanced audio with the original video and wow your audience with high quality content without the distraction of background noise. You can capture audio directly into the video track or by pressing the button on the side of the mic to capture audio into the mic's internal storage. In second place is the boredom buster. Keep the video moving. Don't give viewers the opportunity to click off onto another video. Throw in different camera angles using standard composition techniques like leading lines, framing or rule of thirds. Keep the clips short and sentences concise without any pauses or gaps. Because you know that can be bored. concise without any pauses or gaps because that can be really boring. Go for unusual editing styles to keep the viewers entertained. Throw in some cool overlays or video transitions but not too many. Moving clips are more interesting than static ones so utilise those walking and talking shots. Or even get on a bike and throw a drone in the air to embellish those viral videos. Try POV style shots or fly on the wall ideas. And this brings me onto the number one hat for the best chances of a YouTube video going viral. Now the hook makes up the first five seconds of your video and it's designed to persuade the viewer to watch the rest of the video. Maybe ask a question. Is AI destroying photography? Yes, no. There is one photography location in London which is quite unique because to get the shot you need to have three things. Now is it just me or does the new DJI Mini 5 Pro look like a miniaturised version of the Air 3S? Well that's because it kind of is. Today's photo challenge is street photography with 400 millimetres. Is this even possible? Let's find out. Once you've made them curious enough to keep watching without clicking off, give them a brief 10 to 20 seconds high energy glimpse of what's coming up in the rest of the video. Check out these intros. [Music] Osmo 360. Once you've reached that all-important 30 seconds which logs as a view on your YouTube video, give the viewer exactly what they came for and this is the material, the substance of the content. Stay on topic and to the point. Be engaging but not too cheesy or continually funny. Be educational and likeable. The reward will be giving the viewers the answers to the title of the video, the thumbnail, the description and the hook at the start of the video. Anyway, thanks for watching. Hope you enjoyed this video. Please give us a thumbs up if you did and don't forget to subscribe to the channel for more photography content and I'll see you on the flip side.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brencebrence5355 [1 likes]: can you do this type of video using cellphone please for those with no cameras
  2. @livingwithsunshine: Love the belt trick!
  3. @EverythingLLUXE: Tag the camera please
  4. @AliceAnderson-h6e: cool vlog
  5. @stefanmaurus7271: Hey Mark,
Another great video, thanks for sharing. I've got a question: I was just doing some photo and video editing. And half my time I spent fighting my computer. I'm working with an iMac, not the latest model though. I noticed in your video that you seem to work with Windows. Can you please give some insight on your computer equipment you're using? Thanks in advance.
Best wishes for year's end and have a good start into 2026,
Stefan
  6. @ArunGm-cy7ut: Very interesting and great photographer I have ever seen ✊🎉
  7. @johnvaina: Who the fuck wants to go viral??
  8. @rickyboller: A perfect video of you. Great.
  9. @iskde: Great info as always 💯 Hello from Chicago 🇺🇸

- 36 PROVEN Ways To HACK The YouTube Shorts Algorithm!: Kind: captions Language: en - Do you feel like you're having trouble getting your YouTube Shorts to go viral? Whether you love them or hate them and you've heard us say this before you should be making YouTube Shorts today if you're trying to grow on YouTube. And this isn't just us saying this, this is coming directly from YouTube themselves. "Creators who are uploading both short and long form content are seeing better overall watch time and subscriber growth compared to those who are only uploading on one format." Well, hey, that sounds promising but if you're just starting out things could feel a bit daunting or confusing. You're trying to crack the code and get people to actually watch your shorts. And in fact, here at vidIQ, we're also trying to crack that very same code. And after studying hundreds of channels we think we have some answers for you. Beating the YouTube Shorts algorithm is possible but it is going to take a brand new skillset for those of you who are new to uploading short-form content. So it's time to take everything you know about optimizing a long form video and put it aside, because if you're trying to grow on YouTube Shorts, we're gonna talk about how this is gonna be a little bit different. With YouTube Shorts, you have maybe about three seconds or so to get them to stop scrolling and give the rest of your short a chance. And if they do give you a short a chance and the viewer watches the rest of it YouTube is much more likely to push that short to even more people. With that in mind, there is one thing you as a creator need to focus on whenever you make a short, and that is your hook. Your hook could be some text on the screen or something you do or say, or maybe even a sudden camera movement that somebody sees when they scroll to your short. So as we go through these today, actually let us know in the comments what are some hooks that you've seen on shorts that got you to stop scrolling? Everything you do in the hook of your short is all about raising curiosity. Now, normally you would use a title and a thumbnail to raise that curiosity, but with shorts you don't really have that opportunity. You kind of gotta think about it like acting out this title in thumbnail in a YouTube short in the first couple of seconds. You've probably seen some examples of this. One of them being, "Have You Heard About..." There's always the tried and true, "They don't want you to know." - Do you know about the Black Baby Test? No. Well, then let me tell you. - Have you ever heard of the Region-Beta Paradox? You might be suffering from it right now. - And something that works on me all the time is, "You've never seen anything like this." These type of hooks can work really well for any type of YouTube topic that you wanna cover and gain a new audience for. You're taking something that a person wouldn't otherwise care about and turning it into kind of an interesting factoid on YouTube Shorts. - This is a raw steak and this is me putting that steak into the dishwasher. Okay, trust me, check this out. According to MythBusters, dishwashers can get up to nearly 150 degrees. - Now everything you do on YouTube Shorts, is it going to need to apply to somebody who's brand new to your channel and perhaps brand new to your topic? Going forward, keep those viewers in mind as you record your shorts. Anyway, back to the subject of raising curiosity. You could get people to be curious about something that specifically happened to you, one of your own experiences. Something like, "This is the most amazing product I've ever seen," or "I would never do this and this is why." - I never buy silk." And this is the strange reason why. As a kid... - Just be careful not to give too much away in the first few seconds so people feel like they actually wanna finish watching the short. - This is the most powerful charger I've ever laid hands on. - And there's still a ton more examples to go through here for raising curiosity. "I was today years old." - I was today years old when I found this out. It took me 19 years to figure out news stands for notable events, weather and sports. Never knew that. - "Questions I get asked a lot." (upbeat music) "I asked Google." - [Man] I asked Google what the longest jump in history is. - "Three things I can do." - Here are three things I do before every flight, coming from a lawyer who travels six months outta the year. - I'm sure by now as a seasoned YouTuber or a YouTube viewer, or both, you know the importance of a call to action. We generally think of these for ourselves, right? When we're trying to get someone to leave a comment or subscribe or leave a like. But with shorts, a call to action can be the entire hook of a video. Something as simple as, "Try this." - Try this to get more views on your next YouTube short. - Or "You gotta try this." - You gotta try this with your phone. Put your speaker on your mouth like this. - Doing this gets people excited that they're gonna learn something new, maybe a new fact or new skill as long as they continue watching your channel. You could do this by opening with a different kind of question such as, "Did you know that?" - Did you know that this book is poisonous and this woman discovered it? - Hi, NASDaily. - Or maybe crazy facts. - Crazy body facts that you probably didn't know. Did you know that your brain generates enough electricity just by thinking? - You can also get people really thinking about things they wouldn't have thought of before. videos that start with "Have you ever wondered?" - Have you ever wondered what the most viewed YouTube video is? - We got "Let her go." Just Music, "Let her go." - Or by asking the question, "Is it possible to?" - [Man] Is it possible to feel high with pressure points? Well, according to this doctor - Let's shift gears a little bit though. What if your channel is about reviewing products? Well, you could keep it really simple and just compare two products, X versus Y. - Biggest smartphone versus smallest smartphone. Which one's actually more practical? - Or you could mention why you'd never try a product and that kind of negativity can get people to stop scrolling. - [Woman] Why I would never style my Maxi skirt like this and how I would change it. - If you wanna push a service or talk about things like fashion and makeup, you can educate your viewers on the dos and don'ts that they should follow. - [Woman] Dos and don'ts of coat shapes. Don't pair a perfect coat with proper shoes like loafers or a ballet flat. - Or simply how to do things themselves. - [Woman] How to create festive outfits if you're a minimalist. Try pairing some sheer socks or tights underneath our jeans to make them feel more evening appropriate. - Everybody wants to feel included. It's as if our brains are literally wired around FOMO. So include your viewers in your life and in your various experiments. For example, "Today we're gonna see." - Today we are gonna see how much water this Scooby-Doo can hold. - "I'm trying this so you don't have to." - I'm doing this so you don't have to. I've been hunting for the dumbest world record. - "Watch me." - [Woman] Watch me try to fix this squishy. It's in really bad shape. - "Today I'm going to." - [Man] Today I'm gonna find out if a big lighter really does burn for 55 minutes. - And we all know there's a trick that works for even long form videos, and that is to make a list. These generally keep people watching all the way to the end. And you can do this in shorts too. For example, seven best. - Seven tastiest smartphone cases. Starting off with the Ice Lolly. - "Five products you won't believe exist." - Five Amazon products you won't believe are real. Number five is the Sun Visor Fan Hat. - "Top three." - Top three YouTube mistakes. - If you're trying to position yourself as an educator on a specific topic, then hacks is a great way to share something new with somebody. Everybody loves a quick hack, and you can say that, "This hack is gonna help you reach whatever goal that is in three easy steps." - How to become a mermaid in three steps. First, go to a friend's birthday party and push her away. - "Here's how to have the best blank of your life." - Here's how to have the best sleep of your entire life. Make sure your room is dark. - There's always simple how-tos. - Here's how to write an entire book using ChatGPT. Step one, you say, "Hey, I wanna write a book about this topic. Can you give me five, 10 title ideas?" - And then of course just outright mentioning hacks themselves. This could be your YouTube Shorts, a lot more views. Another kind of cheeky thing you can do is create some sense of urgency as soon as people scroll to your shorts. You could straight up ask people to stop scrolling. - Wait, stop scrolling, straighten your back. Why are you always slouching? Do you see how tense your forehead is? Relax it. Relax it now. - Or you could talk about how, "Doing this right now is the most important thing of your life." This is the most important decision you can make on your YouTube channel, and a lot of people get it wrong. You've probably stumbled upon a bunch of shorts by now that talk about making more money. Everyone wants to make a little bit of money on the side and having somebody spoon feed that information to you is pretty tempting as you're just kind of swiping through shorts. If you know a good way to make some money you can give people a little bit of a monetary incentive to stop scrolling. You could talk about making X dollars a day using a specific product. - Here are four ways to make $800 a day using ChatGPT. The first method is to sell birthday cards with a poem on Etsy. - Or going back to hacks, "Hacks that will save you money." - [Woman] "Art Hacks That'll Save You Money: Part One." First up, we have these plastic food containers. All you do is add a couple of paper towels to it, spray it until it's damp, add your acrylic paint like you normally would, and this makes the paint not dry out. - So there you have it your ultimate guide to hooks that work. What this really takes though is getting out of your comfort zone and beginning to actually make some content. Creating content that gets people to stop scrolling is a learned skill and it's gonna take you practice. But of course, practice takes time and you're probably here looking for a bit of a cheat code. So check out this video right here and maybe you'll pick up a thing or two. Also, what do you think of my new studio? I think it's coming along. It's not fully done yet. We're kind of under construction. Stay tuned.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TapToFearTv1 [3 likes]: whos is here in 2025
  2. @TJO-002: Nice vid
  3. @100t_hanni: tldr: clickbait people but with hooks instead of thumbnails
  4. @sancarlosviners: i am a youtuber of over 3years. i got 156M views for 1 video only,.and many millions of views.
  5. @l.tjustonsenack: i'm not trying to go viral i'm just trying to post funny gameing videos
  6. @SmartCentsDaily89: Wow, this really makes me realize that there is still a lot I haven't learned 😂
  7. @Lunastudiotv1: A struggling creator here but we shall make it Amen
  8. @Yamal-t5m: I found this tutorial very helpful
  9. @alwaysonsideneveroffside: Do you guys like football?
  10. @Economicrebel: Really its going to work ??
  11. @filintoromerosierralta: jajajajajajajajajaj!
  12. @MitoFacts: nice 😮
  13. @GeoskabsWhaikabs: This was wholesome content.
  14. @HoanDuong-x5e: This content is very useful.
  15. @popaswachington: The information was spot on.
  16. @hecateShudu: I like your style of presentation.
  17. @IbrahimNicoPichler: That was really impressive.
  18. @gầvaga-e9s: Your tips are always on point.
  19. @noxxx15: Such good content, keep it up.
  20. @KaylieHannahWinkler: This is a must-watch!

- Make ANY video go viral with this new SEO hack: Kind: captions Language: en If you're making great videos, but the algorithm isn't pushing them out, it's probably because your SEO sucks. Now, I get it. SEO sounds difficult, but in terms of YouTube, it's actually pretty simple. So, in this video, I'll explain what SEO is, why you should use it, and then I'll show you the main key areas where you can include it. Like, anyone can rank number one on YouTube. I pretty much do with all my videos. So, just follow what I'm about to tell you now, and you will, too. So, let's get into it. Now, I am going to time stamp all of the sections below, guys. So, if you already know some stuff, then feel free to skip some. But this first section, we're quickly going to run through exactly what SEO is for those of you who don't fully understand it yet. So, SEO stands for search engine optimization. It's basically the process of optimizing your content so it can be discovered more easily by viewers and search engines. I like to explain it like this. Including SEO in your video is basically you helping the algorithm to do its job. because when you post a new video, the algorithm will always pick that video up and try and show it to as many people who it thinks will be interested in it. Now, if you don't include any SEO whatsoever, the algorithm is just going to have to randomly guess who to show that video to and probably get it completely wrong, which is why you aren't getting any views because the algorithm is suggesting it to wrong audience. Whereas on the other hand, if you do include loads of SEO on that video, you're essentially giving the algorithm enough information and data to make sure it shows your videos to the right people at the right time, which just means more views, more engagement, and more subscribers. Now, on YouTube, SEO revolves around using the right keywords. And we want to include as many of these keywords in the right areas as possible. The key words you want to focus on are your niche keywords and the words that describe the actual video you're posting. So, for example, this video here is all about the YouTube algorithm. But my channel is in the YouTube growth niche. So, I will need to make sure to include plenty of keywords for both algorithm and YouTube growth as I want to target viewers who are interested in not only the algorithm but also interested in the YouTube growth niche too. So once you've identified the keywords that relate to your niche and the video itself, you then need to place these keywords strategically when you go through your upload process. And there are 13 or so different places you can include keywords. And I'll show you each and every one of them right now. But before I show you exactly where to include them, I just have one quick message from today's sponsor. Now, a quick message to all my fellow small YouTubers. If you're not using this AI tool, you're missing out on a lot of views. All of the biggest creators on YouTube upload clips daily. And here's the latest trend behind it all. Nexus Clips. It's a viral AI tool that analyzes your videos, picks the best segments, and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video. It effortlessly repurposes horizontal videos into vertical videos that you can instantly upload as shorts. It also has facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically. Now, the top creators tried to keep this AI tool a secret, but now we all have access to it. So, hop on this trend whilst it's still hot. Okay, so the very first place I would recommend you include some keywords is actually not in the video itself, but your actual YouTube profile. So, if we click down here on settings and then click on channel, what you see here is your channel keywords. Now, these are essential, especially for new or small channels because these keywords here basically describe your channel, what your channel is about, and who you want to target. So, these are linked to your directly channel. They're not linked to the actual videos itself. But I always include things like YouTube growth, digital marketing, YouTube marketing, personal growth, how to grow on YouTube, YouTube growth advice, and like pretty much like every single keyword that actually relates to my niche. Now, I do this because this shows YouTube and the algorithm where I want my channel to be positioned. Um, so every single time you do upload a new video, they'll take into account your video itself and your channel tag. So you have up to 500 characters. I've done 498. So I would make sure that every single one of you right now goes in and fills this channel tags in because this gives YouTube and it algorithm enough data about who you are and who you want to target. And that is the very first starting point. So make sure you do that. So now I'm going to show you an example. This example here, which is how to beat the YouTube algorithm in 9 minutes. So this video is all about YouTube growth and the YouTube algorithm. So I want to target people who are looking to grow on YouTube and I also want to target people who are looking to understand the algorithm. So the very first place you can include SEO is obviously your title. Now this obviously needs to be natural and it needs to fit into a clickable title. So here I've got how to beat the new YouTube algorithm in 9 minutes. So here I have the like the keyword which is perfect. It fits naturally. It looks good. Um, and having a keyword in your title is essential. It's not like the be all and end all. Like, if you can't create a good enough title with your keyword in it, then don't worry too much. There are plenty of other areas where you can. But if you can include a keyword in your title and make sure it's still clickable and creates curiosity, perfect. Now, the next place is obviously your thumbnail. Now, a lot of people, including myself, would recommend that if you do have a specific set of words in your title, it sometimes is best to not repeat them in the thumbnail. However, if you can create a thumbnail that does repeat the words in a title in a very specific way that still makes it clickable, do it because that is like two times the amount of keywords that you have in your video already. And YouTube and its algorithm do like it scans your thumbnail. It would analyze your thumbnail. So if you do have a keyword in your thumbnail, then the YouTube algorithm will pick that up. Like it's a very clever machine where it scans like the entire thumbnail itself. So here I have algorithm again. So already in the title thumbnail, you know exactly what you're going to get and the YouTube algorithm is looking at Titan thumbnail thinking this video is obviously about the algorithm. And then of course down here we have video file name. Now there is a lot of back and forth as to if this is like actually important or not. Um and to be honest guys look it's not the be all and end all but you can see it here. So obviously the YouTube algorithm is like recognizing it and it is analyzing it. It's reading it because otherwise it wouldn't appear here. So the fact that it appears here shows you that it is relevant. Like I say, like it's not going to get you a million views if you put a keyword in your file name, but you might as well do it properly. So just take this step into account and put a keyword or just use a title. I always just use a title as the actual file name. And again, it's just there. So already algorithm algorithm algorithm algorithm here. Then the next thing you're going to want to do is obviously your description. Now there's actually a really like specific way you should do this. And you need to make sure you have your like actual keywords within the first two sentences. If you can do it within the first one sentence, perfect. As you can see here, I've got struggling with YouTube growth. That's already one. And then the second sentence, I have YouTube algorithm. So within the first two sentences, I've got YouTube growth, which is my niche I want to target, and the YouTube algorithm, which is my actual specific video. So already the YouTube algorithm knows exactly what I'm trying to target. YouTube growth and YouTube algorithm. And then down here again, I have more keywords. So, YouTube algorithm here and then YouTube growth here. So, my short description is full of keywords. So, that's good. And then, of course, like I've got more down here, too. So, YouTube growth and then blah blah blah. And whilst we're in the description, we might as well quickly talk on hashtags. Again, I always use like three to five hashtags. I never really use more than that. And I always make sure to have the video specific hashtag, which is this one, and then my niche specific hashtag, which is this one. So, how to grow on YouTube, YouTube algorithm, and of course, I've got YouTube tips and how to grow on YouTube, blah blah blah. So, already within just this section here, I've got so much SEO. So, I'm giving the algorithm, YouTube enough information for them to pick this video up and just send it off to the right audience at the right time, which is why this video got a lot of views. Now, also, before we move on, another thing that a lot of people don't realize is the fact that YouTube and it algorithm will also comb through like the actual video itself. So if you're talking, it will analyze all the words said in your video. Now the best thing you can do is have your keywords said the start of the video. So I always start my videos off pretty much like repeating the title. So I'll be like in this video I'm going to talk about the YouTube algorithm. So already within the first sentence, YouTube already recognizes the first keyword. So I would always recommend like just int like introducing your video with your keywords at the start because that is something that a lot of people don't realize but every single word you say in your video is picked up and analyzed by YouTube and it algorithm. So if you can like the more you actually say your keywords through your speech or your script the more they're going to pick up on that which is like a really good thing to do. And then of course down here we have so down here we have your tags. Again, I fill these pretty much to the top full of niche keywords and actual like video specific keywords. So, I've always got YouTube algorithm, how the algorithm works, YouTube growth, YouTube marketing, YouTube tips, algorithm hacks, algorithm tips, YouTube algorithm, how the algorithm works, how to go viral on YouTube, how to grow on YouTube. So, as you can see, like I've nearly got like 500 characters worth of pure YouTube algorithm and YouTube growth. Now, if you don't know what to do for your actual tags, there is a specific tool that I sometimes use, which is called Rapid Tags. Now, I'm going to show you exactly how to use it because I've actually got a really good way of using it that not many other people actually teach you. So, if we go to rapid tags.io, use tag generator. And now, what we're going to do is I want to copy my title in here and then dash and then I put my niche. So, YouTube growth. Now, a lot of people will just tell you to put your title in there. But if you add your title and your niche, you're then going to get tags related to your niche and your title, which is exactly what we want. So, if I now click enter, I've got how to grow on YouTube, my niche, how the algorithm works, the video itself. So, YouTube algorithm, how to the algorithm, YouTube growth, YouTube growth. So, already this tag generator has now given me so many keywords on both the niche and the like the actual video itself, which is perfect. That's exactly what we want. Um, and make sure you always put your niching guys because it really does help. Okay, so that's kind of like the basis of the actual video done. And if you remembered, I said that you should speak or say your keywords within your script or your speech throughout a video if possible. So there's a reason why I do this. And if I click on languages here, as you can see, look, now we have different translations. And this is what you call your subtitles. So, YouTube will automatically run through your video and create subtitles based on what you've said in your video. So, as I said, you have to say your keyword. If I click on subtitles here, look already. So, this is what YouTube itself has actually done for me. And within the very first sentence, I've got there are many misconceptions about the YouTube algorithm in 2024. So already we have a keyword at the start of the video that YouTube has literally picked up and analyzed itself. So I would always suggest having your keyword said at the start of your video because now it's going to be picked up here. And having these subtitles here is another form of SEO because you can see there YouTube algorithm. So again, it's just another sneaky little area to include some SEO. And like when the like the algorithm actually analyzes your video, it analyzes everything. your title, your thumbnail, your tags, your hashtags, your speech, your script, like the actual like images within the video. It takes everything into account. So, if you can like squeeze your like actual keywords in like in everywhere, you have a much better chance of having the algorithm pick your video up and push it to the right people. But not only that, we can actually like double or five times the amount of times this keyword actually appears. So, here you can see I've got Filipino, German, Hindi, and Spanish. So, I've basically gone in and translated, auto translated this original script here to all of these different languages. So, I've got here the keyword YouTube algorithm in English. And then I've also got it in Filipino, in German, in Hindi and Spanish, too. So, that's five times the amount of like spoken keywords just on subtitles. So, what you need to do to do this is add language. Let's say I want to speak in Chinese. So, click on Chinese. Click on add down here. And then it's going to give us the option to auto translate. And now I've basically got here the YouTube algorithm keyword in there too. Now I click publish and I've got Chinese subtitles on there. And there we go. Now one more place you can include keywords is actually within the video description itself which I haven't included on this specific video but I will show you on the next one. So again here is probably one of my best performing videos on the entire channel. Um, so the next place, the optional place you can include them, I always include timestamps. And timestamps also offer a great opportunity for some keywords because these are like your video chapters. Now, you can choose whether or not to include them. I always do because it makes it easier for you guys to go down there and click and skip parts you already know or stuff that bors you or get to the juicy bits. And as you can see here, this video is obviously 14 things you must do after uploading YouTube videos. So, this is all about like 14 things you must do. Um, and all about YouTube growth. And as you can see here, YouTube video name, YouTube video, YouTube video, YouTube playlists, YouTube thumbnails, YouTube tags for SEO. All of these here are really good keywords that help my video get ranked higher and pushed in front of your guys faces on the home feed. Um, and these are natural. like although these are literally pure keywords because they're video titles and they're chapter titles, the algorithm will pick these up and use them when it considers your SEO ranking. So there are all of those key places where you can include SEO. And I would suggest if you have the time guys, do it because it really really does help the YouTube and its algorithm to just analyze your video and find the right like audience for that video because when you're new or when you're small and when you have a really small audience, the the the role of the algorithm is to like find the right audience for every single video you post. Sometimes it gets it wrong, sometimes it gets it right. But by including SEO, you just basically help the algorithm by giving it the information it needs to find the right people. And the more information you give, the more it will find the right people as opposed to pushing your video in front of the wrong people. And of course, I don't want to finish this video without saying I do have a brand new YouTube Wealth Academy where I teach you everything to do with YouTube growth. So if you do want to sign up and become one of the students in my big community, sign up today. get $100 off using code 100K. And yeah, I'll see you in there. So, thanks very much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrecisionWells: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  2. @EdenJamir: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  3. @AhmadSaleh-93: YOU'RE AMAZING
  4. @danthecreatr: Come and join my academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  5. @Anakin-z5q: I clicked on settings but I can’t find channel on settings
  6. @ApuBiswas-c3h: sir, I am a professional SEO worker. I want to take your YouTube channel to the top of the rankings.
  7. @Minimalistscience: Clear and straight to the point. Thanks for this
  8. @Thaigerz_dnb: The Vids from Dan help me extremely.
  9. @Bad_Sophists: being a channel who lives and dies by search, this is gold
  10. @Aubrey-c7e5j: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  11. @jugoslav9021: I have a question if i make videos in different language not in english than the keyword must be in that language or not
  12. @PrismRankings: Small creators, gather here
  13. @Margaret-y3w3i: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  14. @spesechoofficial: Apparently, my SEO sucks😅
  15. @SuperHeroFitnessKids: 👍
  16. @BrainFluxReal: Started from bottom, still at bottom
  17. @RedSapphires: Thanks so much.
  18. @segurodigitalonline: Excelente Gratis
  19. @MyloBeruangCeria-b7y: My channel stuck😢
  20. @HealthcityEnglish: Really Helpful , Thanks!

- The Hidden Tricks To Promote Your Music On YouTube // REAL MUSIC VIDEO VIEWS!: Kind: captions Language: en there's about 10,000 videos on how to promote yourself as a YouTuber or a vlogger but if you search how to promote your music on YouTube it's unbelievably laughable how bad the information is and how little of it there actually is especially considering YouTube is so many of your potential fans first impression of you and depending on Whose information you believe it's either the biggest or second biggest music Discovery platform on the web no matter what it's something you should be doing better since YouTube is the world's second largest search engine and 85% of music listening is active as in people are watching the videos not passively streaming in the background but there's tons of secrets that all the big channels and labels know that I've learned over the years in working album release rollouts that most of you don't know so in this video I'm going to teach you everything you need to know about how to promote your music on YouTube and optimize your videos so they can actually get discovered so right from the jump one of the things people get most wrong about how to build a fan base is that you have to do consistent and sustained promotion so if you're not familiar with that that's the Crux of this Channel and what I teach and has helped so many musicians so if you don't know about that after this video you're really going to want to hit the the description because I'm not going to go over that for the 100th time on here but you really should know that so the first thing we're going to discuss is building out your channel page now you may say Jesse what the hell do this have to do with promoting my music and as always I'm going to ask you to chill dog and listen up one of the biggest things musicians miss about why you need to have a great profile on things like YouTube and Spotify is it helps whatever attention you get be maximized so when you get an opportunity it really blows up if you could give listeners more reason to be interested in you they will return to you more often when you make it impossible for your email to be found on your channel page you lose out on press shows or potentially other huge opportunities when you don't have a great trailer on your channel you lose the chance for a fan to build bonds with you when you don't have a neat profile potential team team members may see you as lazy and then not ask to work with you so you need to take the time to make this profile nice and I'm not kidding you when I say this it takes a whole 30 minutes to build out your whole profile so basically click around the tabs and just fill everything out and make it look nice like the other artist you likees profiles look at a few other groups you like see what they do take the best of it and put it together every genre is different and every way people do this feels a little different across music genre so figure out how you should do it for yourself and if you need to format things get something like canva pixel Mater if you don't want to have a huge Photoshop subscription and make it happen but here's a huge thing that makes a huge difference in your Channel's discoverability and how you show up in search one thing even experienced artists Miss is that your channel itself has tags not just the songs so put any keywords people would need to search for whether it's genre location popular song names your own personal names your album names Etc and get them in here so that they potentially show up on search so let's say you have a video with a rat dragging pizza and your band is playing on top of the pizza and he's dragging it through the New York City Subways one of your tags should be Pizza rat video band since giving that YouTube a hint as to what Search terms people would put in for you really helps you get discovered anything people may search for you should go here but remember these Search terms don't guar guarantee you'll be there if people don't get what they're looking for you're going to go down and search so if you're putting the most handsome singer on Earth when you look like Shrek with face tattoos it's not going to go so well you can seriously Ure tons of Search terms here though so go wild then we get to your trailer which should be a video that shows your personality but if you're not comfortable with that it's cool to just put your latest music video here but remember this video autop plays so you want it to be something when someone who lands on your page would want to keep watching or potentially make a a great first impression I know some of you often spend forever on epks but truly telling your story or visually showing a Vibe of what you do in 2 to 4 minutes here can really help convert people over to wanting to support you and get to know your music better and binge your music let's also remember to fill in the suggested channels section with other acts your friends with and the people you collaborate with in fact you can even write other groups that you have things in common with and see if they want to trade these placements so that their fans discover you and vice versa and you start to build a community but trust me what I say if you put a huge artist you respect here not only does it look pathetic it's a waste of time it's better to put nothing here than to put Drake or some other huge artist oh yeah and one small trick many people Miss is that once you have 1,000 subscribers you can get that fancy subscribe Watermark button on top of all your videos like I have in mind do something eye catching with that subscribe button so it actually catches people's attention and they get the hint hint and let it match your aesthetic and truly I've seen so many people up their subscriptions with that little nudge okay but now we want to populate this Channel with some playlist so your channel page looks nice like this if you have numerous playlists you want to make sure there's these nice horizontal rows so fans can easily navigate through them but the top row should be whatever is going to be the best first impression for fans to get to know you and remember you could do playlists for all sorts of things particularly I like to do music videos lyric videos full album stream alternate versions like acoustic songs or remixes behind the scenes and personality videos that show what you're like in real life whatever could be categorized make a playlist of it but if you have more than 20 songs out make a greatest hits playlist of the best five or the bangers or whatever feels good to call it and put that first since you want to make the best first impression and listeners are used to going to Spotify and hitting play on your five most popular songs so if you give people that opportunity to do it on YouTube it makes your discovery way easier and makes it more likely they're going to like you when they hear your best material first while we're on the subject the playlist let's go deeper on them first off something most people miss about playlists is they need descriptions this can help them come up and search but also could give the viewers more context be sure with music playlist to title them with more than music videos and give some context so they are more searchable and it'll also help so when they get shared the preview comes up with some context when a potential fan gets sent that from a friend just like I advise on Spotify and if you haven't watched my video on how to promote yourself on Spotify it's down in the description you should be making playlists of your favorite bands local to you and in your scene and sharing that and tagging the groups on social media when you share them and whenever you update the Spotify playlist come here and do the same this also teaches YouTube's algorithm to recognize you as similar to those groups and can get fans of those groups to hear you if the other Group shares it but it's really important to make a playlist of similar acts who are around your size and fan base and share them on your socials regularly and tag them when you share these playlists on social media as this can really help build out your YouTube views as well as getting you into the algorithm properly and if you're curious how to find these other groups my video on how to find Community is linked in the description and that will teach you how but like I always tell you share playlists on social media not single videos since Spotify and YouTube will play other artists they choose after your song is done whereas you can choose what the listeners you drive to those platforms here next when you share playlist instead but here's another trick whenever you release a new single make a playlist by its name which doesn't need to be listed on your channel page of that song you can make it private by clicking a simple button and then put the songs of yours that you think fans would like the most to play after it and more on to what to do with that in a minute since these can be really powerful but now you're thinking about what about those video title screens at the end of every video where they suggest me to watch another video that's what we call end screens and you can enter that on each video and customize it to each one you can even make templates and import them but you could put up a choice of playlists or videos as well as a subscribe button I really think it's best to put up that playlist I just talked to you about where you suggest the songs most like the last one people just heard since it's more likely to get them addicted and if you do that playlist of all the songs that are similar to the song you just put up you're more likely to drive up your watch time and YouTube's more likely to suggest you in the algorithm since that's one of the things they really care about just remember end screens are like 5 to 25 seconds long and keeping them on the short side can really help videos since fans get intimidated by longer videos so if you're adding on a bunch of dead air so it doesn't go over the end of the video that could sometimes hurt your watch time but here's the thing whenever you release a new single it's your duty to go in and update all those cards and end screens and playlists of your old videos so that they can link to your new single and I know this gets it's really annoying trust me record companies and management companies have lowlevel interns and employees doing this all day every day but I'll say this it gets a little easier if you use the app tube buddy which does have a cheap tier which is some great software that ranges from free in price to a budget dollars a month that'll make updating and navigating YouTube way more easy to manage now let's talk about titles and thumbnails so here's a funny thing for YouTubers and vloggers a thumbnail is like everything about getting the click I have to spend so long on all my thumbnails and tiles it's ridiculous because they really do help you get clicks but for music videos it's real simple since you really want to just choose the most provocative image from your video that will make people say I want to see more of that that invites curiosity since that's the whole game here it's that simple since music works way different than YouTuber videos since it's not subject based but that does bring me to your video title you need to keep it simple with the artist name song name and then what it is lyric video visualizer official music video or whatever it is you need that there and if you want to add more context or be silly or whatever but you could always do this title dash dash if there's some other unique draw to the video like you have a big star in it or there's a unique visual but truly what to remember with thumbnails is they are often compared to the packaging of a product that you'd see in like a toy store in that the better the thumbnail looks the more likely it is to be clicked so figuring out how you design it so it feels right in your Niche and genre and it feels feels like it's high quality is going to get more people to click it when they see it in search or browse oh yeah and if you want to make sure your thumbnails are legible and good use the free website thumbs up to see what they look like at tons of different sizes so that you know they'll work on every device but since big YouTubers use the title to create curiosity a lot of the time you can't do that so let's remember there's another factor that gets you clicks as a musician you know on YouTube If you Mouse over a video you see a preview of the first 30 seconds or so well a lot of people think of that as a trailer for the video so a lot of people will find how to preview the coolest shots of their music video and make that the first few frames sometimes they'll put a montage at the top of the song with a few sound effects before it starts so people really get drawn in on what the music video is but now let's talk about descriptions and tags YouTube is always changing how they use the description and tags for search so I like to be safe here let's start with description first describe the video and do any linking for pre-order streams or any other sites or anything else you want to promote at the Top If there's some crazy visuals describe them in words that a way a fan would search for them if a friend showed them the video and then they went home and wanted to search for that video again so if it's a video where you have a bunch of people slicing themselves up with broken CDs then describe that here that's right you're a real Twisted artist look at you anyway then do credits including the producer and mixer of the song since this could be something that comes up in search which can help you get discovered if they blow up or if they're famous along with any performers and video directors and then credit everyone involved in the video for the same reasons you'd be shocked how many groups get tons more views when a director or actor blow up after your video's been out for a while and you can benefit from this inv used next and this is important make sure you put your lyrics since it helps your video come up in search if someone searches for that lyric that they remembered if someone Googles that lyric they liked as long as your lyrics are't generic is all hell it will come up and search and then this potential fan will find your video and hopefully fall for you and you'll build a fan for life lastly at the bottom of the description you can do some hashtags if you want those to show up up above your video by the title I find this kind of corny for musicians but if you want fans to participate in social media hashtag campaigns or you want to tag your genre so it's a reinforced to the fans go for it but what about tags which are different than hashtags down below when you're entering all your videos information you can tag it for search just like we did your channel and it's very similar if your video has a crazy visual put that along with the song titles and any terms someone may search and then of course any genres or micro genres that your song is it even misspellings of your name this is where they should go since tags allow search to factor it in and give greater context to what you could potentially come up for when people search on YouTube so let's talk about actually promoting a video on YouTube the first days are very important that you build some momentum before your videos even up if you have a catalog of YouTube videos already go in your analytics and find out when your fans are online by looking at those analytics and release your video an hour or two before so they can see your video before it gets buried in all the videos they're subscribed to as well YouTube has premieres as a feature which you can have fans tuned into and watch and chat with them in the room while the video is premiered which is amazing for Bond building and a great way to to try to get it so that people can be reminded about your videos since fans can click a remind button when they see it in their subscriptions feed and then get reminded when it's out and drive up your views but what I like about it the most is it makes a big difference since they can recommend it to people who've already watched your content and get seeed the subscription and browse functions for two weeks before your song even comes out and people can be reminded about you honestly it's a really good promotion plan and people don't take enough advantage of it just don't over use this tool and only use it on your biggest events one of the reasons I recommend putting the music video out last in the cycle after a video with just one screened a lyric video is that the algorithm will show you in Discovery if someone watched it before and then they're much more likely to watch that music video if they're even mildly interested after all the music video is your biggest event and we can prepare people to make a bond with you while also being able to build relationships with the song when they feel the song in a greater way from watching it so when you release your video we're going to try to get links up on social media and message boards and as I've discussed in my videos before you want to check it and send it to people who have expressed interest in your band before because this is a big moment you should be texting people you've met and checking in and asking how they are and then tell them about your new music video and hopefully they'll share it but let's talk about appealing to YouTube's algorithms since that's where most views come from we have to remember YouTube will put you in the recommended videos and other browser features if people have watched your videos before and they'll do it more so if you show some engagement that's what helps build it up so let's talk about how you drive that engagement so the algorithm does that for you first download the YouTube studio app and put it on your phone and let it notify you when you get comments and respond as fast as you can since you're most likely to get a response if you respond fast listen I have like a million jobs to do but if you've ever commented on some of my videos you see I often respond pretty fast with a comment when you write back to them try to keep the conversation going too ask them a question question say something that's openend so maybe you can get feedback from them the more engagement here the more the algorithm will like it and plus they have to click on the video to comment back on it which counts as another view also remember that that little heart button that's only available to the creator of the video will send notifications to a fan that you love the comment and it's a great trick for many people to get more engagement and one of the things I think is really really cool to do is if you haven't answered every comment you can start answering them right before your next video drops are Harding them if you want to be fast and a lot of time that will drive that video into that person's algorithm since you recently had an interaction with them I've seen it work with the people I work with and it really does make a huge difference anyway right when your video drops you want to pin a comment that allows people to build a relationship with you I ask fans a question about themselves ask about an Easter egg you put in the video if anyone caught it or ask them something that ties in with the video that will get them interacting with it just remember the bigger Splash you make make with the video in the first 1 to 7 Days the better now you may be wondering if you should be Go Gang Busters the first hour but we have to remember not everyone has time to watch a video when you Premiere it so you need to remember this is a sustained push and remember the bigger spot you make the more likely the algorithm is to help you so we're going to work on this for 30 days and continuously push it now let's do a quick talk about editing and end screens when you have long drawn out Parts before your video starts remember in YouTube Studio you can see people dropping off and stop watching by going to this graph now most videos goal is to look like a hockey stick and not one with splinters or crooked edges but if you're seeing a double-ended hockey stick at the end you could go in YouTube studio and trim off the end of the video if the song was already done the same goes if you put one of those dumb Music Stops where you have a plot in the middle of your video type things God I hate those if you want to get rid of it cuz it's screwing up watch time you can edit it out later YouTube favors the videos that keep people watching and have long sessions so this really matters oh and one more cool trick of these editing functions if you do already have a fan base that's enthused to you you can put some behind the scenes footage and tell fans that will only be up in the premiere in the first 24 hours at the end of the video during the premiere but then you can edit it out later and put it in a separate video or your shorts or some Tik toks later but now let's talk about YouTube playlisting I know we constantly talk about Spotify playlisting but if you do that community I talked about before you could find some of the most important ways to promote which is finding these channels that aggregate unknown musicians videos in their micro genres there's tons of YouTube channels that are influencers in genres that will Premiere or playlist songs do searches for your micro genres and try to find them even try to look at sometimes that there's a different channel name on some of the videos that are put out and see if these are those and look at their Channel pages and often in the description they have how you can contact them I find lots of micro genres have these and they could get you on the radar of your most important likely early fans since the people who follow these on their browse page and subscriptions are dieh hard fans looking for this type of music let's also remember a music video is a big event it should get linked high in your link tree Ki or rivet Community page you should really be reminding people about it making scenes from it in shorts and posting the IG and Tik Tok as well let's also remember YouTube has a little known feature on shorts where you can link to your fulllength video which whenever you're promoting a song you should be changing the shorts to link to whichever video is out whether it's the one with just the album cover a lyric video or music video whatever you're pushing the small versions of your video in shorts should be linked here so here's the thing we all know that YouTube shorts and Tik toks is how you really get people pulled into your video but so many people ask me if they should just make videos for shorts so I have a video where I talk about how you make a music video that transfers well to shorts Tik toks and reals which is on the screen now and you should really watch so make sure you watch that next if you really want to level up thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Musformation [14 likes]: If you're enjoying this video and want more like it. For $5 a month I dissect all the most innovative marketing techniques musicians are using to go from 0 to millions of streams RIGHT NOW. .Get videos on how Artemas, Tommy Richman, South Arcade, Durry, Pluko, Dasha & many more blew up. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0a-qcXVlh4Teya-EiEz-GA/join
  2. @FullKarenMusic [1 likes]: As a solo underground political hip hop artist, I've done most of this stuff....and with over 24 songs over 2 years, most songs are less then 100 views. I'm a graphic designer who used lots of metatags, lyrics, playlist....nothing. Starting to think I need a name change...
  3. @VibeNova-Energy [1 likes]: Thanks for this great information!
  4. @mannumusic0 [1 likes]: Thank you so much sir.  Your videos are helpful, I will try few of these tricks on my upcoming music video. ❤❤
  5. @spurzo-thespiralspacewolf8916 [1 likes]: Why doesn’t the thumbnail image I upload stay visible after the song is played. The thumbnail disappears and there is just a black screen. How do I get the thumbnail to stay visible while the song is being played?
  6. @TopSoftBot [1 likes]: I’ve been experimenting with some offbeat tactics lately too — when paired with the right visuals and timing, the algorithm response is wild. Sometimes it’s not about more budget, but knowing where to place the spark.
  7. @DaisyValdez-s1u: Bro 🧉🧉
  8. @mehdiwadoud8098: Bro that’s not how you should be « teaching » people you speak too fast
  9. @Brownpreety: Thank you
  10. @Timewave82FM: Trying to get this banging channel off the ground! Back to the 80's - check it out! 🔥
  11. @Dr.withnodegree: I’m new to putting my album on Spotify n YouTube many tell me to do this before DistroKid any advice?
  12. @Viralentertainment420: Very good advice.. 👍 dropping my third lyrical visualizer
  13. @FuegoPlaylist: where do we put the key words for the page??? could of showed us
  14. @remwavey: Listen to my music real
  15. @twillymusic: Thanks! Great information. :popcorn-yellow-striped-smile::yt::elbowcough:
  16. @huhawnawno: algorythmic crap. now all youtube shows is music videos. WHY!
  17. @johnrogerperry2386: Great info. Thanks.👍
  18. @welcome_2_branland: I wanted to know if it matters very much to have square album art videos vs rectangular. I was considering archiving and reuploading in some kind of rectangular version..pls lmk ur thoughts. Thanks
  19. @NavahPrayers: Am here to know if shorts hurts music channels? should I post shorts in my main channel or not?
  20. @MandyETrumble.CelticComposer: Thanks for the great tips! I've got some work to do! 😉

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- I studied 100+ hooks, this strategy will make you go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is a hook and this is a hook. I've spent hundreds of hours scouring the internet to find the best hook strategies and the results have taken my views from this to this. In today's video, I'm going to break down how you can use hooks to get the same results. By the way, this video is sponsored by Story Blocks. More on them later. There has been a huge shift when it comes to how successful creators, keyword successful, have been approaching their hooks. And the shift is this. They are no longer thinking about hooks as a catchy sentence. Instead, they're thinking about hooks like a moment. So, it's a mixture of words, visuals, and pacing, which is designed to grab your audience's attention. Now, I'm not going to spend loads of time talking about why hooks are super important, because at the end of the day, you know why they're important. They take up those precious first few seconds of your content that are designed to grab your audience's attention. And if you don't do it well, people will scroll past your content, and you will not get the views, the engagement, and genuinely the recognition that your content deserves. So, let's break down what thinking of your hooks as a moment actually means. There are now three core elements that make up a fantastic hook. And again, I say now because previously there really was just one element which was saying a really catchy sentence, which is definitely something I was guilty of for years. I'm going to show you some examples later. Don't you worry. We're moving on from it being one catchy sentence to it being a whole moment. And there are three elements which make up that moment. There are the words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your content. There are the visuals. So, these are the stuff that people see on your content. And there's the pacing. So, this is how quickly you actually get through your initial hook and video intro. Now, I want to break each of these elements down further so that you can truly understand how to utilize each to create an amazing hook. And later on in this video, I'm going to share real life examples of my own content when I've done it well and when I've done it not so well. So, let's talk about the words first. So, these are things that you're either saying on camera or just words that your audience can hear within the first few seconds of your video content. In order for the words that your audience are hearing to be effective, you want them to be specific, surprising, and hopefully create a bit of tension. For example, instead of saying, "Here are three tips to grow on Instagram, this is one that I'm pretty sure I've probably used in the past, and you know what? Maybe that worked in the past. I'll give myself some grace." Nowadays, those words aren't going to cut it. Instead, you might want to say something like, "Here's the reason nobody cares about your Instagram posts." Do you see how much more dramatic that alternative option is? You essentially want to give all of your words like a bit of a drama test. Are they dramatic enough? Could you be a bit more dramatic in what you're saying and in your delivery? Honestly, the more dramatic it is, the more likely it is to actually capture people's attention and stop them scrolling. The second element is the visuals. This is the element that's the most new when it comes to how hooks are working on social media nowadays. Previously, words are enough and now we've got to throw in visuals, too. A good hook will have visual elements appear on the screen that are designed to get your audience's attention. So whether that's captions, special effects, graphics, or maybe you just do something really interesting in the first few seconds of your video that gets someone's attention. A really great example of this is the foreshadowing trend. Do you guys remember that? Where people would basically take a clip of them doing something really embarrassing like maybe they fell over or something and they would frontend the video with that clip. So the first few seconds of the video would be them falling over and the rest of the video would be snippets which show the events which led up to them falling over. This trend worked so well, not only because it was super funny and interesting, but also because it had a hook built into its template. It literally forced you to open with the most exciting part. And in this example, that was something visual. Third element is pacing. During the first few seconds of your video, you need to bring the energy. Okay? You need to have some energy and some pacing in that video. We do not want a slow start. We do not want pauses unless they're used effectively. And again, I'm going to show you some examples of a pause being used effectively in just a moment. What we don't Oh, my dog's slipping. By the way, my dog just got neuted, so she's in this little outfit so that she doesn't bother her scar. They wouldn't give her a cone because she has too long of a nose. Anyway, what we want to do if we're using pauses is we want to use them for dramatic effect. What we don't want to do is use the millennial pause. Have you guys heard about the millennial pause? It's essentially when people, usually millennials, take this breath before they film. It comes back to us not growing up around video technology and therefore us not being used to being able to film each other. So we take this breath before we film because we want to check that the camera is actually recording. Whereas younger people like Gen Z and Gen Alpha grew up with the ability to film others. So when they film themselves, they immediately start talking because they trust that their camera is already filming them. Isn't that mind-blowing? I did a video on it on Tik Tok. It went viral. I got in the sun newspaper. Also got trolled quite a lot. It was a whole moment. So, when you combine the right words, visuals, and pacing, you will end up with an incredible hook. Now, before I show you some real life examples of hooks that have worked well and haven't worked so well, I do want to take a quick second to share a resource that you should be using inside your hooks to level them up. And that resource is Story Blocks. Now, one of my favorite videos that I shared within the last few months is this one. And what you'll notice about this post is that I really nailed the visual element of this hook. All right, within the first few seconds of this post, you'll see some incredible videos pop up on the screen. Now, it may or may not surprise you to know that I did not capture that video footage. That video footage is actually stock media that I obtained from Story Blocks. Now, if you don't know about Story Blocks already, it's a stock media subscription service which gives you unlimited access to highquality videos, images, sound effects, audio, templates, and so much more. They're all about helping creators and businesses enhance their projects without any extra costs and with more peace of mind. Now, there's a couple ways that they do this, right? The first is by offering unlimited stock media downloads at one set price. So, this means that you have everything you need in one place. 4K video, HD video, templates, sound effects, images, and more. And this is all available to you at one predictable monthly cost. So, you don't have to worry about pay-per-click pricing or any hidden fees. Another way that they do this is by offering clearcut licensing. So, any of the assets that you use are actually covered by the highest legal coverage in the industry. so you can really focus on creating and not having to worry about things like copyright strikes. Their stock library is also frequently refreshed, which means it always contains high-quality, diverse content, which really reflects the human experience, which is very important when it comes to storytelling in the world of AI. I do actually have a special treat for you when it comes to joining Storyblocks. You can get three extra months for free when you sign up to their annual plan. Head to storyblocks.com/jadebon to take advantage of this limited time offer. Thank me later. All right, let's do some case studies. Let's compare some good hooks that I've used and some bad hooks that I've used. I'm actually really excited for this section cuz it's going to be incredibly exposing. Let's ease myself into this by starting off with an example of a good hook. This is a hook that I used on a recent post that performed really well for me. I cried over social media this morning. Embarrassing, I know, but I was going through my content and I was struck with this sudden thought. I'm flopping. Now, let's use the three core elements of a successful hook to actually break down why this worked. The first is the words. I actually started this video by talking about something that's quite emotional. Like I was talking about the fact that I had been crying over my content, which is embarrassing, but watch the full video for context. If you open a video with emotional words, exposing words, very vulnerable words, that is a great use of that element of your hook. It's going to grab people's attention. Now, let's look at the visuals, cuz there was a few things going on here. I was walking towards the camera, which created some movement. I had my captions appear on the screen in a very specific style, right? And you'll see this as a pattern. I basically had every word appear as I said it because this encourages my audience to read and listen along. Great for engagement, great for attention. I also had some screenshots and some graphics appear on the screen as well. In terms of the pacing, it was fast. There was no dead air. If I'm being honest, my pacing for all of these examples are pretty much the same. I feel like when you create content for 5 years, you do get to a point where you nail the pace of your content. So, that's pretty consistent across the board. A quick tip for me here before I give you an example of a hook that didn't work so well is I tend to do my hooks multiple times. So, I tend to film at least three different takes of my hooks, and usually the third take is the best take. I don't do that for the rest of my video content, but the hook is so important that I like to give it a little bit extra practice. All right, here's one that didn't work very well. Instagram is constantly changing. Here are a few things that you should be doing to make sure that you don't fall behind. This is actually a really good video. Like, all these videos are probably equally as valuable. One of the main reasons why it doesn't perform as well is simply because the hook wasn't as effective. Now, the words and the pacing of this video was totally fine. I think where this video fell down was on the visuals. There wasn't much going on apart from when I had the big words appear behind my face. Now, whilst that's engaging and interesting, we actually highlighted the wrong words. What we should have highlighted was Instagram because that's the thing that would have grabbed our audience's attention, right? So, I guess a pro tip for me on this one is to make sure when you're crafting your hook, you're doing it with your audience in mind. Another example of a video that worked really well, I had to share this one because at the time of filming, this one has over 11,000 likes. I have never had that many likes on an Instagram video before. Like, that's insane. And it's actually part of a new series that I'm doing because it was so wellreceived. Something weird is happening on Instagram right now. Trends are emerging which are helping creators blow up. Now, all three elements of this hook were just nailed if I do say so myself. The words, me starting off by saying, "Something weird is happening on Instagram right now." 10 out of 10. That is going to immediately grab my audience's attention. It sparks so much curiosity. It makes them think, "Hold on, what's happening on Instagram?" Right? That paired with the visuals, we had a fast zoom. We had the text which was synced with my speech. We had a quick snapshot of all the trends that I was about to break down. And we had the strong headline. This was all within the space of a few seconds, guys. And as I mentioned, the pacing is pretty much standard across the board, but this was a great example of a hook. Now, I feel responsible for sharing this final example because I'm pretty sure I would have given advice to create a hook like this in the past. And look, I'm not going to say I was wrong because this worked at one point in time. It just doesn't work anymore. 80% of adults consume content across multiple formats. This video is actually a cut down of a longer form video. And what that means as a result is that the initial words that were being said weren't that engaging. I led with a stat like 80%. Who cares about a stat? That's not interesting. There was virtually no visuals outside of my captions. And as always, the pacing was pretty decent. But the other two elements were not hitting. And I wanted to share this one because it brings up a really important tip. If you are going to repurpose your long- form videos into reals, you will probably need to film a separate hook for them. And that's okay. They're still worth repurposing. Do not get me wrong. It's just that most of the time when you're repurposing a long form video, you are going to find it incredibly difficult to find a snippet which actually starts with something that will actually be an effective hook in this day and age. Like, you're just going to find it difficult. So, you might need to film a separate one which nails those three elements. All right, I think we've gone pretty deep already, but I'm not going to leave you there. I do want to share some very specific hacks that you can copy from those hooks that I shared that will help you level up your content instantly. Hack one is probably the easiest of all of these hacks and it's to use pauses effectively. You know how earlier on in this video I spoke about not wanting to do the millennial pause. We don't want that. But at times you can actually pause for effect and it can work wonders for your content. I actually have not one but two examples of me doing this. I got ghosted like hundreds of times. We need to talk about Becca Bloom. As you can see, I very much use pauses for effects in both of those videos, and it helps me land what I was trying to say better, right? So, try using pauses in your next hook and see if it works for you. The next hack is definitely the most creatively challenging hack. And this one is about dynamic editing. Now, this one is honestly one of the hardest ones to implement because it requires a lot of time and effort. And that is coming from me, someone who only does the pre-production and the production of my content. I don't do the post-p production. So, I have different editors. I have an editor for my long form, an editor for my short form. I even have someone who helps me schedule and post all of my content as well. So, keep in mind that if I'm saying this is difficult to do, then if you are doing every element of your content creation, please know that this is probably going to be challenging, too. But it is creatively fulfilling. I will say that dynamic editing basically requires you to do something unexpected with the way that you're editing your content. And to be fair, this can also include your filming. For example, you could open with a unique angle like this one, right? This is not an angle that you often see on short form content, although you are seeing it more lately, and that increases the likelihood of it capturing people's attention because it's not something they're used to seeing. Another example, and one that can sometimes take a while to get your head around, is when you mix B-roll and a voice over to make you speaking to the camera a bit more interesting. Here's an example. I'm Jon. I became a full-time content creator in just 6 months. And this is my content to cash series episode 3. Did you notice how I opened with B-roll and then a voice over and then I opened my laptop and spoke directly to the camera? That is dynamic editing. That is something that is unexpected and that is something that is going to make your hook better. That video itself performed so well. It got tens of thousands of views. The final hack I want to share with you is about creative text. Now, I did mention this one previously, but it is worth saying again because it is one of the most effective ways to create an effective hook. This is basically when you get creative with your captions. So, it's about taking your autogenerated captions one step further and actually writing out every word that you say so that it appears on the screen as you say it. What this does is encourage your audience to read the words on the screen as they're appearing, which means that they're reading along as you're speaking. It is incredible when it comes to engagement. Like, think about how much more likely you are to soak in what someone's saying if you're reading what they're saying whilst you're hearing them speak those words to you. Like, it's just a different experience. Great for attention, great for engagement. I really recommend that you try it. If you found this video useful, I recommend watching this one. It's all about the five habits that every creator should do every single week if they want to grow their audience on any platform. Do not forget that you can get three whole Storyblocks on their annual plan. Just head to storyblocks.com/jadebon or click the link in my description to make the most of this limited time offer. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I cannot wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonJason210 [8 likes]: What I'd like to know is what motion graphics templates you used.
  2. @JadeBeason [5 likes]: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  3. @CoachArmin [1 likes]: SOLID ! and SIMPLE ! Took notes. My  videos get like 20 views LOL. I hate promoting them as it gets me NPC subs. Grateful for you making this video for us noobs.
  4. @nelsonbolivar7171 [1 likes]: Don't tell lies. You didn't studied 100+ hooks. You just were talking about a couple of your videos posted online. 😂😂😂😅
  5. @Readtheroombaddies: This is game changer. ❤
  6. @priyalmehta_444: What's a B Roll?
  7. @ViktorPetroOv: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators ignore. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a massive difference, especially with how fast people scroll today 👍

honestly this made me realize why some of my older videos tanked… i was warming up instead of starting strong 😅

definitely one of those videos people need to watch before blaming the algorithm
  8. @AURetrocomps: Super practical breakdown on hooks—this is exactly what most creators miss. The way you explained grabbing attention in the first few seconds makes a huge difference, especially for growth. Definitely taking notes from this one 👏
  9. @SheSoulGlidzzz: As always amazing. I finally past the fear of posting myself 😂😂😂. Understanding have a few diff pages. I want to document and post as a female driver. I enjoy shorts…. 
Would anyone recommend staying with 1 right now? 

I have heard shorts are harder to get followers, monetized… 

Watch hours….. how does it work? @jadebeason ❤you have been 🤙🏾💜☀️🧘🏾🔥🎯 beautiful happy day
  10. @PriyaRaniDYT: Started my YouTube journey recently. Sending success and growth to every creator 🤍
  11. @mannishh02: THANK YOU for SHARING this INFORMATIVE VIDEO 💯👏🏻
  12. @xothinkingofyouxo: great vid but i want to point out that’s not where the millennial pause came from. we definitely grew up filming each other. it’s because on instagram it used to cut off the beginning of the video when you started filming so you had to wait a second.
  13. @simply-passive: Thanks for this !
  14. @tappure: I don’t even watch videos. I mainly just listen to YouTube videos
  15. @yoongigirl2.0: Chatgpt recommend this to me ❤😂
  16. @Calafiori24: how long did it take u to get to 208,000 view from just over 4000 using these hook strategies?
  17. @GioriaOkoliko: Do you pay to use story blocks or are they affordable?
  18. @ethnica2622: I know this should work great for those who are speaking at the camera, but what about creators who are not showing themselves? If have a client with account I’m managing and it’s impossible to make her speak or show her face.
  19. @danelelouw: wow. loved this. I would like to know, what app did you use for the text to go behind your head or that big font which I like very much
  20. @ADawg478: 🔥🔥

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- How to Get Out of Small Channel H3LL, Forever: Kind: captions Language: en we need to be real Here YouTube Simply isn't the same for small channels as it is for larger channels in fact let's play a game howdy Audy everyone Nate here in the small channel game on YouTube there are two places that we could be we can either be hidden and struggling forever and ever and ever or we can be visible and do specific things to get out of that hid in place forever you see as I've been recently working with hundreds of YouTube creators one-on-one having access to the analytics of the channel itself a few things have started to become very clear to me number one is that small channels have different rules they don't perform the same as larger channels and in fact I'm going to give you some examples of how the rules are different for smaller channels on this channel that you're watching right now when I upload a 4K video a high resolution video which all of my videos are it takes about 2 minutes for that video to process before it is essentially ready to publish right then now contrast that with a client's channel that is significantly smaller when we upload a video to that channel same thing 4K resolution similar length of video it takes at least an hour to 2 hours to process another example and this comes from multiple clients Channel I have seen the behavior over and over again of publishing a video having a spike and then a flatline meaning that the algorithm decides to test that video and then stop giving Impressions to that video for a period and sometimes that pattern will repeat you'll have a test period of flat and then another test period and then another flat and I could go on and on with how the rules are different for smaller channels and in fact I am going to give more examples throughout this video the important thing here is we are not mongering is that the right word we're not complaining here because as far as I can tell with the examples I gave the faster processing time on my Channel versus a smaller Channel it makes sense that if a channel has more data to work with and more audience to prove their stuff with then they'll give more allocation of resources to that Channel versus a brand new or a smaller Channel it also does make sense and this may be slightly controversial here it makes sense that if there's a limited amount of Impressions to give to all of the YouTube users on the YouTube platform they would give slight priority to larger channels if for no other reason then again the larger channels have more proven content they have a backlog of videos that are showing that they're more successful with their audience and so I'm seeing this Impressions than Flatline Behavior being a testing period Behavior which I'll explain a bit more of that later on so if smaller channels have different rules than larger channels because of the various reasons I've listed and many more that I couldn't fit into this video what do we do about it we make it so that your channel cannot be ignored we make it so that your content is the best content that it can be and we make it so that you as the creator of that content are no longer hiding you're choosing to be radical you're choosing to stand out and face fears and do things differently which will lead to this visibility all right so how do we combat these different rules that small channels have we do it with this focused data what we need to do here is give the algorithm give the YouTube platform more data and if you want a real human way to explain that it's more videos it's more content no matter where you are with your small Channel at this point if you find ways to give more videos for the algorithm to test it's almost always a positive thing as long as those more videos are still quality videos as quality as you're capable of so I hear you we're watching this and you're thinking Nate I want to give more videos I want to do more of these things I want to give more of this focused data to the algorithm but I'm just booked up I have thought long and hard on this especially since it's something that I myself have struggled with there is a book that I read or more listen to recently that absolutely transformed how I looked at this I'm going to put a link to the book in the pin comment if you want to get it for absolutely free but in that book it describes the concept of dropping everything else intentionally just dropping everything else that doesn't give you the focus that you want and it gives really viable strategies for how to do that how to allocate your time in order to do that well so what I'm suggesting here is if you feel like you are in small Channel heck I do that for the algorithm then you get really decisive in cutting off the things that are not contributing to publishing more quality videos because the more tests that we give the algorithm the YouTube platform the more likely it is that you will finally get the traction enough to have that proven backlog of content it's going to work and if that is your goal to get out of this small Channel heck forever drop everything else and do this all right the next thing that keeps your small Channel hidden is this Boop the like button on this video how did that get in here oh my goodness how how did that get in here but really if you're liking the presentation of this video and it's being eye opening and helpful to you I'd love if you booped the like button on it thank you for doing that but really here's the next thing every small Channel faces this audiences literally act different around small channels than they do around large channels and this has much less to do with the YouTube platform itself and much more to do with human psychology which the YouTube algorithm tends to follow you see for small channels audiences act I put strange because that was the shortest way I could say of they act differently in a lot of different ways like for example the types of people that are willing to comment on a brand new channel on a video without many or any other comments are very different than the types of people who are willing to comment on a video with lots of comments in fact Let me Give an example have you ever been to a farmers market where there's a lot of people selling stuff they got their booths set up and they're they've got stuff all set out on the table and they got their price tags and they're just kind of sitting there expectantly have you ever been to one of those how do you as a person Meandering around this farmers market behave differently in front of a booth that has a bunch of people crowded around it versus a booth with no one in front of it in fact you can see the the person sitting behind the table at the booth and they make eye contact with you a mile away and you make eye contact with them and you're still a mile away from them and you're walking up to it how do you act differently there's too much pressure it's the same thing as when you go to the mall and you walk into a clothing store and there's like five employees and one of you you feel like you're getting to get ganged up on it's not a direct parallel but there are more parallels than you might think between those two scenarios that that I just explained and smaller audience Behavior so the audience that you get are the type of audience that are okay with being early adopters they are okay with being the only person at this booth looking at your trinkets they have the time of day to do so meaning they are willing to take a bit more of a chance with you versus a larger channel that is proven that they know how to make quality videos that respect people's time more so they're willing to take a chance but also they're often very into a niche further into a niche than the general or broader YouTube audience now the algorithm does actually treat this differently as well they give Impressions somewhat differently for a small Channel audience as well how do I know this well have you ever gone really into a niche like you've watched a extensive amount of videos on a certain specific topic or a certain Niche you've watched a whole bunch of them in a row on YouTube have you ever gone back to your home feed or the home screen on your mobile or desk Des toop and seen small channels pop up like videos with 15 views on them my theory here is the more an audience member shows their deeper into a niche the more likely the algorithm is to show smaller channels videos to that Niche which is one of the arguments for the so-called niching down because you're more likely to appear to that Niche okay so real talk here how do we combat the audience acting differently we do it with this your channel just is smaller and that is a fact so it's actually greatly to your advantage to acknowledge that and acknowledge that with your audience when your audience comes to one of your videos and feels like wow this person is present they're authentic they're acknowledging where they are and of course they're going to do great things in the future they really respect that so you bringing them into your videos and expecting them to be there and enjoy the experience with you with your presence does huge things for you and I've said this before I'm going to say it again here when you start getting comments to the tune of wow why isn't this channel bigger or comments addressing you directly saying thank you so much for making this video this this video deserves way more views than it has when that starts happening that is one of the indicators that you're doing this right the next thing that keeps your SM the next thing that keeps your small Channel perpetually hidden unless you change it is this blind spots I have a unique perspective here in that this is what I do and I am interacting with creators like yourself along the whole Spectrum from brand new to very very successful every single day across the board when I sit down with someone this is going on at least in some degree you see we all have blind spots when we're trying to accomplish something there are things that we're just not seeing or ideas that haven't been introduced to our mind or awareness yet but this is exacerbated in smaller channels because we don't have as much data to work with we don't have as much realtime feedback from the audience because our videos are more hidden and that is a huge disadvantage unless you're able to intentionally get outside perspective in fact that is perhaps the number one thing that I see when I'm talking with creators like yourself it's hard to know what to focus on or not so how do we combat that with this what I am calling removing the box or essentially getting yourself outside of yourself and your own creation bubble to see what's happening from a third-party perspective because answer me this have you ever built a large YouTube channel before if that's a no then you're being able to see it before or you've done it will be a huge Advantage for you it's one of the reasons why I do my roast videos here on this channel aside from them being all about heck fire and and darn nation and by the way I don't have any issues with swearing I just intentionally don't put them in my videos because it's just not my brand but where was I oh yes roasts it's one of the reasons why I like to show as many real examples as I can because it allows me to put you as a viewer outside the box and deconstruct what I am seeing as a third party perspective so what you need to combat these blind spots is to get outside the box to remove the box and get outside perspective outside thought patterns I have a video in the works about this very thing collaborations and getting outside perspectives on what you are producing I am going extensive with it using real examples and real processes that I have used with great success so I am going to put that here when it's ready in the meantime let's focus on this one focused data what are the next most important focuses we can do to give the the algorithm as much of the correct data as possible in order to do that you'll watch nothing stop me I'm moving up the chain light camera AC feel a be in my veins

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [437 likes]: UPDATE: things have changed! I've found 3 layers that make the difference for small channels (which one are you in?): https://youtu.be/7KL_zwHd2yM

The book is called Essentialism. I've been listening to a LOT of books this year, and this one is top tier so far!
  2. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪 Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @ETCgamer23 [1 likes]: I'm a small channel. Can I have help?
  4. @TheHornedKhagan [1 likes]: wow i myself struggle with should i post just gameplay or just geopolitics through ck3 lens or should i post both this was helpfull but it did not answer this question for me
  5. @abyGetinspired [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s grow together 😊
  6. @godlygirls-2: Second time I've watched this, and I still learned more, thank you!
  7. @Orphyunn: One of the worst parts of being a small content creator is spending hours editing a video and get 0 views. But screw the views, we ball
  8. @TheBelovedLifeco: I’m on the struggle bus over here .  I get pumped and positive …work extra hard and improve ..only to get low views AFTER having one go over 38k.  The videos after are noticeably better.   It’s been 10 videos ago now.  I’m lost about how this works
  9. @VonikaISHere: Very happy for this
  10. @Rogandos: Sometimes I feel like this dream is the only thing I have left to hold onto… the only chance I have to build a better future for my kids. And when things get hard, when ideas stop coming, when I don’t know what to create anymore, it destroys me inside.

People think content creation is easy because all they see are videos and smiles… but they never see the pressure, the sleepless nights, the overthinking, the fear of failing the people you love the most.

I love doing this with all my heart… but lately, the harder I try, the more it hurts. Every overtime, every exhausted night, every moment of self-doubt feels heavier and heavier.

And the saddest part is… I can’t even quit. Because this dream is no longer just for me. It’s for my children. Their future is attached to every upload, every idea, every sacrifice I make.

Sometimes I smile in front of the camera… while secretly fighting tears behind it.
  11. @Starry1-e1y: It's actually an Interesting way to tell your idea.
  12. @GraphitePsychology: Good stuff, informative
  13. @Mr.CorvYT: I already gave up 💀 I spent $400 on AI tools in 2 weeks for my high-quality videos. Also put like 10 hours of time into them collectively. All for nothing AND my videos are higher quality than 90% of videos on YouTube. Make it make sense. 🤷
  14. @hughgibbstv: Thank you for sharing these really helpful and insightful elements of Youtube. Really eye opening thank you - Hugh
  15. @reidjaxon: It’s less about sudden change and more about incentives, scale, and regulation gaps over time
  16. @AREPUBLICOFIDIOTS: How do you make more videos when you are making high quality stop motion videos?!
  17. @pinactivechannel: In the past eight months I changed my niche three times from keto cooking to calm Tokyo life to the current one which is about personal finance. I also switched the language from English to Chinese. For the current niche I have made ten videos but only get 50-100 views on average. Should I start a new channel?
  18. @rendertezgaming: This is the 8th month of my tiny gaming channel. 

I have consistently showed up every Saturday and I work on improving my edits / thumbnails and videos every time.

But lately I have been going nowhere, and it feel like all this work will never pay off. People tell me gaming is the hardest channels to grow on Youtube, and that it's not worth it. 

I get 1 comment a month sometimes telling me I made their day... that is the only reason I'm still here. I wish I'll get my break one day. If not for me, I wish all the other small youtubers get their wishes fulfilled. Cheers.
  19. @Iamabaffoon: New channels forever!!!
  20. @chrisfan-c5z: It is really useful, i also make my own channel but no one watch

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- World's Most Viewed TikToks!: Kind: captions Language: en - I have a list of the 25 most viewed TikTok's ever. - That's millions of views. - Billions actually. - Wow. - And coming in at the 25th place with 213 million views is this. - He's getting a lion hug. Oh my God. Oh. Oh! - Wow, oh my gosh. - Me and my dog do that, but I wouldn't be scared my dog would maul me. - That was the 25th most viewed TikTok in the world. - And we're already in the two hundos? - Now coming in at 24th, is this. So far I cannot tell why this is? - Wait. - What? - Our boy Khaby. - Okay, I was about to say, why is that the most viewed and then now it makes sense. - Yeah, now. It's funny, that took him probably like 10 seconds to film. 24th most viewed TikTok in the world. - That's insane. - That just shows the power of him and why he's gonna be the number one most followed. Coming in at 23 with 230 million views. Oh wait, is this drone guy? I've seen this. - He got 231 from this. This makes me want to do this. - We should do it. - Yo drone guy fly down. ♪ Oh Baby when you talk like that ♪ ♪ You make a woman go ♪ - Is that the guy that got beat by Jarvis in boxing? - I don't know. - You were there, we watched it. - He gave them a heart attack. - This is the 21 most We got a banana. I can see the khaby.lame watermark. You already know you getting hit with the. - Again. - Oh yo, he's got the Naruto shirt. Okay, now I love you even more. Wait, what's he gonna do next? Oh, peel even more. - And then, oh, that's how you get it out. - Gotcha. - Now we know. That's how you remove a banana. Folks this is why he deserves to be the number one most followed person on TikTok. - Everybody would be chopping bananas without this guy. - Without his deeply educational videos. We'd be opening bananas with knives. - The world would be a worst place. - All right, so this has a quarter of a billy views. - Oh, I've seen this. This guy's pretty cool. - You Hungry Bull. - Yes. - He's kind of like Mr. B's if Mr. B owned a gas station. - Assuming these aren't staged. This is really great. - Here you go bro. Enjoy, right. - Love that. - In 19th place with like 2 million extra views. I haven't seen this one. Someone surfing? - What. - Whoa. That's kind of cool. - That's really cool. - This only has another million views more. 900 k, after 23 hours of work. - Ready with new drawing. Please watch to the end. This why I got so many views. - I'm surprised this is actually a longer TikTok for this to get 250 million views. - It's 'cause watch time, TikTok is all about stretching out that watch time, bro. - I mean the drawings were good but I'm kind of surprised that was the 18th most viewed TikTok on the platform. But I digress onto number 17. Oh, is this that David Dover thing? - Yeah, where he fills his backyard with foam. - Did David post this or did the phone guy post it? - I think David posted this on his TikTok. - Thanks. And at number 16 with 267 million views a lot are hovering around this. Hey, it's that Fortnite guy. I thought it was that. that guy from the zombie movie. It's the guy from that fresh show. - With that prince in Bel Air. - Oh yeah. - No, no, no, no. It's that guy that works with the secret service to find- - Oh for the FBI, yeah. - the alien. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I thought that was the Ah. - Oh, it's the guy from YouTube Rewind. - Yeah. Now I know who it is. - Ah. - The bit is, we don't know who Will Smith is. - It's funny, just laugh. Pause. Here's a list of our most recent subscribers. I'm gonna pick this. G mani, vo one. I don't know, but congratulations. You just won a thousand dollars. And if you guys haven't already hit that subscribe button because next time I film a video, I'm gonna give another thousand dollars to someone who recently subscribes. - Hit it. I saw this. I saw this one, this had like 7,000 likes and I knew this was gonna go viral. It's a lot of meta viral TikToks where they like show a video and then do it. - It's very meta. All the meta stuff goes viral. - I need to do one of those. - You need to be meta. You already see the watermark. - Is he about to hit her with it. - All right. How else would we use toilet paper that, I don't understand? - Oh - Wait you just remove it from the side. - Oh my gosh. That's how you use toilet paper? - Think of everybody's butts. They'll be so clean now. He's saving lives. - Oh, I love this. - I love cats. Look at him. He's like, get me. - Yo, I wanna do this with my dog. Grab a roll of toilet paper and put like a treat inside of it. Yo, someone remind me to do that. Oh, I've seen this. This is one of Khaby's first few videos. Thank you. - Good job. - Thank you for teaching us how to open a door. - What's that? - You did it. All right, now we're in the 300 million views. All right, number 10. All right, I don't. - I wonder why this is number number 10. - Yo, the ceiling's looking pretty good here. - Yeah, it's good. - Nice ceiling. I really, I'm a very big fan of our ceiling. I'm glad we soundproof the ceiling. Oh, oh all right. Anyways, now that we're done talking about the ceiling onto number nine. - Oh oh. - He almost hit that thing. Now you have a mirror so you can see now you're good. - Okay. Wait, let's see his genius solution. What's he doing? - Oh. - Oh my God. And he also has Saskay on his shirt. - Really? - Hm-mm So yo. - Oh and his shorts. - I didn't realize he was a big Naruto fan. That explains why he's number one. - Yeah, exactly. - Hey, it's Billy Eyelash re upload on coochie destroyer five. No, it's not a re upload. That's her name on TikTok. - Is it really? - Wait, what? I love Billie Eilish so much. She's so funny. - You're trolling me. - No, it really is. I never noticed and I've seen her TikTok's before. Let me double check. Hold on. It used to be back in the day. Okay, no, I guess it's not. I thought it was, somebody fact check us. - In seventh place with 380 million views. Ah, look at the cute baby. You could have got 380 million views if you did this with Tucker. I got 23 million with Tucker. - Not enough. - M to the B, M to the B. - Of course. M to the B, M to the B. - Boom. - I will never understand how this got 400 million views but can't argue with it. We just made a jump for 400 million views to 659 million views. - That's a lot of views. - Shirley this next TikTok has to be very high quality. - My name's not Shirley. - Oh, it actually is. Anything Zach King does, is phenomenal. I remember seeing this one, when he uploaded it. - Yeah, just send me that email. I'm just gonna. - Wait a minute. - Sorry. It says wet paint. - And then it's the endless loop. - How does he do that? How he do that? Yeah and then it it just keeps looping. I'm just gonna step in. - Oh, sorry sir. It's drying. - You should put a sign up or something. - Sorry, it says wet paint. - That's so weird. - I don't know what I just watched, but it's phenomenal. - It hurts my brain. - All right, so now we just jumped from 659 million views to just shy of a billion views. - Nothing gets a billion views unless it's high quality content. - Gangnam style, Baby by Justin Bieber. - Just perfection. There has to be nothing wrong with this coming up TikTok. - Some see this glass as half full. - Oh, it's Zach King again. - Some see it as half empty. - I see it as. - As a piece of cake. - I remember that. That was during the big everything is cake phase. - You know, honest, I thought we'd get deep in the list. I'd be like, why is this getting a billion views? Da da da. But like if anyone deserved it, it is Zach. I'm glad he's at the top. - From the top. - Make it drop. - That's our ceiling. - Yeah, good seal. - All right, number three with 1.1 billion views. The third most viewed TikTok. Yo, Zach King's just dominating the top. - Oh my goodness. You could say he's the king of TikTok. - King of billion view toks. - Yeah, that's true. - Get your own spot. - [Background Counter] Here I come. - This is so, it hurts my brain. - Found you guys. - How many shots that must have taken? - I don't know how he does it, but it's phenomenal. So now coming at number two of 1.7 billion views. - Better not be Zach again. - Oh wait, is it? - Oh, it's James Charles. - Nice. This got 1.7 billion views. Wow. - Okay, was not expecting that to get that many views, but okay. And now the number one most viewed TikTok in the world, 2.2 billion views. - This better be a banger. - I remember seeing this. This is good. - Like my costume? - Yeah, well that's so cool. How are you doing that? - I got a Nimbus 2000. - Oh I see. - That's wild. - Long board? - Long board a bloody ossa. - And those are the 25 most viewed TikToks on Earth. Subscribe. Goodbye. - Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeastReacts [49000 likes]: Subscribe and you could win $1,000!
  2. @смехизжизни [3 likes]: Anyone in 2026😅😅😅
  3. @사랑해요-q1b [2 likes]: Anyone in 2026
  4. @Adam_hoc [1 likes]: Anyone in 2026
  5. @GhanaKumura143 [1 likes]: Anyone in 2026
  6. @PutriKeysiah [1 likes]: Gw doang yg indo
  7. @jessenianaranjo9441: amoatosvideos
  8. @jessenianaranjo9441: hola   soy    mia
  9. @srijanashort: I am the last viewer 😅❤
  10. @mobilehendrick2316: Here 67
  11. @BACKBONES_CLAN: 267 lol 67
  12. @alimehmood8165: Ny mrbeast u r the genius..
  13. @Jaydenlkm: 4:40 nah mrbeast was so tuff in 2022😭🙏
  14. @HimuIslam-t8p6z: ❤❤❤
  15. @Le-Le-Le-LErnI: 5:46 This deserved a maximum of 3 views.
  16. @BadhonSill-e6s: ❤❤❤
  17. @DylansAdventure1: Me😊
  18. @смехизжизни: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  19. @MadeleineLotunu-o8m: 🇨🇩🇨🇩🇨🇩🇨🇩🇨🇩🇨🇩🇨🇩
  20. @deepshikhasingh4781: Main Aap Jaisa Famous Banunga Kewal 2 Saal Me😊

- Football Expert Reacts To Viral Training Tiktoks: Kind: captions Language: en There's a lot of terrible advice online, but some of the worst is on Tik Tok. And today, I'm going to be reacting to a bunch of football training Tik Toks I've never seen before. I'm scoring each video either gas or trash to finally end the debate about whether the training advice you see on Tik Tok is actually good advice or following anything these people say is making your game worse. Starting with, bro, stop. Like, right away, I see the ankle weight text and makes me think like these guys saw a video of someone saying that, oh, Ronaldo train with ankle weights. immediately they think it's going to make them or help them get the same type of footwork Ronaldo has. Let's see what it says. Just doing a bunch of footwork exercises. Okay. I think the drills are the drills are very helpful, but should you be training with ankle weights? That's the real question. Trust me, I've trained with ankle weights in the past. You just got to be careful because when you have ankle weights, you're adding extra weight to your feet and that can ruin your balance and mess up with your technique because that's not natural. How how I like to explain is that like you're doing three sessions in one because you're applying so much more force onto the body. So, you got to be super careful because that can lead to serious injuries. That advice right there is not good. That is trash. Don't do that. And remember, at the end, I'm revealing the scores of this account to finally put an end to the debate if Tik Tok is actually worth your time as a footballer or if it's making you trash. But first, let's see what this next video is saying. >> All you need is 15 to 20 minute to become a better >> Why are they training for 15 to 20 minutes? Real question. For me, like usually my sessions are around 45 to an hour long just because I think 15 to 20 minutes is not enough time to work on specific aspects of the game that I like to work on with a good amount of rep cuz there's no point in just going to to the field doing like three to four reps or like one or two sets of an exercise and then advancing. So, let's see what they're saying. >> Footballer, do these three a week. 45 sec >> three times a week. Okay. 45 seconds. See, that isn't enough time. In my opinion, that isn't enough time. You need to train for longer. Let's just see what they have to say. >> Don't forget to warm up. >> Good. They're warming up. Dynamic >> lock in. >> Lock in. Love that. >> Looks clean. They're doing it with speed as well. This is fire. Is that how you spell kroetta? Hey, Ronaldo. Goat. I love that. He is the goat. Was that gas or trash? If you're going to go out there with a partner, I ain't going to lie, like when you're training with a friend, I see it as an amazing opportunity to work on game realistic situation that directly transfer over to the real game. Like let's say 1v ones. I think she can train a little longer rather than 15 to 20 minutes. I think if she does 1 minute per exercise and then do two or three sets and then have like 45 50 second rests in between each exercise. I think this can go on for 30 45 minutes. The more reps you get, the more touches you get, especially with this type of training, the more beneficial it's going to be for you and the more comfortable you're going to get on the ball and the faster you're going to accelerate that. I'm going to say that's gas is just they could have trained for longer. I'm excited to see what the next video is saying. >> This is what a day in the life of an aspiring football look. >> Day in the life aspiring football. Let's take a look. >> Like after I woke up and got ready in the morning, the first thing that I did was a quick work. >> That's crazy. When I wake up right away, I go for like a walk because then I expose my eyes to natural light, to sunlight. What that does, it increases the serotonin in my body, which wakes me up. I wouldn't get into a workout right away just because there's a lot of better things you could be doing that are far more beneficial, like getting sunlight, going for a walk, but I love the grind from the kids, so it is what it is. >> I did was a quick workout focusing on legs and core. Here are a couple of the exercises that I did. >> Okay. >> Once I was done with the workout, I had a quick snack and then I packed my bag and got ready so I could head over to the pitch. When I arrived at the pitch, I started my session right away where I focused on improving different aspects of my offensive game. juggling. Love that. Working on the creativity, having fun with the ball. And yeah, I'm going to stopping it. Let's just watch it now. >> One v ones. Love that. [Music] >> Bro's cooking. >> After about 2 hours, I was done with my session. And then when I >> 2 hours is crazy. I arrived back home. I took my dog on a quick walk before relaxing a bit by watching some Champions League highlights. Not long after, it was time for me to leave again, but this time to meet up with my friends to play some basketball. >> Okay, 2 hours to individually training. I I know it's a little too much because what are you doing for 2 hours? For me, when I train, trying to train for 2 hours, that long of a time horizon, keeping the standards and the quality of the session very high is extremely hard to do because after an hour, hour and a half, that's when your energy starts to dip and that's when it becomes hard to keep that standard up where it needs to be. but just focusing more on quality because then the more intentional you are with the exercises, the more you focus on each individual rep, the more you're going to get out of the session. >> By the time I got back home was already pretty late, so I just ate some dinner and then did some stretching before going to bed. >> Stretching before bed, perfect. Trying to get the most out of your day. The individual stuff was perfect. I think you could have just trained less and again too long quality starts to dip. So I would say if you can play pickup that day, train for an hour, kind of restore your energy and do it very early in the morning and then play pickup at in the evening or late in the afternoon is far more beneficial than trying to work out in the morning and two hours individual training and then going to play basketball. And the workout, if you're going to have a workout, I would do it later on in the day rather than it being the first thing in the morning. The first thing in the morning, I would train football because that's when I feel the best. That's when I'm more most energized. And you want to put all your energy towards football training. And then later on in the day, you have your weight training. No hate to the guy. Love the guy. But I would say low-key trash because you could have just been a lot more intentional with the day and there's a lot more opportunity to maximize your day if you're looking at it from a just a purely how do I get better perspective in football. Remember at the end I'm revealing the scores and right now things aren't looking too good for Tik Tok training, but hopefully this video doesn't let us down. Two football hacks that you need to know. Number one, Vaseline. You can put these at the back and the front of your boots to avoid blisters when you get >> to avoid blisters. Honestly, 100% honest, grip socks will just do the trick. Well, why blisters happen is due to the rubbing of your foot against the sharp edges of the boot. So, how you can prevent that is when you put the Vaseline, it prevents friction from happening, which prevents blisters. So, W advice, it may work for him, but I just think grip socks a lot is just a better option. And like you don't need to worry about putting Vaseline on or any of that stuff. >> Number two, vapor rub. You can put it right here on your >> Oh, dude, this one is a cheat code. >> Sure. And it makes you feel alert for the entire game. Not that it makes you feel alert. Like we did this back at the YC caps. Literally everyone did this. There was a time where like everyone just had like a vapor rub mark right on their chest because what that did is it opened the pores of the nose. I don't know the science behind it, but like it would just help you breathe a lot better through your nose. So this is gas. I ain't going to lie. This is This one's gas. >> If you're cheating yourself and you're playing >> Oh, gaffas chat. Let's hear this. or you're doing bull with girls and stuff. In 5 years, when your teammates that are grafting are playing in a youth cup or making their debuts at 17, you're going to be the one that's regretted. Keep doing your the extras. I call it 1%. >> I agree 100%. Need to separate you from your teammates. You hit me. If there's another strike in your team, >> if he's in the gym, you got to be in the gym. He's doing shooting after training. You got to do shooting after training. You can't you can't cheat the game. You can't get a contract by sitting down, doing a minimum, doing your session, and going home. You need to do everything. >> I wish I had a coach like this. >> You need to watch every game. Don't cheat yourself. Don't go to bed thinking, I could have done more. 5 years, you're going to regret. >> Everything comes out of sacrifice. If you want to get better at soccer, you have to spend more time playing football, more time training, working on your weaknesses, mastering your strengths, and just continuously looking for ways to improve. So, Gaff's Gas. W advice. >> Is it too late for me to go professional? >> What is his background? Why is bro in his backyard? >> How old are you? I'm 13. Are you laugh at? >> I would have the same reaction. >> No, I'm not laughing at you. I'm laughing at the fact that you think that age is too old to go pro. Wait, really? Of course not. You're still so so young. You've got plenty of time. So, just focus on your football. Keep working hard and the opportunities will come. >> Opportunities will come if you actually seek the opportunities. But yeah, he's right. >> When the opportunities do come, you'll be ready because you're training really, really hard. That's great advice. So, I'm going to give you a follow for more. >> That is good advice. That is gas, >> brother. This guy stinks. >> What's your dream? My dream is to become a football player, play for Real Madrid, and win the Champions League. >> Love that. You got to believe in yourself, man. If you don't believe in yourself, you'll never put in the work and you'll never make it. Love that. >> Wa, that's a good dream. Show us a trick. >> Ah, bro almost cooked. >> Dude, we need to tag Real Madrid in this. They need to see. What do you need to make it happen? >> I need flights, training. >> Flights. Where's Bro going? >> Equipment, boots, and footballs. >> By the way, companies are going to want to sponsor you, right? So maybe you should put together your dream. >> Leveraging social media to try and get him up perfect on a letterhead saying this is what I'm going to do and I'm going to be the most famous footballer in the world. Do you want to sponsor me now when I'm reasonably priced or later when I'm too expensive for you? >> Social media. Okay. >> You've got the eye of the tiger in you, man. I can see it. What's your name? >> Gabeshi. >> I see it in the back of a t-shirt, man. >> Art Gabeshi to Real Madrid. >> Love your dream. Thanks for sharing with us. >> I love this video. W advice. Yes. Footballers night routine. >> Holy. >> 10,000 kickups. >> 10,000 kickups. Bro, what? This has to be a joke. >> I'm just kidding. I >> Okay, dude. I was about to say >> start off with bone rolling. Whatever muscles feel tight, roll them out. It's going to help with recovery. >> Next, we got perfect rolling out right before bed. Amazing advice. >> Stretching. Don't do too much. Just a bit to keep the >> Yeah. Big thing to notice there. Don't do too much with the static stretching because you don't want to over stretch a muscle because then that weakens it and you could potentially strain that muscle. >> Then we got journaling. Reflect on the day and put down whatever's on your mind. Sometimes I'll do some reading and then we got some visualization. Finally, think of three things you're grateful for. And this can be anything. The beautiful pillow, having clean drinking water, and for me tonight, the last thing is going to be having you here, an amazing community that loves football and is so supportive. All right, let's go to sleep. >> Love Hilvar. He's a G from Canada, too. So, is it gas or trash? I think it's teetering on both. I ain't going to lie. The advice is gas, but would I do it? Honestly, no. So, gas. Yeah, gas. Remember, at the end, I'm reviewing these scores, and things right now are actually looking pretty good for Tik Tok. I don't know how, but they're low-key clutching up. >> Ranking positions in >> positions hardest to easiest >> from most difficult to least difficult. And don't get mad at me if I say that your position is the easiest. These aren't my opinions. These are facts. Let's get into it. The most difficult position in football by far, goalkeeper. >> Bro, there's no way goalkeeper is the hardest. When you're an outfield player, especially if you're playing at a professional level, when I was at the Y Caps, the goalkeepers literally had the least responsibilities. By that, I mean they didn't have to watch film to understand how shapes and the movement on and off ball movements work, where you need to be at certain times, when to track back. It's physically less demanding. There's less nuances, so you don't have to worry about positioning 24/7. You're not always on your toes having to move a certain way, and there's a lot less competition. I can see why he's saying it from like a general perspective. It's like, oh, you're alone. when you're going to have to save the goals and stuff and like, okay, we get that. And yeah, let's see. Let's see what he has to say. How does he back this up? >> The mental stress of playing in goal combined with the fact that none of your teammates >> mental stress that none of your teammates really understand your role and how difficult it is, which can make you feel very alone. The fact that one mistake is almost always costly. These things make goalkeeper the most difficult position, at least mentally. And the mental side of the game is more difficult than any other. Number two, center mid. And number three, defense. >> I agree. I think center mid's the hardest position. That should be number one. >> Mid. Now, these are hard for the same reason. I'll say center mid is a little bit harder because you need to make more decisions balancing going forward and getting back. Number four, center back. >> Okay, similar to goalkeeper, mistakes can be very costly and you have to be really brave and smart to be a good center back. Number five, striker. There is actually a lot of pressure on forwards. People expect you to score in every game. >> Expectations don't make a position hard. I like I feel like we're we're looking at the wrong metrics here. Expectations and severity of mistakes. Does that make a position harder? Not really. It puts more pressure on that individual, but that doesn't necessarily make the position harder. I can That's valid. But overall, love the guy. Love Coach Crystal. That's lowkey trash. Goalkeeper is not the hardest position. Yeah, it's low-key trash. But he made a couple of valid points there, though. So today I'm going to show you what you need to do every time you get new boots. >> Okay. What do I do? >> First things first, I always take out the inner soles and replace them with my old boots, but I always replace the inner soul. >> Does he explain why? >> For those that don't know, put your boots on and soak them in warm water for 10 minutes. >> I probably wouldn't do that because you're lowkey damaging the material of the boot and you want to do it in a very natural way. You want to wear the shoes and let the shoes kind of mold into the shape of your foot as you continue to play and as you get more used to it. That's low-key trash because it's unnecessary to do that. I can see how it's helpful, but it's super unnecessary. You might be damaging the shoe. So, don't do that. I ain't gonna lie. Like, the trash Tik Tok is making a comeback right now. Hopefully, the next video is a lot better. >> Duo training session. Let's see it. >> Warm up. Short passes, long passes. Perfect. Warm up. Working on both feet. Super super important. [Applause] >> Honestly, like this is cool, but when I'm training with a partner, what I like to do is again game realistic situations. Like what is going to happen in a game for himself, for him, and me? and how can we integrate that in a way where I'm working on game realistic situations but he is as well. Yeah, you could do the passing drills and just like regular shots and stuff like it will be beneficial but like whenever I like to train it's like how can I get the most out of the session and what will actually translate over to the real 11 v1 game realistic situations like here. I like it. I like the idea. Touch, pass, touch, touch out, finish. What you can do just to make it a bit more game realistic is pass, touch, engage in a one v one, pretend the defender's there, cut in and finish. Okay, two touch. I feel like they're more training for fun rather than being intentional with trying to improve, if that makes sense. From a football advice perspective, like this is how you should train, it's trash. But from a go have fun, just like chilling with your boys, just going and training, having a little calm session, it it's gas. But overall, from a football advice perspective, low-key a little trash, dude, the advice has to get better from here. Like, there's no way. Defend fast players. Okay. Close down space and direct the sideline. Perfect. You want to force them away from the net rather than letting him cut centrally because that creates a shooting opportunity. Anticipate the move and step in to show the ball. Perfect. Just using your body. Um, especially if they take a heavy touch and you can just let it roll out. One thing to be careful though, it's easy to just look at videos like this and be like, "Oh, this is how you defend a fast player." Because what this video lacks is a little bit of depth. The winger could have just literally tapped it in, rotated the defender's hips to literally pretend he's going inside, rotated his hips, and he could have exploded out. A good winger is going to do that every single time, but you can't really calculate for that at the same time. So, it's gas. The trash advice might make a comeback still, but so far, I think Tik Tok should be good. Hopefully. >> This video is only for players who want to improve their technique. >> I want to improve. This is something no one talks about, and here's how you can do it. Step one, grab a ball and go to the nearest wall. Step two, complete 10,000 touches. This will >> He's talking about improving technique. And he's telling me, okay, >> take you about an hour and 30 minutes. Step three, repeat step one and two for the next 30 days. Think about it. If you touch the ball 300, >> so he's telling me to go to a wall, just pass off a wall, control it for an hour and a half every single day just to get as many touches as possible. >> Thousand times, it would be unreasonable for you to not improve. And if you want a full breakdown how to become a complete >> to some extent, yeah, just the more touches you get on the ball, the more you do something, the better you're going to get. But I feel like you got to be more intentional with the touches. If you're just trying to pass and receive to improve that technique, I would just be a little bit more intentional. Touch it, control with the inside, then pass it back. Or touch it, control with inside, pass it back. Or touch it with the outside, pass it back. It's going to help you, but I just feel like there could be a lot more variety in your training that you can implement. So you're not just working on one aspect of the game every single day, but you have more variety and you're working on different elements of your game throughout the week. Because football isn't just you get good at one aspect of the game and suddenly you're Neymar or you're messy. Every single footballer is so well-rounded. Like Messi can shoot the ball. Messi can dribble. But there's so many elements to the game that are just missing if you just work on one aspect. This is trash advice. Like there's a lot better way you can do this. Here goes nothing. Okay. Yeah. Work twice as hard off the ball. That's something you should be doing regardless. Is that necessarily going to help you with confidence? Honestly, no. Because that has no real correlation to confidence. Confidence is a self-belief issue. If you get a sick challenge in, that's going to give you that positive reinforcement. It's like, "Oh, I'm actually him. I can actually do it. I'm pretty good." And that can kind of trigger a bit of confidence to come into your system to play your game. If you lack, for example, I used to lack confidence, which is just self-belief. And the way I gained my confidence was first meditation and visualization, getting back into the present moment. Confidence is just merely self-belief, believing in your abilities. This advice was low-key trash. It helps, but is a much better way to address confidence than saying, "Oh, just run harder off the ball. Oh, just play simple passes." So, overall, Tik Tok can be good. It can be a good place to get some valuable information, but it's missing a lot of context in the videos. And the final score is a tie game. Gas 7, trash 7. So, it's a 50/50. Sometimes you can get really good advice and sometimes you can get honestly very generalized trash advice. So, don't just believe everything you see on TikTok. So, the only advice you should be getting off Tik Tok is from CTA Training. Now, go and watch this video next to see how pro academy players train to get to the next level. Peace. I'll see you inside. Cook that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZTHTraining [9 likes]: 👉 Learn How to Sign For a Pro Academy in 30 Days: https://www.zth-training.com?utm_source=zth_training&utm_medium=youtube&utm_campaign=viraltiktoks
  2. @DarkJester-1017: How can girls Make pro? Do they do the same thing as boys or what
  3. @HaydarMaryan: Am a gk but I can't train because of the things happening in my country but I still train on my own with a knee injury
  4. @oa_aj: 8:01 mickey mouse😭
  5. @Etm-rtr-Ryder: I can go whole practice but that 15 minute warm up kills me . Do you think you could give me tips about what I’m doing wrong
  6. @Athdlou: did you know when you like thers a football spining
  7. @CrossCourtPlays: 67
  8. @AshleyRobetson: Day 1 of asking for a elstico tutorial
  9. @MaxHolden-j6u: positioning should be based on physical mental technicalish and tactical
  10. @Borood: tired of 67
  11. @RUZCUZZ: Wait is this guy from Vancouver bc
  12. @hujciwdupe777: Ronaldo aint no goat
  13. @gjyljanamitaj1769: Dude, have a haircut
  14. @emran5204: who do u pick barca or real
  15. @JacksGospel: Uh my dad played through elementary to college and he trained 3hrs everyday and Saturday and Sunday he did six hrs😭
  16. @BokamosoHlahane-i5k: Can you please send me the formula
  17. @Saroyane_Baller: 17:47 Yo I wonder who that could be
  18. @notaprofootballer.k: when i liked a football ball apeared
  19. @FishyBROS873: I feel like once I feel tired that's the time to keep pushing cause when you train harder when your breath is really high then more improvment
  20. @Rosxcris: I wish that India also had
 pitch like this for practice

- I Tried Copying Viral YouTube Shorts for 30 Days (Real Results): Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube channel generates 69 million views per month, and I want that. So, for the next 30 days, I'm going to be stealing his YouTube shorts to see if we can blow up our channel. So, the first step is picking the niche. They post about gym and fitness related content. And that's something I actually like in real life. But the problem is that if I just steal his YouTube shorts and re-upload them, my channel won't actually be able to get monetized and could even get taken down. So, I'm going to use a method that allows me to bypass the issue and still be able to monetize my channel while copying his shorts. All right, so we're going to start off with this account that I've actually had for a while. So, I have this channel over here. It has a few hundred subscribers I used to upload on it. It's an aged account and I do want to make a YouTube account out of it, like a shorts channel. The reason I'm using this old account, the same one I used to upload Minecraft videos back in 2024, is because older accounts usually perform better when you start posting shorts. See, when you create a brand new channel and upload your first short, YouTube often puts you in what people call the zero view jail. That happens because YouTube's system thinks you might be a bot. No watch history, no browsing history, nothing. So, if you're watching this at home wanting to start the shorts channel, just use your mom's account or that account you've had since middle school. And most likely, when you start uploading, you actually won't get zero view jailed. So, I did some brainstorming and noticed the YouTube shorts commentary niche is really starting to blow up. And the best part about this niche is that you can basically post any type of video you want. It's super easy to make and flexible. So, all that's left to do is come up with a name. I want to call it um TV or something like that cuz it's going to be gym content. And then make the profile picture and banner. I might make it a different one cuz I don't know if I like this one. What if we just make it silver surfers? Ooh, this is going to look cool as a overlay. There we go. That actually looks lit. So, now you're probably wondering, how are we going to upload the shorts without getting copyrighted and still being able to monetize my channel? You're posting a short video. No, I'm not reposting it. I'm basically taking this video and I'm rewarding it. I download the original video from this guy, so I'm going to edit my own version of it. And it's fully legal and it's fully transformative, so I'm fully going to get monetized off of this type of content. You can't screen record other people's videos, but you can remake them in editing software. Basically on YouTube, if you take a video and copy it fully and upload it, then you're going to get a copyright strike and won't be able to get monetized. But if you take the same video and just add your own sign, make your own cuts and add your own edits, then you're actually not counted as copying. So technically, this is legal and you can still get your channel monetized and start earning money. And this is what the channel looks like at the end of day one. See you guys tomorrow for day two. So, the next day I did the same thing, except this time I copied a viral video from this other fitness commentary creator. His name is Media Peak 14. And low key, I knew this short had potential because just look at it. I feel like I know why this short went viral. So, I went to the description and found the video on Instagram, made a killer script for it, and then generated a voice with 11 Labs. After that, I put it all together and hit upload. Okay, so it's the start of day three and we currently have 37,000 views from the last two uploads combined. I'm very glad my shorts are getting pushed instead of getting view jailed. Anyways, it was time for me to get to work. So, I started day three by spending the first 20 minutes just to find a good clip for the short I wanted to upload. I eventually found one using the help of one of my viewers. There's no way I can't find the video game. Should I just give up? I reverse image. Oh, you're right. Thanks, Cody, for the advice. Reverse image searching might be the strat. Ooh, please. Let's go. W Cuddy. When making a shorts channel, you need to really focus a lot of time on finding clips that you think will go viral. So, that's why every day I spent lots of time on this because I know YouTube isn't luck and that the right strategies will get you far. So, after I found the clip, I spent lots of time on the script. Someone in my chat said to use chat GPT, but honestly that's the worst thing you can do because AI is bad at making scripts and makes it sound too formal and doesn't add good storytelling. By the way, if you struggle with storytelling or scripts, I've got a course for just $8 right now. We even have competitions to win serious cash, plus new modules on making killer scripts and viral shorts. But once we hit 200 members, the price is going to $10. If you're interested, check out the link in the description. Also, for those of you who want direct help, I just opened up a few spots on my one-on-one mentorship. In it, I'll personally help you start earning real money from YouTube Shorts. We'll go through your content, your analytics, your scripts, and fix everything that is holding you back. I'm only 16, and from YouTube Shorts, I make $8,000 a month, more than all of my teachers, and it's completely changed my life. If you want to learn how to do the same, join the free weight list on the one-on-one mentorship down in the description. We drop a ton of free value in there every single day. Plus, in there, we're giving five free spots in the school community that I mentioned before this. Spots for the one-on-one mentorship will fill up really fast. So, if you're serious about locking in, join the wait list before it's full. All right, more about the course at the end of the video. But for now, let's get back into the video. After I wrote the script, I went to 11 Labs again and generated the voice. Afterwards, I went into Capa, edited the video, and hit upload. I'm lowkey very excited and curious to see what will happen to our views in these next upcoming days. So, all we can do is keep uploading and keep praying. On the start of day four, we doubled our views and we're getting close to 100,000 views. By now, my routine was locked in. Find the right clip, write a script, generate a voice, edit, and post. Every day, the same grind. I knew we were going to break out of that 30,000 view jail, and I was hoping it was soon. So, I posted the short and hoped this was the one. Day five started with checking our views, and I couldn't believe what I saw. My prayers were answered. So, this short right here, my second short is currently escaping the YouTube 30,000 view jail. I told you guys. So, it flatlined over here, but now it's starting to get picked up by the algorithm. This video is popping off. One of my shorts that I knew was going to break out of that 30,000 view jail was making its way to virality and was already at 60,000 views. So, I wanted to do something different today since my mood was better. I downloaded this video of a guy showing off his three-year gym transformation and started editing it. Low-key, this video was fun to edit and I enjoyed doing it. So, I would say day five was a successful day. Not just view-wise, but also my mindset was just in a peak moment, and I knew that better days were coming and coming fast. So, I finished the short, clicked upload, and had big hopes for day six. For day six, when I logged in, I was sad that our views had dropped. But then I checked the real time and realized all my views are coming from one short. It was the same short that had 60,000 views yesterday. It was climbing to 150,000 views and fast. For day six, I didn't feel like copying a short. I just spent lots of time scrolling through the YouTube homepage looking for something I could edit until I found a perfect video. It was a long form video of this female athlete who was attractive. And low key on YouTube, guys always be sing for girls. So, I could use this for my advantage to get higher retention and trick people into staying for my short. I know nothing about women's sports, but I wanted to make a script that was good. So, I took the video into Comb AI, not sponsored, by the way, and I turned a long form video into a transcript. After that, I used Chat GPT to simplify the transcript and then turned it into a killer script for my YouTube short. This time, I spent almost an hour just editing the short because I knew it had potential and really wanted it to blow up. It took so long, but it was worth it. I went to YouTube and then posted it. All right, so day seven is when everything turned around. That one short that was blowing up was now getting 100,000 views per day. Also, the post about the female athlete started blowing up as well. The engagement for it was really good, and it left the 30,000 view jail. So, for day seven, I did the same thing I did for every other day. I found a clip on YouTube, made a script, used 11 Labs to generate the voice over, then spent some time editing, then I posted it. So, you're probably wondering why I decided to take a 6-day break from tracking my progress every day. Well, actually, I was doing the same exact thing every single day, just finding clips, making a script, and editing them. I didn't want to bore you guys with the entire process, so I decided to skip to day 13. Anyways, day 13 is when my channel was actually starting to pop off, giving me 1.5 million views in the past 24 hours, and I was starting to see exponential growth in my graph. I was very happy and knew that if I continued, I could get this channel monetized in a matter of weeks. Also, one of the videos that I posted just 2 days ago was already at 400,000 views, and lots of other shorts were still getting pushed. One of my shorts that I posted recently actually got shadowbanned. I was confused as to why this was happening. So, instead of complaining, I locked in and started working on another short. I worked on a short that used the same strategy as the old ones that blew up. You guys know the saying, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. That's the thing with shorts. If you have a video that goes viral, I would just keep milking the same format over and over until the topic stops getting views. So, that's what I did and it worked for me. Let's skip to day 22. And you can see that my views are now 16.4 million. And it's because I found a format that worked and I stuck to it. If you guys are new to YouTube shorts automation, just try consistently posting high quality shorts for a whole month straight and see where that gets you. I guarantee that a few of your videos will blow up. if you're really improving on each upload and working on the quality instead of just spamming a lot of shorts. So, for day 22, I spent almost an hour making a YouTube short and worked hard on it, just like how I worked hard on every other short that I posted each day on this channel. You got to work hard and tried to make each short as high quality as you can. That's what I did to succeed and what I believe everyone should do. Anyways, we ended the day off with 1.5 million views in the last 48 hours, and we were already very close to getting monetized on this account. All right, so after day 22, I didn't really post as much because a lot of my videos were getting shadowbanned, and I just wanted to let the other videos play out and keep getting views to see if we can get to the 10 million engaged views we needed to get monetized. I think it's been like basically exactly a month since I started this channel, and we are officially monetized. If we go to the earn tab, we are using Short Speeds ads, which is insane. Like, we're going to be printing on this channel soon. I don't have my revenue yet cuz it's still processing. We're only going to see like our official revenue probably the day after tomorrow. We were actually able to hit it a bit earlier, but as you know, YouTube takes a bit extra time to process monetization of your channel, but we were actually able to get this channel monetized in exactly 30 days. Even with the view delay, we didn't get any revenue yet because it takes around 2 days for YouTube to start calculating it. So, let me know if you guys want to see part two where I show how much the channel earns me after a month of being monetized. Also, guys, really quick, I just want to thank you guys cuz my YouTube course just passed 100 members and right now it's only $8 to join and once we hit 200 members, the price is going to $10. To make it even more fun, I'm starting a cash competition for the top three people who make the most viral shorts in the community. So, you can literally make your money back and even way more. I also just added a new module on how to make viral shorts, plus one, getting fully monetized using the YouTube live stream method. That's actually how I got tens of thousands of watch hours and monetized one of my other channels in a month. It's super easy to set up and the whole process is automated. So, if you want to learn that step by step, make sure to join while it's only

  Top Comments:
  1. @OllexYT [10 likes]: Monetize your Channel in 30 Days With Me - 1:1 📈: https://go.shortmastery.com/93437ccf
  2. @Milowvc [9 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 🐯❤️🦁🦁❤️❤️🦁🦁❤️❤️
  3. @Nooberplayz-000 [1 likes]: Thanks for 3k subs dear family 🎉
  4. @BbNo-k4y: ❤
  5. @BigadaGonou: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 thanks bro
  6. @RanksHub1: i js started with this brand new acc should i sticj with it or buy a age acc
  7. @societyvishal: “I’m from India, but I work on a USA-targeted channel. I can generate voiceovers for my videos, but while editing, I don’t understand the English properly, so it becomes difficult to edit.”
  8. @quizpop_2m: I really fking love it
  9. @Wasiandawg: How do you guys rebrand a channel?
  10. @lz1176: All this video to click on the affiliate link below and to join the community 🤦‍♂️
  11. @UnwelcomedTV: Bro, this is really an informative content, thank you!
  12. @NextFusion12: This is so helpful thx btw❤
  13. @MarkJoee-f2j: Can I copy it
  14. @SkullyExplainsMoney: I love the video!
  15. @Goatj8: 7:37 broo 😂
  16. @pinnel123-d3u: monetize in 30 days is wild
  17. @pinnel123-d3u: good idea
  18. @Tuffguytimmy: Sick vid
  19. @Nishantxstory-n: ❤
  20. @Fittsyy: Thanks for all of these tips bro 😊

- how to find viral clips to use in ur yt shorts: Kind: captions Language: en okay so in this video I'm going to be answering a question that I get a ton of DMS about every single day and that is if you're making videos that have other Clips in them where do you actually find these clips so let's get right into it by the way in case you're wondering who I am I run a bunch of YouTube shorts automation channels this is one of them called stories told you can see it's pretty big 137k subs and we basically post these animal story compilation we compile a bunch of different videos and then add on a unique story line on top of it to make it transformative so we can make money from the videos that we post I'm fully transparent about the channels I own and how much they make so this channel stories told in the past 28 days has made $3,200 and an extra $3,400 with music royalties on top of that so my value prop to you guys isn't that I'm the best entrepreneur of all time or that I'm the richest I'm certainly not and if you would prefer someone richer you can go watch Iman godi right now but my value prop is that I'm going to be 100% transparent about what I do and how much money I make with it to give you guys realistic expectations and to actually build trust in what I'm doing and what I tell you guys so anyways when it comes to these specific videos we've developed a lot of our own systems and libraries and videos that we know we shouldn't pull from cuz they've gotten copyright strike so I'm not going to show you my exact process for this channel but I will show you if you're trying to find viral moments in literally any Niche exactly what I would do and what we did do at the beginning so in the beginning what we would do is we would make a new account on Instagram and literally just start going on the platform and scrolling and specifically trying to make your foru page with the type of videos that you're looking to download so if you were trying to get C car crash videos like this every time you saw one you would just like it interact with it and then anytime you got a video that wasn't a car crash video you would just click on this and then click not interested you would do this until your for you page is literally exactly what you're trying to see more of so again since our channel is Animal content we would literally curtail the Instagram account to literally show just animal content then you scroll through and you'll find a bunch of these viral videos but you can see here that when I do it there's a little download button right here which lets me automatically download the videos extremely easily as you can see here I just clicked one button and now the video is downloaded so I could literally just play it like this and we have the video and that comes from a little Chrome extension called turbo downloader for Instagram so right here turbo downloader for Instagram I'll leave the link to this in the description and basically once you have the for you page that you want you can scroll Instagram and literally quickly download any of the videos that you want without a watermark now let me show you though how you can take this one step further so let's say you found an account that you like so let's say this account posts a lot of good content I can go to this account and combine everything I know so far with another extension called sort feed I'll also description but what this allows me to do is go to an account click on sort feed and then I can sort it by all of the reels on this page which has 967 posts and then sort by the most viewed videos so I can just click this it starts actually sorting the videos by how many views they have and then I got to let it load for a second but once it loads okay never mind the 900 videos was taking too long to load honestly I let this load for a ton of time it's not working but I used to use this in the past to sort it so you're welcome to Download Sort feed and see if it actually works I guess there might have been an issue with it recently but yeah it used to work and sort the most popular videos so that would help you find of the accounts that were posting good content it would help you find the most viral ones and then you can use turbo downloader for Instagram to download all of those really quickly then once you find a bunch that are all related to the same thing you can start using those clips however you want now make sure to use only small portions of each clip and if you even are going to use someone else's content add some something original to it so add an original commentary or an original storyline and if you don't do that you're honestly not going to be able to get monetized so you have to have some original element when you make the video anyways I hope that helped the mission of this channel is to remove all gatekeeping from make money online tactics and this is a quick tactic a lot of you guys have been asking about it so I wanted to show it on my channel so you guys can actually use it for yourself if you want to support my mission of full transparency you can subscribe to show your support or join my Discord and literally just drop your best money-making sauce in the chat and just see what happens once I started being transparent with how much I made the results that I got went crazy thank you guys all so much for watching I'll catch you on the next video and peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneymindunfiltered [13 likes]: The best way to support my mission of full transparency is to join my discord and drop your best money-making sauce 👊: http://discord.gg/moneymind
  2. @DabstepsShorts [11 likes]: Small content creators here 
👇
  3. @PopNarrate [3 likes]: Super good method bro
  4. @ijajshaikh640 [2 likes]: will trick works as per new policy 2026
  5. @zylrr_editz [2 likes]: What's about watermark?
  6. @NinaSilver-h5r [2 likes]: What is the best strategy for choosing viral video clips to re-edit?
Choosing clips with the highest number of views
Choosing clips with high views but that are recent (for example, posted within the last week)
Choosing clips with high views but that are old (2 years or more), so possibly forgotten
My concern is this:
Recent videos may already have been re-edited and reposted by many creators, which means a lot of competition.
Older videos may be forgotten, but there is also a risk that this type of content no longer performs well today.
So, what do you think is the best strategy to make the right choice?
  7. @Burningarrow7 [2 likes]: "Remove all gatekeeping"  Meanwhile you wouldn't tell your viewers how to get non copyrighted videos. Dislike
  8. @i_postvirals [1 likes]: I never wanted to slap a King with my Sub so much.
  9. @OofNationYT [1 likes]: can this be used for ranking videos?
  10. @MindTwist012 [1 likes]: thanks this is really useful 👍
  11. @ShortShorts150: hit the nail on the head
  12. @CupcakeClips: helpfull ty!
  13. @WargaVerse: Thanks! nice insights
  14. @StudioSPL1: Money mind doing his thing
  15. @SendOrSlam: Thank you bro
  16. @ThinkFastwithin20: where  to find raw footages
  17. @Synapseofficialstudio: Bro this is helpful ❤❤
  18. @Thedailyedge-77: How are you so good at looking for viral videos
  19. @blankblank8176: 1:20
  20. @ClipXShorts1: thank you

- 4 Editing Secrets Small Channels Learn Too Late: Kind: captions Language: en - Let's talk about editing. (singing) Editing, editing, editing! Let's talk about editing. (mouse clicks) Hi, thanks for coming to my channel, where I teach people guitar things that wanna learn about guitar. If this video helps, please make sure to hit, no! This guy is a brand new creator. Let's call him John Scott. Now, John here started a channel. He had a video idea and most importantly, he hit record, but John has one problem. He's boring. Hey! More importantly, his videos are boring, but he's about to change all that. I am? In the next few minutes, John's audience will go from watching 3% of his videos to 60% of his videos, which it's a pretty big number for him because he's so boring! The first thing John needs to do is focus on something that we've talked a lot about here at vidIQ, but it's my version of it. Can you guess what it is? (screen whooshing dramatically) - Don't you dare make this a fishing hook! (screen whooshing) All right, then. - Now, a hook is super important, but a hook gets made in the writing process. But this video is about editing. Guys! Let's talk about something I call visual hooks. You know how when you hover over videos on YouTube, it'll start playing the video without audio? Consider that moment the opportunity for a visual hook. For example, the beginning of this video, the visual hook was a barbershop quartet all harmonizing with each other while the written hook was about how John Scott got viewers to. Oh my God, John! There are all kinds of ways to do visual hooks and all the best creators use them. Sometimes, creators can even get big enough to where their face becomes a visual hook in itself. Now, let's take a look and see how John applied what he learned about visual hooks. (guitar playing) (mouse clicking) Groovy. Let's learn how to play it. Groovy indeed. John used his backyard, a scene change, some creative camera angles, and even a little lens flare to give his intro some pizzaz. He even did it without going over the top. Visual hooks don't always need to be flashy. They just need to catch the eye and keep attention. Besides, John's video is about guitar education, so it's not like a Mr. Beast style intro would work here. I'm gonna teach you how to play this chord progression and if you can figure it out before this timer gets to zero, then you'll have learned something new! (dramatic whooshing) Visual hooks. All right, next. Okay, so you put your index finger on all the four frets, on all the strings on the fourth fret. Stop! (sighs) John, I would hate to be a beginner guitar player. Why? Because this is the moment that I would quit. No offense. None taken? The next thing John needs to know about is simple cuts. specifically two types of cuts. I am saying something and now, I'm saying something else. What the camera did right there, that was a cut-in and this is a cut-back or a cut-out. I like to say cut back because it's like you cut back to where you just were, you know? Okay. These two little cuts can help emphasize a point, create momentum, and most importantly, keep the viewers' attention. There are a bunch of other different types of cuts, which I'll go into in another video, but for now, just to keep things fresh, cut-in, cut-back. Simple cuts out of the way. Now, we're onto simple moves. When you involve motion, that's when things get real not boring. This is a push in. This is a pull out. This is a pan. This is a zoom. These ain't your grandfather's camera movements! Technology is wonderful, and even if we didn't move the camera when we were recording, we can animate it when we're editing. You see this little handheld movement I got going on here? Ain't nobody holding that camera. So now that we've learned about some simple cuts in motion, let's take a look and see how John has made it work for him. So it starts with a bar on the fourth fret while muting the top string with your index finger like so. Then use your ring finger to hammer on the sixth fret of the D string and your middle finger to hammer on the fifth fret of the B string. This shot right here brings me to my next point. It's really important for John intermingle different types of footage so the viewer doesn't have to struggle with seeing his face so much. Since John's video is more of a hands-on tutorial, most of his footage would be considered A-roll or primary footage. It's the content that carries the message of the video. But what about B-roll, you ask? Or is there a C-roll or E-roll or T-roll? (soft dramatic music) Well, it kind of depends on the video type. See, the video you're watching right now is more of a educational entertainment type, so B-roll works really well in these types of videos. I could be explaining how when it comes to content creation, there are so many ways to express yourself and make your mark on YouTube. The world is your oyster! All that footage right there, that was B-roll. B-roll is footage used to add depth and keep the audience engaged by breaking up the monotony of the A-roll. But keep in mind, there's no need to overcomplicate it. If it doesn't fit, don't use it. But if it does fit, take the opportunity to mix up your footage so it keeps your viewers interested. So, now that we've learned all these things, let's check in on John and see how he's doing. (soft upbeat guitar music) John? Okay, well, maybe he's out celebrating all that new watch time. I don't know. Speaking of which, the last video that I did for vidIQ, I implemented all these tips and it killed and I would love it if you would go check it out and comment when you see something that I've mentioned here. Be like, "Hey, John, I see what you did there. I saw what you did. I know the things that you know. I know these things that you know. I do these things that you do. I learned these things from you and now I do them in my video." Thief! (door closing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [98 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @TheFatCatReport [1 likes]: i like this guy
  3. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  4. @PemaTenzinThinleyPTTgamingff: nic tip!
  5. @GlitzGlamkre8: Great editing!! I can’t wait to learn more😄
  6. @dairyshot221: The concept of visual hooks is so important for capturing attention right from the start, Using simple cuts and varied footage really makes a massive difference in keeping a tutorial engaging🎥🎸🚀
  7. @hallowandhearth: Watching this in April 2026
  8. @janmegela1782: Well done man, well explained and engaging. Really TOP work.
  9. @iHuddv: what happens when your retention isn't the problem just engagement is..

eg. most of my videos get over 100% retention but low engagement so youtube stops pushing it
  10. @frankmartinez2987: Okay, only 90 seconds in and I’m subscribing. Thanks!
  11. @Flicksy11: Dont use the Lord's name in vain
  12. @ishowupdaily1: Watching in 2026 just found the channel 🎉😊 and it's amazing
  13. @haocapitalx2: I love you
  14. @melkerandlefin9324: New creator, looking to hire someone to make real edits. I think we could do some big things. Who and where can i go? I don't edit myself cuz i dont have software, and dont wanna spend 5 years learning lmao
  15. @the4kTvWindow: This video is underrated
  16. @VoidRantYT: thank YOU!
  17. @TheAnimalFactArchive: More like this 😮
  18. @mattbarroccu9690: where did John go? Where's his channel?
  19. @DreamingofBirdiesGolf: Really enjoyed this one, any tips on verbal cues said before sections of video to keep things in order while editing? Working on getting better at golf content videos, but spending lots of time organizing clips before editing.
  20. @ItzLoomie: im not gonna lie bro i just clicked off somewhere at the middle, just so much unnecessary water, get to the point 😭

- The ONLY 5 Editing Secrets You Need to Tell Any Story: Kind: captions Language: en-US So you had this great idea for a video. You wrote your script. Planned your shots. And actually got out in the wild filming those shots. And now you're finally ready to edit. But now everything falls apart. Should I use this shot? Am I cutting too soon? Where should this go? - Why does it feel off? - What am I doing!? Of course. Because editing can be the most overwhelming part of filmmaking. but I've been editing for over 15 years, and today... I’m sharing some of my most valuable editing tricks.. that will make the difference between a bunch of clips stacked together.. and a story that actually flows. And that will feel good. Just like that first time when you had that idea. Now let's get into it. What I want to share here... are the editing choices that actually make your story flow. Things that keep people watching because they want to... and because they lean into your story. These are simple but powerful secrets. And even if you only use one of them, your videos will already feel stronger. And also, stick around to the end, because I will share one bonus tip that took me way too long figure out. But once I did, it really made my editing way faster and less stressful. So here's the first secret that completely changed my process. Back when I started, I would shoot everything... and then I would dive straight into the edit and just try to make things work. And every time my timeline was a mess. so after many painful re-edits, I realized this: that your voice over, your music and even your sound effects are way more important than most people think. So now I start my edits with only audio before I touch a single clip. Yeah, you really heard that well. But believe me, it will really change your edits. So here's how I do it: for YouTube... I record my hook and my intro voiceover before I even start shooting. then I find music that matches the energy that I have in my head, and I will even add a few sound effects And right away I see where my voice over is too long, where things don't work, or where I should work on the pacing. and even better... It always gives me new inspiration and new ideas for shots. And because I haven't shot anything yet, I can still add those shots to my shotlist. For example, in this video, I did exactly that, Laying down my voice over with music showed me that my voice over was too long That build-up can be much quicker... Because I don't need 7 seconds to explain that we're overwhelmed. We can do that much quicker. And the rhythm of the track that inspired me to do that paper toss scene on the beat. And another great thing about this is that once you've shot everything, the edit is already halfway done because the pacing is there, the voiceover is there, and the music is there. So the only thing you basically have left to do is add the shots in. So ,the next video you're working on, lock in your audio first, because you will spot some time issues instantly. And the more you do this, you know, the more your brain will practice creating a story in your head before even filming. And that actually is one of the most useful skills you can build as a filmmaker. If there's one thing that makes or breaks your video, it's pacing. Your edit’s speed is your storytelling pulse. And I think it’s one of the biggest mistakes that I see even from experience editors. It's that they're staying in the same pace for too long. So here are three things that I think really shape pacing. The first one is shot length because short and snappy cuts make things fast or increase the tension, and longer shots are more for emotion or producing calmness. Then the second one is shot motion. You have chaotic handheld movements that can really add energy, or smooth and stable frames that really calm things down. And I think mixing those in the right way can be really strong. And then there's a third, which is music and sound, because your soundtrack really sets the heartbeat as well you know... A driving beat really pushes the story forward and softer music is really what can let it breathe as well. And of course, sometimes... a silence can be really strong as well. Anyway, if you keep the pace high the entire time, people will get overwhelmed. And if it stays slow, they will get bored. So yeah, it's really good to time that change and energy. Because that really snaps the attention back... or it really puts people in the right emotion when you want to. For example, listen to the first 30 seconds of this video. We start with no music. tension rising with a sound effect, then pause for a second, then full energy, quick shots, fast music, then a short break, a longer shot. Tension is building again. Then energy back up with fast cuts. Then we release into slower shots and no music. Finally we settle into a neutral pacing. And that variation is really what keeps a hook like that really alive. So the next time you edit, just spend a little more time on pacing. Just mark your big moments and your quiet moments, and then let your cuts, your movements, and your music flow between them. Your audience... They will stick with you much longer. I'm sure. you know, one of the hardest things, but also one of the most important things about editing is finding music that actually fits the mood of your story. You really don't want to know how much time I spent on tweaking music in my edits, just so it fits perfectly. But sometimes you wish you could just tweak a song a bit... ..maybe take out the vocals or take out the guitar. Well, you can do that now because Audiio released Elements 2.0 a while ago and it's a really huge upgrade because now you can separate every part of the track the vocals, the drums, the bass, piano, guitar... even the strings, all in studio quality. So for me, that means that I can take a track that I already love. Just strip it down completely, or build it back up with all those different pieces and that just makes it really much easier to adjust the music to whatever fits the rhythm or the pacing that I'm looking for. So if you want to try that out, go explore Elements 2.0 and get 70% off your first year of Audiio Pro at audiio.com/timrunia using the code at checkout. And of course you'll find the link in the description as well. So when I first started out creating videos, once I got to the editing process, before I knew it, I would spend two days perfecting the first 30s, you know, adding sound effects or maybe already color grading... And I would totally forget what I was making. But then I discovered the power of the assembly edit. And that's basically like sketching before you paint, or outlining a book before you write. It's all about getting a rough shape down first and then start refining. So if you've already created the hook and the intro of your video with an audio blueprint... then you can use the assembly edit to shape the rest of your story fast. So here's how I do it. First, I spot the footage that tells the story. So spotting just means cut out the junk and keep the clips you will actually use. Then I drag some of them into the timeline in the rough story order, with a beginning, a middle, and an end. And I'm not polishing anything yet. If I already recorded my voiceover, I will drop that in too. And then I spent time finding music that matches the pace. You know, sometimes it’s temporary music, but sometimes I can already find the real track. Then I just play everything back from the beginning to the end, and I can really watch the rough story unfold. And I just really pay attention and immediately I will see where the gaps are, the pacing feels off, or what kind of shots I'm still missing, or sometimes what I can really get rid of. So before you dive into polishing, build your assembly edit. Drag your key clips into a story order and then refine after that. It will save you hours of frustration and I'm sure it will give you way more clarity on where your edit is heading. And where your story is heading. So with my first edits... I loved picking a song and just cutting on the beat. We've all probably done those edits and they feel nice, but it gets repetitive pretty fast. And I think real flow goes way deeper. So here are just a few ways to create flow. The first one cut intentionally. Don't just throw clips together. Just think about where the eyes of your audience are on the screen and how the movements of the eyes flow from one shot to the next, or how one shot flows to the next. Then the second one is beat accents, because instead of cutting on the beat, you can land an action with the beat like when you're dropping something, or when you're stepping in a frame, or even raising an eyebrow... I will show you an example in a bit. , Then the third audio transitions. Because a sound effects across two shots can really glue them together. And sometimes a sound effect does that even much better than the shots themselves. And a combination is even better. So, for example, in the intro of this video, I cut the movement going out of the shot from the right to the left. Then coming in from the right to the left. So it feels fast but smooth. Then I hit beat accents. Me coming on to the desk or raising my eyebrows right on the beat. So instead of cutting on the beat, the action itself matches the beat. So next time you edit... don't just think about speed, think about movements. Where are the eyes going? Where's the rhythm pulling? Just try one intentional cut, maybe one beat accent and one audio transition. And I'm sure your edit will feel much... smoother instantly. if your edit feels predictable, people tune out. And that's why I like to break my own rhythm with a quick sudden cut... or a change of scene, or just something completely unexpected. So that contrast, that's really what can bring people back into your story, even a small surprise creates a little spike of focus. And those tiny spikes are really what keep people watching. As long as it's not too forced and it's part of your story You can use contrast... This can be anything, loud versus quiet or fast versus slow or bright versus dark Or, I add suprise. Just something playful or something abrupt that no one saw coming. For example, in this video's hook, I froze the frame and dropped in text before you expected it because it was like in the first three seconds... and that tiny break already made you pay much more attention. And then later I cut to silence when I'm at the empty desk and that sudden shift in energy that instantly makes you think, hey, what just happened there? But really try to make it a part of the story. So in your next edit, just try to find one spot to add contrast or surprise. Maybe it's a freeze frame or a quick silence or an unexpected cut. You really don't need many of those. But you know, really, one well-placed surprise can already make your story pretty unforgettable. You know, editing will always be a puzzle. No matter how many tricks you learn, how many secrets you learned, there will always be these moments where it feels like things are not going to work. And that's really normal because filmmaking is really hard. But when your story finally comes together in the edit, it's always worth it. But if you find it hard to finish your own videos, check out my Story Starter Kit, the link’s in the description. And I really designed this to make filmmaking simple and take you from staring at a messy timeline to finally finishing a video you’re proud of. The link is in the description and it's the most affordable way to finally finish, I think, and get your ideas out of your head onto the screen. Now, my last bonus secrets is “be ruthless”. when I started out editing, I could spend days trying to squeeze in every shot that I filmed just because I filmed the shot and the shot was nice, but now I really try to make my selections really fast. Kill Your Darlings is how they call it, and it's really true. You will have to say goodbye to a lot of great shots, but the faster you will learn to cut what doesn't serve the story, the more energy you will have to shape the story itself. that's also where the assembly edit from earlier really helps, because it really forces you to make decisions quickly. And the more ruthless you are, the better edits will be. And now that you've got all this fresh knowledge to dive into your edit... check out this video next where I will show you the kind of cuts you need to apply this into your edits. Good luck! You can do it! Go edit, edit that thing. No matter how many tricks or secrets you know, there will always be a moment it's not going to work. And that is normal because filmmaking is hard. But when a story finally comes together, it's always worth it. if you find it hard to start and finish your own story straight from video, be sure to check out my Story Starter kit. Because it's the science to make filmmaking simple and take you from staring at a blank timeline to actually finishing a video that you're proud of gives you a simple structure to turn an ID into a clear story, plan your shots without overthinking, and edit smoothly until you hit export the links in the description. I think it's a really affordable way to finally get your ideas out of your head and onto the screen, You know, editing is always a puzzle. you learn, there will always be moments that it feels like it's not going to work. And that's normal But when the story finally comes together, it's always worth it. And if you find it hard to even start or finish your own story driven videos, check out my story start a Case because it's designed to. Yeah. Hello?

  Top Comments:
  1. @TimRunia [31 likes]: Hope you like my nr 1 secret, try it and let me know how it works for you :) and if you want start creating, get my Starter Kit here: https://storystarterkit.com
  2. @himanshusain4404: Which editing app is this ?
  3. @ManManagingLife: Great video. But how do I start with selecting the right kind of track or sfx? There are so many choices and versions and varying quality in an editor. Its overwhelming!
  4. @PixoteFilms: Thanks
  5. @davidwhitaker2559: This is really well done and helped me a lot, thanks!
  6. @naveenplaysgames: after the intro, do you apply the audio first approach to each scene and build the rest or?
  7. @iamkimminkyu4172: Useful 👍
  8. @FerewasmoJmczsewa: this song got that “randomly finding peace for 4 minutes straight” kinda vibe 😭
  9. @DJPre-K: 2:10-2:14 Hi, Tim! Which DAW do you use to record your voiceovers? Or do you just record directly into the video editing software?
  10. @Eiatleta: How i can make all this in a fitness Chanel ? Heeeeeelp !
  11. @leonvicc: This is such a wonderful video, thank you. Can you please make a video on lighting, composition and colour grading.
  12. @stutteringguy: Love Uh!
  13. @ashutoshkaranjkar4869: Sorry but I cannot ignore your  grade glitches at 1:26 😁 but great video thanks for those tips
  14. @RoNiHyakuu: You do the audio planning beforehand, what do you do for videos with audio, do you leave a gap (for example vlog style videos) in between?
  15. @craftbygeet9505: The way you end your video.... That is insane and very connected❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
  16. @Blaze_boiz: 1:02  even I lean in your video
  17. @jasontodd6779: Only 226.000 view?
  18. @bazandyukiontheroad: Just starting out and found the “be ruthless” tip the hardest but also the most liberating! As the saying goes, less is more. Thanks again!
  19. @XochiArtGallery: I thought the beginning of the video was an ad - Really well edited!
  20. @DeepFriedCiggy: Question, did you intentionally line up your beard to match the line on the wall behind?

- 3 Editing Secrets I Wish I Knew Earlier: Kind: captions Language: en it is the golden word of YouTube Every editing decision is to optimize these so then we will be blessed by [Music] we've lost our way we've started using logic to find out what's best for the edit rather than exploring how emotional intelligence or creative expression can find out what's best for the edit but for whatever reason we started treating editing like it's a maths problem rather than using it as an opportunity for Creative expression so here are three things that I regret I didn't know sooner that would make me not just an editor but an artist and the first one I call the Jurassic Park Theory your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could they didn't start to think if they should just because I can add VFX doesn't mean I should add the effects just because I can add a song doesn't mean I should add a song just because I can add a clip of me slapping Logan doesn't mean that I should but we could all agree that joke's getting a little bit overdone do you see my point but sometimes we get so caught up on flexing and how great we are as editors that we think adding a thousand VFX shots on a ton of transitions is good editing but just because you can add the effects and transitions should you is it actually serving a story is it telling me something about the character is it establishing a theme or are you just doing this so you can show off something on Twitter filmmaking is so incredibly exciting and of course it encourages us to think big but sometimes thinking big could actually hinder on whether that's best for the story sometimes the story calls for small instead of big or less instead of more here's an example in this video we're hearing a thousand people's blindness I was tasked to edit Miss to be securing a thousand people's blindness and I needed to Showcase how people experienced blindness from all around the world that's the rule well that's obvious then let's just add a VFX animation of the earth and so we can all say hey that's cool right I mean well yeah it's cool it's pretty Advanced but when you look at it when you really look at it does that convey the story as clearly as possible or could something more simple convey the story better so instead I found as many portrait shots as I could in our footage and created a match cut sequence of every single person's eyes and spread out the process that barrage of images really makes you feel the scale of the problem around the world compared to just showcasing a planet because I thought it looked cool can you convey what needs to be said with a simple cut or Cuts before you choose to go bigger going bigger should be your last result after all the foundation of editing is just the juxtaposition of cuts if you can't master that then you can't master editing at all in my course I call this Theory conversational editing how one shot is in a conversation with the shots after it and that shot is in conversation with the next and so on throughout the entire piece now obviously that's a really difficult skill to master which is why I've put it in my course so you can try that out yourself now the next thing I wish I knew Murder Your Darlings but don't throw the baby out with the bath water look I get it on YouTube we have to play the algorithm games any obvious way to game the algorithm is to make our videos as short and as fast as possible because you're worried that if you linger too long that maybe they won't like you so you over stimulate the audience you give them everything so what does that mean for the audiences is that they then get but sometimes giving them everything will actually give them nothing because that over trimming will end up cutting out the small moments I will actually make it a story I learned that when we discussed that concept on my podcast the editing podcast subscribe by the way where Michelle Carrey in her documentary I train like an Olympic boxer she explained the most important moment in the entire video was a moment of silence at the end of this bar when I fail when I get knocked down what really stood out to me about this edit Ryan leaves in this really nice moment of just silence that silence was the moment where Tony realized she's gonna get back up and I think I can train this person all the way to the end you know most YouTube editors would have cut that out and just moved on to the next thing it was a lesson in some of these moments of pause are the most interesting to watch in the entire thing that moment of silence which could be a very obvious moment to trim out in fact became one of the most important beats in the entire documentary but I bet you on a murderer darling's pass that would have been one of the first things that would have been cut out but it is so worth keeping all of this is to say it's not a sin to trim but it is a sin to over trim sometimes silence speaks loudest body language can say so much more than dialogue and if the eyes are a window to the soul then sometimes holding on to eye movement will suck us into the piece so yes Mario Darlings but don't throw the baby out with the bathroom his the one thing I really really wish I knew sooner and it's how to transcend from not just being an editor but being an artist and it's to take everything that you know and then forget it it's weird right but uh let me explain good morning g'day good afternoon good evening good morning g'day good afternoon good evening and good night I'm Eden Helia Smith when I first started editing obviously I didn't know what to do so I went to books mentors schools to learn how to be an editor all of these tools taught me the Practical fundamental ideas formats and styles of editing and I thought that was it that was the end game I'm off to do great things I'm an amazing editor now woo and that was the issue everything that you can get from studying is practical knowledge that everyone else has access to so then my videos began to look like everyone else's because I had learned formulas and therefore my content became formulating what I was doing was not standing out and so if I had reached that end game that line what could I be doing next I chose to forget everything I know I stopped thinking with my mind and started exploring something else that no one else had access to my heart some of the best editing I've ever done I cannot explain there's no formula but I can tell you what I was feeling when I edited it Hayden is alive barely barely yo the whole night was I worked with Logan Paul with 2016 all the way up to 2022 and during that time I think I can say that we grew up creatively together we developed our taste in filmmaking through the over 500 videos that we made together that time was incredibly personal for both of us I don't know if a lot of people also realize the amount of Storytelling ability that we have done and are capable of doing you are the thing that no one knows about that is like vastly responsible for a lot of My Success thank you for that thank you for me Logan Paul wasn't just my boss he was my collaborator but do you notice that past tense was the natural time came where both me and Logan were heading into different life paths and we chose to acknowledge that and we started a project 99 Originals as one last hurray I needed to take the craziest coolest photo I can every single day for the next 99 days that you're feeling for me I already explained why I cut it this way or what formula I used all I knew is that I wanted to say goodbye to Logan through editing I started editing with my heart is that I know play but they were in my subconscious I already learned the three act structure microbeats and punchline editing I did the rule are free there I did a call back there I used some bookend storytelling there everything that I was doing was in my subconscious I didn't have to think about it I used storytelling formulas and techniques the same way that you would do walking you just do it and because it was already in my subconscious I was able to put all of my creative energy into editing with my heart and that's what I want to teach you in this course how to learn with your brain so you can think with your heart that's so cheesy but all right let me give you a specific example in the last video I ever edited for Logan Logan is in a zero gravity plane surrounded by his Polaroids and to me those Polaroids looked like timelines and as Logan floated I imagined myself floating through all of the timelines that me and Logan made together and what that would feel like this odd sense of nostalgia and reverence of looking at your past work finally when the gravity kicks in the Polaroids and Logan come down and it feels that I too am putting down my time with Logan I have been trying for ages to express how this feels with words but there are no words there's no way to express this in the English language but I can't express it through editing and that's what I want to teach you how you can express yourself through editing and edit like an artist the link to my course is in the description I hope to see you in there

  Top Comments:
  1. @HillierSmith [20 likes]: I have an editing class! Sign up here:  https://hayden-hillier-smith.mykajabi.com/edit-like-an-artist
  2. @AlgyBlox [9 likes]: Who else is here in 2025??
  3. @SkyeFireTwo-707 [3 likes]: Bro puts more effort in his videos then most modern movies
  4. @S.L.Santos [1 likes]: Putting the love aside for this one. I hate that Hayden only see YouTube videos as a result of good editing. Yes it does make a difference, but videos are more than what is happening on the screen. --- It begins with what this is about (A.K.A the value proposition).
.
Saying a video is good because of the editing is the same as saying a novel is good because of its illustration. --- Yes, the editing matters. But at least I'm here for what is being shared. And that goes beyond the fancy editing.
  5. @Ranuja_55: Kk को देखकर कौन आया है
  6. @Briandoe: I'm sold off the facial expressions alone
  7. @Pigmentopia: Just because I CAN put a pink light on my face doesn't mean that I Should... 🤗
  8. @magiicbeans6405: I first watched Hayden about 3 to 4 years ago and was obsessed, I learnt a lot and made like 50 videos and I realise how much he helped, like murder your darlings, but yes I threw the baby out as he said.. Came back cause I wanna get back into it and he’s pretty much still the best out there, can’t believe I forgot about this extremely intelligent, magnificent editor. 💯
  9. @ChrisProuse: Beautiful ❤
  10. @ArmandoBoom: I just had my first payment of 102£ from youtube this month .. on one of my channels.. i promise i will save up to buy your course .. i do gaming content but still there s plenty of psychological decisions when it comes to editing even in game niche.. i just hope i can buy it so i can just apply it to my content .. ❤
  11. @sunshinestudioslimited125: Simply brilliant! Hillier, my dream is to take your course as soon as possible!
  12. @Deepak-fx3jo: thanks
  13. @TravelWithsafeen: Who is in 2026?
  14. @josephotero: The intro tho! 🔥
  15. @snorblyserbia: This is on Interstellar level
  16. @FireGaming743: Great fast transformation story curve applied in starting 😮
  17. @mateuszmv4912: <3
  18. @julianaantonello1206: From editor to editor, I loved the video! The message is so true, everything changes when you embrace art and your own style! I thought it was super cute, congratulations!
  19. @smmohub: Tui có vietsub nè
  20. @agustingodoy6363: Bro thank you for this video you're masive

- 10 Editing Tips Every Beginner Must Know!: Kind: captions Language: en Most beginner editors are making small mistakes that are costing them views, watch time, and subscriber growth. But if you just fix a few of the things that we're going to talk about in this video, you're going to see improved retention for your videos, as well as just feel more confident in the content that you're putting out for your viewers. So, let's dive into these 10 editing tips every beginner must know. You got to just press record. So, our first tip of the day is that your first frame of video really does matter, and you want to be intentional about what you're showing in your first frame of video. Ideally, we want to capture attention as fast as humanly possible. And nowadays, viewers are deciding in seconds if they're going to watch your video or scroll on to the next one. And this is typically because YouTube is now actually autoplaying video silently. As somebody hovers over your video, whether on the computer or even on a cell phone, it starts to play that first frame of video instantly. And that first frame sort of serves as your visual hook to get people interested in your video. A couple things to avoid here is first and foremost, don't fade in from black or leave a bunch of empty space at the beginning of your video. Those first couple seconds are super valuable. So, just dive right into the content with the first frame. Additionally, there's a lot of data out there to suggest that starting off with stock footage can create sort of a disconnect between you and your viewer. So, ideally, try not to start off with stock footage or any video clip that feels sort of like it's stocky or not inherent to the content of the video. Try to avoid that. Okay, moving right along into our second tip is to add movement to your A-roll. So, the goal here is to just keep up the visual energy throughout your video, especially if you're just talking. If you're just delivering talking head content, if you can add some movement to those A-roll clips to make them feel more interesting, this is going to help drive retention. Now, the first way would be to add some subtle punchins or zoom outs. So, you can just add some key frames to your video clips. So add a key frame at like the start point of one portion of your A-roll and then create another key frame towards the end of that sequence and then you can scale your percentages. Maybe start at 100% and scale up to about 110%. And you'll see a 10% zoom added to your video clip and that just adds some movement to your frame. There's also some cool presets that you can search for based on whatever editing software you use. So I use Adobe Premiere Pro and I have a handheld motion preset that's kind of cool. It basically makes it look like my video was shot handheld by somebody operating a camera versus me just locking it off on a tripod. It can add a little bit of energy to the clip, which is nice. A tip here is definitely don't add this every single clip that you need to cut or if you're using multiple camera angles, don't try to add this to all the different camera angles. Just use it sparingly, but use it every once in a while to add a little bit more interest. Now, our third tip is to add breath or space to your video just to improve pacing and reduce your viewer fatigue at times. And all this really looks like is adding maybe a half second or a full second pause between some of the major points in your sections of your script. And this doesn't have to be every section of the script. It can just be maybe every third section. But what you're doing here is just allowing the viewer to have a moment to reset their attention. Take a little breath. Wonder what's coming next instead of trying to have this retention focused editing that's so fast-paced and removes every single silence and every single mistake. it can get a little exhausting for your viewer when you do that kind of editing. So, if you can work on your pacing a little bit, you can sort of vary your cadence and speed up at times and then go a little bit slower other times. And then in your actual editing timeline, you can add a little bit of space between those key sections to add some breath. Our fourth tip is to spend the most amount of time editing your hook. So, that's the first 30 seconds of your video. Ideally, you need to nail the first 30 seconds because this is where most viewers are going to leave. If they want to watch the video, they need to make sure that those first 30 seconds are valuable. There's a lot of good information and good editing as well. So, this actually starts with pre-production in scripting out your entire hook. So, even if we have a video that's going to be a little bit more off the cuff and we go more unscripted, we will still script at least the first sentence or the first few sentences of our video to make sure that the hook is dialed in. A couple mistakes you want to avoid when editing your hooks would be first and foremost, don't let your hooks be too long. A good hook can be as short as five or 10 seconds and as long as about 30 seconds, but if you're going a minute or two before you get into your core content, that's not going to be ideal and it's going to drive retention downward. Also, with your hooks, it's a great idea to add some visual interest. So, some B-roll, some graphics, things like that. Even some sound design can be really helpful. So, just spruce up your hooks and spend the most amount of time editing your hooks. And then you can sort of peter off your edit a little bit later. If somebody's watching, you know, 10, 12 minutes into your video, they've probably already decided they're going to stick around for the end. So, if you're going to focus your attention somewhere, focus on the beginning, and then you can just sort of slow down your edit a little bit towards the back half. Our next editing tip is to leverage split screens to show two different perspectives or reactions happening at the same time. And the goal here is just to increase the information on screen and also obviously viewer interest. This is great actually for comparing two things. So maybe you have like a before and after shot where one shot is ungraded S- Log footage and then the other shot is graded S- Log footage to show your color correction. That's a great split screen sort of method. I've also done other creative shots where maybe I have like a little pocket three camera lens that is in a really small window and then on the other side is me actually using that lens in a video clip or something. And so these are just interesting ways where you can create different sorts of framings in your video. It doesn't just have to be the 16x9 aspect ratio video widescreen format. You can do like a frame within a frame to drive interest. And this is a pretty easy effect to achieve. You just sort of do some cropping with your image and then create your different frames. Move things around and frame it however you want to frame it up. And it can just add quite a bit to your video. It also helps with the rewatchability factor of your video. If you want somebody to watch more than one time or to rewind a section to view both of those screens more simultaneously, this is a great tactic for driving retention and rewatchability. Our next tip is kind of a technical one, but it's going to be to apply what's called L cuts and J cuts for some smoother and more complex even audio transitions. Now, let me explain what those L and J cuts even mean. They actually correspond to the way that a cut visually looks inside of your editing software. An L cut looks like the shape of an L and a J cut looks like a J. So an L cut is when the audio from the previous clip keeps playing just a little bit longer while the video cuts to the next scene. So that audio is going to overlap just a little bit. And then J cut is the exact opposite of that. So that's when the audio from the next video is going to play a little bit before the visuals of that video play. So that creates sort of a J looking cut. Using these L&J cuts to sort of help your audio and your video feel like it's a little bit more smooth and cohesive versus just a standard hard cut where you're just like making a line and you drag the video over and everything's just like a hard cut all throughout your video and nothing's overlapping. That can feel a little bit jumpy at times. So these LJ cuts can help smooth those transitions, especially from one key section to another in your video. I know this is a little bit more of a highlevel editing technique that you maybe are not used to, but it can really elevate your pieces and make them feel more professional. Now, our seventh tip is to do a little bit of sound editing, and it's called EQ or equalization. And it's specifically EQing your voice to make it sound a little bit clearer. And the goal here is to just increase the quality and the cleanliness of our audio sample. So, if you didn't know, audio is actually measured in frequencies. And there's a lot of different frequencies that you can manipulate to make your voice sound clearer or a little more sharp and punchy or a little bit more bassy and strong. So, there's all these things you can adjust and I'll actually put right here on screen the EQ controls that I have access to here in Adobe Premiere. So, I'll start manipulating these a little bit and I'll show you what happens when you cut out some of the low-end frequencies. So, those are the lower parts of my voice. And typically I cut anything below like 60 hertz or 80 hertz even because that's all of like this low-end stuff that's not really a part of the typical human voice. So I'll cut it out and that's going to help with those those bumps or those room tone. That's just not really valuable sound. But if I go too far with it, I'll show you what it sounds like now. Now I'm going to sound a little bit too high, too tiny, and it's not going to sound that good. So you want to make sure you don't go too far with EQing out your low-end frequencies. And then on the other hand, I also cut out anything over like 17,000 hertz or so. So those are the higherend frequencies that aren't really a part of my voice, but they are some really high sounds that I don't want to have in my mix. And then if I go too far with my high-end, then I'm going to start sounding like I'm underwater. It's like there's no high-end anymore. I sound like super low and weird. So you just kind of got to find the balance of where you want to EQ. And then you can go in and start individually trying to narrow in some of your frequencies and scanning your frequencies to find the problems. So a lot of times you might hear like the S's are a little bit too sharp or something. And you can go in and find where those S's are too prominent in your frequency range and sort of EQ those out of the mix to help your audio sound a lot better. No matter what software you're editing in, you probably have some sort of EQ that you can add to your mix or something as simple as a lowass or a highpass filter can also cut out some of those frequency ranges as well to help you get better audio. Okay, our next tip is to use B-roll. And we've talked about B-roll a lot over the course of this video. And B-roll is just supplemental footage that you can add on top of your talking head A-roll shots to just reinforce whatever you're talking about and add visual interest. So, it's really great for first and foremost covering cuts. So, throughout this video, I've made mistakes and I'm able to cover some of those cuts with B-roll, which has been really helpful. It saves me. It makes me look like I'm smarter than I actually am. And it's also great for reinforcing whatever you're talking about with visuals. A common phrase that you'll hear as an editor is show, not tell. So, ideally, whenever we can, we want to show things on screen to help reinforce whatever we're talking about. And typically when I'm editing, I try to strive for like a visual change every 8 to 15 seconds or so. And this doesn't just have to be B-roll. This can be like a visual change with what we've talked about, like adding key frames or like a little push in to your A-roll or doing a split screen effect or something like that. So, there's different ways you can add visual interest, but B-roll is probably the most simple and the easiest way to achieve this, just by adding some additional video footage on top of your A-roll layer. Now, our next tip is to add sound effects to your videos to just make your videos feel a little bit more cinematic and immersive. Even just simple things like adding a subtle like click. If you're like scrolling around on doing like a screen recording, you can add a mouse click or something to your video. That helps a lot. You've probably noticed throughout this video, I've added maybe some like camera shutters or some transition sounds throughout it just to make the edit feel a little bit more like the sound experience corresponds better with what's visually happening in my video. There's also a fun thing called Foley. And what that's known as is like the reproduction or the creation of sound effects that are added into a video after the initial shooting. So, if I was like recording a shot of me like walking through a gravel road and the audio wasn't very good, I could actually go then record the sound of me walking on that gravel with a really high quality microphone and then add that fully sound effect back into my mix to make the video sound more immersive. Now, the one thing about sound effects are you definitely don't want to overdo it. Maybe if you put a few during your hook, that could be a good spot for it. And then throughout the rest of your video, maybe just appear them every once in a while. Just add like a little ching sound here or like an exclamation whoosh sound or a little pop-up sound effect or something. These are fun ways that you can engage your viewer and make for a more immersive video experience. Now, our final tip is one that you really do need to think about during pre-production planning of your video as well, which is adding a specific call to action that's going to move viewers through a journey into your content library. So, as you're sitting there editing your video, you want to be thinking about how could I move somebody who just watched this video down a path of watching a lot of my content, like three or four videos that all relate to the video that they actually just consumed. So, this is something we're always thinking through at Think Media. How can I create pieces of content that all relate to each other so that when somebody watches one video, it leads them down this like bingeworthy experience of engaging with all of our content in our library? And speaking of this, it's a great segue into you watching this video right here from our content creator Nate at Think Media. He's edited over 100 videos for Think Media. And this video is what he would do differently if he had to start over editing completely from scratch. This is such a good video and it'll help you out a ton. So, check that out right there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Din_a_di_14 [48 likes]: that's exactly what i needed tnx! and what editor to use tho? i heard movavi is good for that
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [9 likes]: What's the biggest editing challenge you're currently facing as a beginner? Let us know below ⬇
⭐ Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  3. @Dmason0089 [2 likes]: I was actually surprised at how much value was in this video. Really good, concise info, not even click-baity. Thanks a lot man 👍
  4. @zenzieasmr [1 likes]: Thank you SO much!  Your videos are awesome. I know some of the basics of Premiere but I really didn't know any of these tips because I'm just not a skilled editor.😂

My channel is getting a lot of attention and I want to make sure that they get better and better over time...this helps so much!

You have no idea How many horrible jump cuts I make in my videos and how badly I want to fix it but have no idea how, and that's especially bad if you're doing ASMR.😂 

Your videos are absolutely saving me. Going back to watch the one on Adobe premiere basics as well; there are so many things you taught that made me hit my hand with my forehead and realize I could be using the software so much more efficiently than I am.
  5. @dennisdoughboy [1 likes]: An actual example in the video of a L and J cut would have been cool!
  6. @ExaltMiracle: You made me see the side of cap cut i didnt know , i never new it is such an easy app to use , as a beginner 😂
  7. @ExaltMiracle: The part of creating related videos , which you are directed to , was a smart art i have to admit 😂 , you guys got me going through almost half your content foe about 2hrs😮 , you are super crrative 😂
  8. @mejiamade: this video helped a lot, thanks!
  9. @saulscustom: Ted editing tips? Listen to the first few seconds
  10. @lalatoocooll: @callmetishane
  11. @Juste2211: what editing app do you use @thinkmediatv i NEED to know please
  12. @mamaaaworld: thank u from mother father of all creation!
  13. @Dan3dits-y1e: Super helpful tips! Perfect for beginners who want to level up their editing game 🙌🎬
  14. @Rob5kstar: Seria bueno para Android!
  15. @bravencx: 3:53 pb&j guy! :)
  16. @JTXTV: I'm having a great time taking notes from your videos! The examples of the content or tip your teaching being shown in real-time is very appreciated!
  17. @DhavalBhattFinance: This is super important for me coz I’m very new in the game and I’m really not good at editing but what I can say that DaVinci Resolve is really advanced and it’s not for me. I prefer iMovies which is pre installed on my MacBook and it’s free, super easy
  18. @Nayddoh: Really like this host!
  19. @leeChMSI: i would love to see tips for faceless videos or gaming channel videos. i find a lot of the stuff think media says is really useful but isn't really something i can put to use due to my niche
  20. @clearairfpv: Google just deleted my entire old channel, so starting again from scratch. TIP: If you buy Google Workspace you can never remove your account from it!

- 7 YouTube Editing Tips to Instantly Boost Retention: Kind: captions Language: en my business partner Maro and I have created videos with retention graphs like this which has led to views like this this and even this and today I'm going to show you these seven editing techniques that we use to make this happen consistently by the way I'll be using capcut to show you these techniques because it's free and they've also sponsored this video but you can use any editing software that you like starting with number one don't overedit for your audience a mistake I see a lot of creators make is that they think more editing equals better performance which simply isn't the case I've even made this mistake myself in the past just take a look at the YouTuber penguin zero the man just throws in a few Cuts in b-roll Transitions and still brings in a few million views per video or take a look at my buddy micaa who's brought in hundreds of thousands of views with very simple a-roll and stock footage the point I'm making is that editing is not the star of the show it's simply the supplement which means that you need to align your style of editing with your audience's preferences and also realize that the value of your content is way more important than the way you present it if you have a younger audience you'll likely need to add more Transitions and fancy editing gimmicks to drive retention but on the contrary if you have an older audience you probably won't need to employ this as much and doing it might even overwhelm your audience so again the level of editing that you're employing in your content really just depends on who you're making videos for and again you definitely don't want to overedit number two is to raise your graphs now everyone knows that intros are the most important part of your video to drive retention so you'll watch to do what's called frontloading your video which means that you'll first want to pay special attention and put more work into the first 30 seconds or so of your video we keep the pace of our videos pretty similar throughout the entire thing but definitely add more animations b-roll and so on if it makes sense for the audience in those first 30 seconds to really Drive retention and keep viewers for the rest of the video but you'll also want to take this a step further if you really want to increase your attention now when you've consistently published videos for a while you'll start to get more and more data on your audience and how long they watch your videos this will obviously depend on video length and also the age of your viewers for the most part so for example if you have a younger audience your average watch time might be in the range of like 3 minutes versus if you have an older audience it might go up to let's say 6 or 7 Minutes whatever this is you'll want to expand the effort that you put into the first 30 seconds of your video to Encompass the same amount as your average watch time so you're pleasing as many viewers as possible now Beyond just raising your graphs you'll also want to flatten them after the front load of your your video you obviously don't have to edit as much in the latter part of your video but you definitely don't want a huge drop in retention after those first let's say three or 4 minutes otherwise you'll see dips like this where people drop off of your video and kill your attention So to avoid this you're going to want to keep a consistent style and relatively consistent pacing to bridge viewers from the beginning of your video to the end of your video and bump up your retention number four is to keep the big transitions for the big moments in your video transitions are a super important part of the editing process but if you're going to throw in a huge whoosh or Zoom or whatever else then you're going to want to make sure you do it at the right time to keep retention High some creators I talk to think big transitions in their edits equal better retention but unfortunately they don't instead they really only work when you're doing something big changing scenes or really anything else that warrants that big transition versus otherwise where people get distracted you overedit and they click off for example take a look at this clip of Mr Beast you can see that he uses a big transition sequence when he's going to one of the biggest houses in the video the key here is that if you're going to use a big transition sequence it needs to be at the right time and in every other scenario you're probably just going to want to use jump Cuts so you're not again being distracting and over editing and losing viewers remember editing shouldn't steal the show it should really just be a supplement to the value of your video number five is to focus on sound design sound design is crucial for creating immersion in your video and that doesn't mean everything needs a sound but for example if an icon slides onto the screen you're going to want to have a SL sliding noise if money falls in the floor you're going to want to have a noise for the money and so on or if you're using actual footage in your video you can even artificially improve sounds to get the exact same effect for example let's take a look at this clip in the movie The Lord of the Rings Bilbo drops the ring here and in order to convey the idea that the ring is super heavy the sound design team behind the movie artificially enhanced the sound obviously don't overuse this for example if you have subtitles in your video you're not going to want to have a pop anytime a subtitle comes on screen because again it gets distracting you're over editing and you lose viewers but otherwise be tasteful with it include sounds when you can to immerse the audience in your video and I promise you your attention will Skyrocket and if you're using cap cut PC like I am right now cap cut even includes a whole library of free sound effects that you can use in your videos to achieve this effect now building off of just using sound effects Tastefully in your videos you're also going to want to purposefully use music as a tool to boost retention I suggest first having the volume quiet enough where you can actually hear your voice over for me this is like -5 to -25 DB below the voiceover volume but for you it could be different however on top of that you'll also want to change the music when big things happen in your video like when you go from the intro to the body of your video or when you move from a section to another section or a place to a different place just like you'd use transitions you're going to want to change music to bring viewers over to these big changes when I first started on YouTube I saw music as an afterthought and I would honestly just throw one one or two songs in a video after I was finished with everything else but I soon realized that it was killing my retention music is powerful so you definitely want to be purposeful and use it to bridge viewers over different sections of your video different moments settings whatever number six is to get creative with your edits for example you can play subtitles on your video as a supplement to whatever you're saying but also if you're going to do that don't make the same mistake I used to and make all your subtitles manually instead if you're using cap cut PC you can use cap Cuts built in autoc captions tool to automatically add subtitles in whatever style you want to your video to use it all you have to do is click a button and if you have an audio track in your timeline capcut PC will automatically create captions for you without you having to do a thing you can also use cap cut or any other video editing software to create motion tracking on objects add text overlays create trending effects and so much more to add just a spice of creativity to your video and cap cut is great because it makes this way easier all this does is keeps your edits interesting for your viewers and also makes you more unique and more likely to stick out to your viewers finally tip seven is to give your viewers a break definitely don't be afraid to give your viewers a break a lot of YouTubers hyper stimulate their viewers with side by-side or even overlapping voiceover tracks and cuts and eventually it just becomes way too much for a viewer to digest if they're getting information thrown at them like crazy so instead in between different sections of your video I'd recommend giving your viewers a little bit of breathing room and you'll notice that some public speakers even do this like for example Barack Obama here has breaks in the way he speaks we know the battle ahead will be long but always remember that no matter what this makes him appear more confident and it doesn't hurt him because his audience is engaged enough to a point where little pauses really just keep them listening as opposed to making them tune you out so definitely cut your voiceovers this way too and you'll have better retention instantly on your videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisPrince-e5b [54 likes]: these tips are super insightful! i'll use them while editing my vids in movavi
  2. @BusinessDuck-1 [29 likes]: Is no one going to talk about how he said 6 or 7 minutes.
  3. @MrThatGuy-tv [9 likes]: Key points:
* Tailor editing to your audience: Don't over-edit for an older audience who might find it overwhelming.

 * Front-load your video: Do extra work in the first 30 seconds with animations and B-roll to increase initial retention [01:30].

 * Use big transitions for big moments: Reserve significant transitions for major scene changes and use simple jump cuts otherwise [02:59].

 * Focus on sound design: Use sound effects to enhance the action and create an immersive experience [03:55].

 * Use music as a tool: Keep the music volume low (-15 to -25 dB below the voiceover) and use it to bridge different sections of the video [04:59].

 * Get creative with edits: Use tools like automatic captions, motion tracking, and text overlays to make your content unique and engaging [05:56].

 * Give viewers a break: Avoid over-stimulating the audience with constant cuts and overlapping voiceovers. Incorporating small pauses can make you appear more confident and help maintain engagement [06:49].
  4. @RobbieHarajly [5 likes]: 6 or 7 minutes
  5. @theliamhyland [1 likes]: 02:13 67 everyone
  6. @Samis_Stuf [1 likes]: This is such a good video! Nj 👏
  7. @cashbase723: 🎉
  8. @VoidRantYT: thanks bro
  9. @Crepsified: Bro my retention is the same as the intro but doesn’t even break 5K sometimes 😂 and ctr is 7 but ik i gotta work on that
  10. @adramoloch: Will you please make insights on how to grow a music project channel?
  11. @lemmecarry: i just began posting on youtube, the struggle is real 😅
  12. @junkbox_productions: My newest vid is actually having a stable impression click-through rate and is getting some good views! I've done all the steps except for editing so this video should help a lot. I got the thumbnails down, the titles, and the themes. Thank you for this tutorial🫡
  13. @LoreAndOrderOfficial: Amazing video brother. I learned a lot
  14. @ArtFlowCrafts: thanks you for share
  15. @mathonblackboard: I have a very similar retention graph on one of my youtube videos but the number of views I got over 3 years is only about 4K and the average retention is only about 3 mins while my video length is of 11mins length.
  16. @Keketin: Great vid. :)
  17. @DogeyDaGoldenDawg: i give up
  18. @AleksButtoniarz: thanks
  19. @Classtar: hii:face-fuchsia-tongue-out:
  20. @Reprie: I hope I can remember everything that was said in the video. And try to add it to my editing... it's rough to watch, to say the least.

- Make Your Edits Look EXPENSIVE (Simple Tricks): Kind: captions Language: en you ever finish an edit you watch it and think yeah this is fire but then you show it to someone else and they hit you with the yeah it's cool yeah that's the moment reality hits the problem isn't that your edit is bad is that you're biased because you made it you know how much effort you put in but the viewer they don't care about that so most people never actually fix their mistakes and what happens they get stuck making the same cheap looking edits forever but not you because today I'm going to show you how to make your edits look [Music] expensive if your edits look packed with too many effects it's probably doing more harm than good ever watched an edit and thought wow this looks like a million Doll ad and then you look at yours and it looks like it was made in Microsoft PowerPoint here's the secret expensive edits aren't about doing more they're about doing less but better think of Apple commercials they don't need crazy explosions or 3D Tes flying across the screen they just use clean simple visuals with intentional motion and guess what it looks expensive even though you can recreate it with any software so next time you're editing ask yourself do I really need this effect or am I just doing it because I'm bored let's talk about fonts I by your smile the fastest way to make an edit look cheap is using the wrong font fonts play a bigger role in your edit than you think the wrong one can make it look cheap while the right one just makes it instantly more polished here's some fonts that you can use if your edit looks flat and lifeless it's probably your color gring here's a before and after see the difference the first one looks like a high school project and the second one looks like a cinematic film here's how you fix it use adjustment layers to tweak your brightness contrast and color balance and if you really want to flex add subtle film grain some halation and even an overlay also that was more for camera film videos but if you make Transition edits like I also do adding a little bit of glow in S curves adjustment and sharpen it really makes your edit pop a little bit more cuz it's not really about color grading it's more about actually making your visuals look better that's some free game right there by the way sound design this one is underrated because if your edit doesn't have sound effects is missing so much impact see how much more expensive that feels even the smaller sound effects pushes for motion bases for impact subtle clicks for UI movements they all make the edit feel more immersive even if you're just working with types adding a switch time when it appears tricks the brain into thinking it's more polished all right before we jump into the next step I've got something big for you guys I'm launching beyond the cut a private telegram Channel where I'll teach you exactly how to edit like a pro and turn it into a real I've had a ton of requests for this and here's the deal when I open direct mentorship there will only be 10 spots available but even before that I'll be dropping exclusive tips on editing creativity and making money as an editor plus live streams q&as and maybe even giveaways and here's the best part the first people to join will get this crazy text animation pack for free so if you want to head start don't wait this is the only place I'll be giving this opportunity if you're serious about editing and making money from it click the link in the description and join now back to the video motion you ever see an edit where the movement feels weird choppy and stiff that's because motion needs to be smooth fix it by using easy EAS and tweaking the graph Editor to get that nice flow or you can check out my video where I teach you how to do smooth movements and to end of video I just want to say that beyond the cut is now live as I promised I gave away my text animation for free so make sure to cop when you join I want to start this year by helping out some of y'all with some editing game and especially those 10 of y'all who are going to be working with me closely on your editing Journey again the link is in the description thanks for watching and I'll see you guys next time Deuces been feeling like I am the one ain't nobody on this level i' been on they living like this I'm King of the hell I just become my St don't really f with you I come off like Bill yeah just like that

  Top Comments:
  1. @NaughtyyJuan [209 likes]: Ask me some questions for the Q&A on the Telegram!
  2. @abdullahsakib2528 [1 likes]: I use everything you mentioned, but still it isn't cinematic in my eyes.
  3. @DiaryOfaQuirkyKid [1 likes]: I almost didnt listen to you , i was sooooo into the visuals lol😭
  4. @yxungsauce2567: What font you use in this video as a main?
  5. @GoldenSkye: Mush mouth on the mic
  6. @Mkv2II: Uhhhh you put vsc osd mono twice. And i know that the second one is not vsc osd mono
  7. @HistoricallyMC: 1:01 for a solid moment I thought that the video had indeed been interrupted by an ad.
  8. @game_of_gambit: Bro talking in capital letter 😅😅😅
  9. @FOOLFX77: Gojo aint even planetary level
  10. @draiX-ds: Please make a vidio with arbic 😅
  11. @LocalTurdSupplier: are you the narrator for billionaire bears?
  12. @StevenBucao-s6i: holy ending
  13. @OKAY.manreal: Fix your mic bro
  14. @lolitsmejs1234: How he got so many cool stocks? Where can i get nice stock
  15. @HistoryBrainer: Asake Mr M$ney
  16. @velumuntold: Bro your voice is so calm ❤
  17. @velumuntold: Thanks for this master piece ❤❤
  18. @zachmoliga: Yo this is an inspirational masterpiece
  19. @The404Cookers: My edits really look like power point somehow
  20. @itsmeindigo: 1:23 ...except vegas pro (what i use)

- 10 CapCut Editing Hacks that will BLOW YOUR MIND🤯: Kind: captions Language: en Here are 10 CapCut editing hacks you may not have known existed. I will be sure to note which features are free versus paid, but a majority of these edits today are using free features including some of my personal favorites like placing text behind you, the Spotify scroll hack, and of course the typing hack. As always, timestamps are below, use them if you need them. Let's jump into it. Hack number one, remove the ugly automated CapCut outro. You know how when you start a new project in CapCut, at the very end you get this automatic beautiful CapCut outro, and then sometimes you forget about it, and then you export it with the video on. Yeah, there's a way to turn that off. So, let's do that together. In your CapCut app, you're going to go to the me tab on the bottom, and then top right press the tool icon, and under preferences there's a option that says add default ending. You're going to toggle that off. Then, you're going to press discard, and now that automated ending will not appear whenever you create a new project. Hack number two is removing the background of your videos. Knowing how to do this simple edit is going to open the floodgates of all other editing hacks that you could have access to including the typing feature or typing hack, which we'll get to in a bit. If you want to see the best success with this when filming your video, make sure you have a simple background going on behind you. If it's a very busy background, you're out and about, to be a lot harder to remove that background. It could be could be harder to remove that background. So, to keep it as easy as possible, simple background means simple background remover process. Simply, all you're going to do after you have your clip imported into your CapCut project, you just select the clip and then scroll until you see background or remove background, and then this one could be either free or paid. So, if you have CapCut Pro, you just press auto removal. It'll automatically identify your subject, remove the background for you. That's great. If you don't have the pro version, you can do custom removal. With this tool, there's a free and paid option. So, for paid options, obviously you can select auto removal, and it would remove the background for you. Really, really easy, but I actually don't have the pro version. I don't know why that worked. Maybe I can't export it unless it works. And then, another pro is under custom removal, quick brush. You just highlight the object that you want to keep, and then it'll apply the custom removal. So, that's like the paid version. But, if you don't have the paid version, that's okay. You can do the free version, and I'll show you how to do that. With the free version, all you're going to do is select brush, and you're going to, yes, trace all of you. I do this typically in like two steps. So, I first do like the middle chunk of me. I don't worry about getting too close to the edges. I just do the middle chunk. I don't have to be too clean with it. So, we're going to fill in the blanks here. Then, when it comes to like getting those fine lines, I'm going to bring the size of the brush down, and then go a little bit slower on the edges. Now, if you want a little bit of a hack for technique, just do little bits at a time, because if I try to do, let's say I did this whole side perfectly. Pretend this is perfect, perfect. And I get all the way to the end, and then I mess up, I'd have to redo that whole thing. I have to press undo, redo the whole thing. So, I just do little bits at a time, like this section, lift my finger, next section, lift my finger. And instead of dragging your finger on the screen like this, I just tap hold, and then I tilt side to side, instead of like drag. Obviously, I wasn't looking, so I don't know what I did there. That is how you can do the free version. Yes, it's a little bit more time consuming, but you still have access to the feature, and it still works wonders. Just take a little bit of time to trace those edges, and your background's removed. Once it's removed, your video will look like this. Now, in what scenario would this even be helpful? Let's jump to our next hack. Hack number three is placing the text behind you. This is the video that I created over on Instagram showing a visual example of how you can put text behind you in a reel. I originally saw this idea from Art of Influence Co over on Instagram, so definitely go give them a follow. First things first, I want to add my text. So, I'm just going to put this text behind you. For editing like the font or the style, just switch over to styles. You could choose what you want that to look like in CapCut. The fonts, you could choose the font. I usually keep the classic system or Anton. Anton is one of my brand fonts, so those are the two that I usually alternate between. And I want to place it right Uh, you won't be able to see the U much, so I'll put the U here if it's behind me. That's kind of where I want my text to be. Now, what I'm going to do is select the clip that you want the front and behind happening, so we're going to select this clip. We're going to duplicate the clip. Then, with the duplicated one over here, we're going to turn it into an overlay. Let's click and hold to drag this overlay on top of our original clip. Now, they should be perfectly in line with each other. With the overlay, we are also going to remove the background. Custom removal, you do your removal process. And then, go back. We're going to find the layers option. Layers. Make sure your timeline line, this guy here, is where the text is. So, again, we select our overlay, find layers, and then we're going to drag our overlay to be in front of the text. Check. And now, our duplicated self, or the self that had the background removed, is in front of the text. Just like that. If you've learned something new so far, be sure to click the thumbs up because that tells YouTube that other people like yourself would be interested in this video. And if you learn two new things by the end of this video, consider subscribing to my channel so I can continue to create weekly free content like this for you. Hack number four is to create your own green screen effect. We all know the green screen effect that you could use in Instagram or in TikTok. But if you film a video and while you're talking to the camera, you're like, "Oh, it'd be cool if I added a pop-up here." You want to add the green screen effect post filming. This is how you can do that within CapCut. So, I'm just going to go to the part where I want the green screen to pop up. So, where I'm pointing, boop. Once I start pointing, we're going to split. And then here is where I'm like talking about the article or whatever it's going to be. I think right here is where I end talking about it. So, this section is where I want that green screen effect to begin. Let's first do our duplicate, kind of similar steps to last time. We're going to duplicate. For the duplicated version, we're going to turn into an overlay and then again put it on top so that they're perfectly in line with each other. CapCut will like bounce it to the right place. Select your overlay and mute it cuz we don't want both audios happening at the same time. So, I'm going to mute my overlay and I'm also going to remove the background on my overlay. So, remove background. Cool. Continue. Okay, cutout applied. Now, we're going to add another overlay. This is going to be our green screen or whatever it is that we want to come up behind us. So, we're going to select overlay on the main timeline, add overlay, and then add the screenshot that you want to appear behind you. Let's adjust to size. There we go. And obviously the overlay is in front of us. So, I want to do is simply adjust the layers. So, we're going to select the overlay, go to layers, and then make sure our cutout is in front of our green screen. Drag to fit. And now it'll pop up. pretend there's a green screen. Here. And then it goes away. Hack number five is to make products pop up in your video. This is another editing hack that I saw on Art of Influence Co over on Instagram. So again, shout out, credit, that's where I originally saw this and I thought it was cool and I wanted to share it with all of you. Doing this is really simple and a fun way to add a little bit of animation to your video. Basically, whatever product you want to pop up, you're going to find it on your explore, screenshot it. Let's say I want Ben & Jerry's ice cream to appear. We're going to screenshot and crop in. Done. Save to photos. Then we're going to go back, add an overlay, our Ben & Jerry's screenshot. Then again, we're going to remove our And now we could have just like pinch your fingers and you could drag and drop everything where you want it to go. And then to set the duration of how long those products pop up, you just click and drag the end of that graphic in and out depending on when you want it to appear. Looks like I actually start pointing there. Cool. So. Ding. We'll start it. Cool. And then you just keep doing that with all the products that you want to appear. Hack number six is how to turn your boring photo slideshow reel into a fun dynamic 3D reel. This hack I originally saw on I thought it was super cool. I had to include it in this video, so go show some love to that creator. What you're going to do when you create a new project and you want it to be like a all photo reel, select the photos that you want included in your reel or TikTok, whatever you're making this for. After you've added your photos, make sure that the aspect ratio of your project fits in a short-form frame. So, we're going to switch over to the TikTok 19x16. Then, we're going to click our photos and zoom in so that it is full frame. So, what it is So, it is full frame. Next, we're going to pick a song to edit the photos to so there's some rhythm, some magic happening. Let's go to sounds. I'm going to choose a free one. That one. I'm going to start it on the beat drop. That. And real quick, I'm going to trim down the duration of my photos to fit the rhythm of the song. Right now, it's kind of boring. It looks like a school slideshow that you put together for your teacher for your class project. We want to add a little pizzazz. So, we're going to select our photo, press effects, and then style. And we are going to swipe until we find 3D zoom. Here we go. 3D zoom. Apply this effect to every single one of your photos on the timeline. So, now it would look something like this. Think you get the gist of it. Hack number seven is making cover photos for your Reels, TikToks, or even YouTube thumbnails. Let's say there's a frame somewhere in your project that you want to be the cover image on like your Instagram Reels feed. So, if I go to Instagram and I want a specific cover photo or even like YouTube thumbnail from a specific frame in your video, you can do that. At the very beginning of your timeline, you'll see this cover option. Now, you're going to select the frame. So, like that. I think that's the frame that I want to use. We are going to select use template, and there are a bunch of different templates here that we can use. I'm going to do, as you can see, like default. It's good for YouTube thumbnails. So if you have horizontal video you're editing your YouTube videos in CapCut, easy way to make a YouTube thumbnail. I'm going to do this vlog one. Check. Then we're going to tap and edit our text. dynamic photo reels styles. Check. And then of course you could edit all the other text or delete it. Boom. So this is the cover image that I want people to see in my feed. I'm going to save it. Now when I export my project, not only will this be the cover image in my own camera rolls, but what I'm going to do, I'm going to screenshot it. Crop in so it's the cover photo. Save. And then I'm going to edit the video so that the video actually doesn't start with that. So we're going to trim the front of the video off. Done. Save video. So now separately we have the video saved and the cover image saved that we can upload then to Reels, TikTok, wherever. Hack number eight is using a teleprompter within CapCut. This is a hack that I originally saw from Jenny X Social Media on Instagram. I've also had a few students bring it up in my coaching groups. So a lot of people tend to like the teleprompter option in CapCut. Basically to access this on your edit tab, make sure that that top row of features, press expand. Here is the teleprompter option. Now this is the only feature, only hack out of all the hacks in this video that is paid. So if you want a teleprompter where it's scrolling your script while you record a video, CapCut has it. It is only available in the pro version. All you would do is put your script here. When you're ready, have your phone set up, you press record, and the script will scroll while you're recording, so that way you don't have to memorize a video that you've scripted. Teleprompters are pretty self-explanatory. I feel like I don't really got to explain it too much, you know what I mean? Hack number nine is the Spotify scroll effect. I originally saw dude Neil over on TikTok teach this one, and I saw so many people using it. It is so cool. You don't have to just use Spotify, you could also use to scroll on TikTok, like show the screen recording of TikTok. You could use it in so many different ways. I'm just going to show you the traditional Spotify scroll hack. All right, starting our new project, obviously you're going to have to film two different videos. One is a video of you scrolling nothing, and then the other is the screen recording of you scrolling through Spotify. Ideally, you line them up so that the pace of your scroll matches the pace of your scroll in the Spotify screen recording. Here's my video, me thinking. I scroll, I scroll. Select the video. Now, this one we're going to zoom it in. And we're going to select overlay, whatever overlay is. Okay. Where there's a scroll. Going to crop it in. We're going to drag the overlay to go on top of me, obviously. Then we're going to select our overlay, because obviously you can't see me yet. We're going to choose the splice option, and then we're going to choose lighten. Now, you should be able to see both the Spotify scroll and myself. If you don't like the way lighten works, because lighten, it works well for the Spotify screen recording, since Spotify default is dark mode. If you're on Instagram, you're using light mode, you could click different things and see what works best for whatever app you screen recorded on. Filters another great option. I'm going to stick with lighten check. Then let's match up my scroll with the Spotify scroll real quick. Now that everything is lined up correctly and the scrolls are matching pretty well, we're going to do a few other effects on our overlay. So, overlay, select, we're going to go over to transform and then select mirror. I feel like this makes it look a little bit more realistic because it's like what my perspective is, what I'm looking at. I cut it here, so we're going to make sure this one's mirrored as well. And while you could leave it here, this looks cool already. There are a few other effects that you could add to make it even more dynamic. So, for example, you could choose the mask option. Here we go. Mask, mirror. This is going to add kind of like a fade or a gradient. I'm going to focus like like that could be cool. See what that looks like. Good fade. So, you see before, after. Let's add it to mask, mirror, fade. That should be pretty good. And that's how you could edit the Spotify scroll effect. Hack number 10 is the typing hack. This one is one of my personal favorites and I'm going to shout out Roots Marketing Agency where I learned personally how to apply this effect. All you need are two clips, a clip of your hands typing and a screen recording of you typing in a notes app. For getting the screen recording in your notes app, it doesn't matter whether it's light mode or dark mode. What I like to do is press enter until my kind of typer, what's that was called, flash flasher typer thing is at the as bottom or as low as possible. I'm going to switch to the title format, so it's as big and bold and I'm just going to type Instagram hacks you didn't know existed or Instagram something, right? So, once I get that screen recording done, then I'm going to upload my videos into CapCut. Now that I have my clips, I'm just going to cut the parts that I don't want. Here's clip of me typing. Cool, we're going to split, delete. Here's my screen recording. Instagram tips no one tells you. Split, delete. With your screen recording, what you're going to want to do is go to transform, resize, and you're going to crop in because we really only need like this much of that screen recording. Check. And then you're going to turn this into an overlay. Overlay. Drag it onto your other clip. Drag, drop, align it to where you want it to appear. And then just like with the Spotify screen recording, we're going to choose splice. If you did your screen recording of your notes app and you're in dark mode, you're going to choose filter. If you screen recorded in light mode like myself, you're going to choose darken. This is going to give it a nice opacity. Now, let's actually line up the keyboard with my hands a little bit better now that I could kind of see. There we go. But, the issue here is obviously the keyboard is in front of my hands. We don't want that. We want my hands in front of the keyboard. So, take us back to like hack number three where we removed the background of our main subject. We're going to take our main clip, the hands clip, we are going to duplicate it, duplicate, we are going to remove background. Check. We're going to turn it into our overlay. Overlay. Drag it on top of everything so that they're in alignment with each other. And now, we have our hands in front of the keyboard. Perfect. That looks so good. And that's the typing hack. If you'd be interested in a desktop version of this video where we talk about hacks that you could apply on CapCut with your desktop, let me know down in the comments below. And watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [180 likes]: Thank you for watching today's video! Here's where you can get 7 days of Capcut Pro for free: https://www.capcut.com/activities/subscribe/?irclickid=Th82BqW9rxyPUYo16aTnv23QUks1HPypr1g61g0&sharedid=&irpid=2463088&irgwc=1
  2. @flowerroju5 [1 likes]: nice
  3. @Fourpaws-m6w: I have a video of me punching the guy who owes me 900.00.... I posted it and the end has the capcut outro.... 😂
  4. @DazedandDelulu: I LOVE your content Millie, this was so helpful and reignited my love for editing which had previously hit a wall as learning it is just SO exhausting!! but you make it so easily digestible, engaging and easy to apply! thank you xx
  5. @tadzy9287: You are amazing thank you beautiful ❤
  6. @FrenoDockins: The content is top notch I really appreciate the effort.
  7. @FosbergTreves: This channel is underrated It made my day better.
  8. @tuma0893: Thanks for sharing
  9. @Kindris.shorts: great!
  10. @adainreallife: This is such an amazing video. Thank you!!! Just made it 60k likes.
  11. @adainreallife: I try not to put so much editing into my videos because I have just 20 subs and very few views.
  12. @fginspire: i must say you are so amazing with your tricks. thank you very much
  13. @Queen.cari_: I started my channel a while ago and stopped for a while due to a tragic death in my family. But im back and videos like this are so helpful. Im writing this comment to remind myself to keep pushing even when it feels hard or heavy because I know my videos help make a difference ❤❤❤
  14. @inspired11: desktop
  15. @yvonneewoigbokhan: Is there a version for CapCut desktop
  16. @AdvancedDispatchDynamics: Thank you this info is gold
  17. @MyFriendDaysi: Love your tutorials, understand perfectly.
  18. @Austin36197: All new and small channels gather here.. It will be really helpful for all of us :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  19. @Sachzindagik: So well explained 👏👏👌
  20. @ItsAshieBooYt: Yk u can use chroma key it's the easiest way I use and I remove the bg in one sec

- 21 BEST CapCut Tricks to Take you from a Noob to PRO! 🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Just get these editing tricks right and you'll be better than 90% of Cap Cut editors. [music] They're important, impactful, and will fasttrack your way to being a better Caput editor. I've edited thousands of videos inside of Caput and generated hundreds of millions of views. [music] These are the tricks I wish I knew sooner. Also, if you're the 1% that is super serious about being the best possible Caput editor, I crafted Caput Lab for you. It's the fastest and best way to become a professional caput editor. There's no obligation, but check it out if you're keen. It's a link in the description. This first trick is used all over reals and Tik Toks, and I've used it in some viral videos. It's darkening your background while keeping your subject light. This obviously helps to place things like graphics and text [music] behind your subject. Let me show you how to do it. With your video on your timeline, go to media and then swipe down to library. Then under trending, you'll find this black background with no time in the top right. This means that it's a still. Go ahead and drag that onto your timeline and place it above your video. We're then going to stay selected on that black background and increase the size until it fills your frame. Then select your video layer, hold down alt, and drag it above that black background. Then selected on your top video layer, you're going to go to video, remove background, and select auto removal. This is going to isolate your subject onto that top video layer. Then go to your black background, go to video mask, say add mask, and let's click on the split option. We're then going to drag this feather option all the way up to full. That is 100 points of feathering. What we're then going to do is go to the beginning of our timeline and select mask settings and then click on this little square option which says add key frame. We can then slide forward on our timeline just by a few seconds. Add another mask setting key frame and then use this last key frame option, click on it, and then drag our line all the way to the top. What you'll see now is between those key frames, we've created this gradient darken effect where we can place whatever text, graphics, or just separate our subject from the background. You can auto cut portions of silence or pauses directly from your video in a matter of seconds. With your video on your timeline, you're going to rightclick on that video and select transcript. Caput is then automatically going to analyze your video for areas of pauses, repeats, and filler words. Once it's done, go ahead and select delete. You can then see that we've gone from one solid video with pauses to a bunch of smaller clips where those pauses are now removed. When you're making a talking head video like I'm doing right now with lots of talking and pauses and retakes, it just saves a ton of time. Our next technique is how we hide cut points to create a seamlessly smooth edit. It's called a jump cut. And there's a particular trick that professional editors use. Now that we've removed our pauses, if I play our timeline, you'll see that between these two clips, there's a jump point. Now, you may like how that looks, but I like again to create a seamless edit. What you're going to do is stay selected on your second clip, go to video scale, and increase the size slightly. But what you'll see is we have a problem when playing between these two clips. In our first clip, our ey line is down here. And in our second clip, our ey line has been raised. That means every time your clip's cut and we create that jump cut, your viewer's eyes are going to be up and down, which isn't a great way to cut. So, there's a way that we're going to mitigate this. Selected on these three lines, you're going to go to guides and rulers, and then create a horizontal guide. Then, go to your first clip and drag this blue line directly over your eyes. We can also zoom into our player window to get a clear view of this. Then on your second clip, the one that you've zoomed in on, you can see that our eye point is all the way up here. So I'm just going to select on that video and drag my video down until our eye point is directly on that line. One more time. Let's reset the size in our player window. And when we play that now, our clip zooms in and our ey line stays exactly the same, leading to a smooth jump cut. When you're done with your guide, go back to those lines, say guides and rulers, and then select clear guides, and that will remove that blue line. So, on the topic of the best possible tools for you to use while editing, there is a tool that I have been absolutely loving lately, and it's called Pod [music] Castle. So, you know how creating short form videos can take so long. You've edited your whole main video, and now you want to transform it into some incredible shorts. Well, Pod Castle has a feature called [music] AI clips, and it's ridiculously good. You just upload your video and it automatically [music] finds the most engaging moments and turns it into clean vertical social ready clips for you to use. Captions, pacing, [music] all done. I've been using it to build out my Tik Toks and my Instagram reels without having to sit through and edit [music] hours of footage. And the other feature I've been loving is AI subtitles. Podcast generates [music] super accurate captions instantly. And the styling options are actually [music] good. You can customize the look, tweak the timing, and clean everything up in a really visual, creator friendly way. It just takes [music] that extra polishing step off your plate. These are only a few of the incredible features in [music] Pod Castle. If you want to try it out, I'll leave a link below. Go check out Pod Castle and level up your content workflow. Honestly, you may find that once you start editing with it, you won't [music] ever want to edit without it. Back to the Cap Cut video for some more incredible tricks. Another way to create a smooth edit is by using something called smooth zooms. And this is one of the most popular effects used in almost every YouTube video. It's a great effect for editing and to create a point of focus where you're making an important point. Find the clip that you want to zoom in on and select it. Then go over to your video basic tab and select transform and add key frame. Then swipe ahead on your timeline and create another key frame. Staying over the second key frame, we're going to go ahead and drag our scale tab slightly up to 118%. Now, when we scrub between those two key frames, you'll see that we've created this zoom, but this is just a linear zoom, and it's not that professional. So, what we're going to do is right click on our clip and say show variable speed animation. Then, you'll see that on our scale tab, we have this straight line indicating that there's a change in our scale. Go ahead and click on that line to highlight it yellow. go to this little graphs icon and then click on cubic ease. You'll see that our straight line is no longer straight but curved. Now when we play that scene, we've created a beautiful smooth zoom in. And this leads us on to our next technique, which is the fact that Capka gives you the option to speed up or slow down your zooms or your key frames. Let's say I felt like my zoom was a little bit too slow. I could go back to that base video layer and simply drag this key frame closer to the first one. Remember that the closer your key frames are together, the faster that animation is going to happen. And the further apart they are, the slower that animation is going to happen. You can see that there is a problem though. Our cubic ease kind of looks a little bit wonky. So, we can reselect that line, go back to your graphs icon, and then reselect cubic ease. That's going to reset that cubic ease graph so that when we play that, our zoom happens a whole lot faster. You can get super creative with voice effects directly inside of Cap Cut. And there's a couple of unique and creative use cases for this. Select on the video or audio layer that you want to change. Then go to the audio tab and select on voice changer. We could use something like post blast to create a hospital scene. Or maybe you want to sound like you're in an empty hallway while you're doing your recording to exaggerate a certain point. For this, you can either select the echo effect or select something like church. I like using an effect like echo because we can increase or decrease our quantity and strength for a more exaggerated or reduced effect. Or maybe you want to turn your voice into something super cinematic. For this, you're going to go to voice characters, swipe down, and select commentary male. This now turns your voice over >> into something out of a movie. >> And a bonus is you don't just have to use these voice effects on an actual voice. You can add a sound effect into Cap Cut and use the voice effects on that sound effect to create a super cinematic sound. Did you know that you can find anyone inside of your media browser? If you have multiple people in the footage that you've shot, all you need to do is have them inside your media bin, then select on the search tab, and Cap Cut will automatically analyze all the people within your video clips, and you can then find them. If I then click on myself, I'll find all the video clips and photos with me in them and the exact time in those videos that I feature. This makes it so easy to find specific people in their specific moments if you have a lot of clips and b-roll in your media browser. Did you know that in Caput you can add a shadow to anything you want? Let me show you how to use this. Here we have a Cap Cut logo on a white background. The problem is we can't actually see the Cap Cut logo because our background is white. So, what we're going to do is duplicate our Cap Cut logo. We're then going to select on that bottom layer. We're going to go to adjust. We're going to go to curves. And on our first luma curve, we're going to drag this line all the way down. What we've essentially done there is we've created a black version of that cap cut logo. Then, on that cap cut layer, right click, and select create compound clip. We're then going to go to our effects panel and search for an effect called blur. You can then select the first option and drag that directly onto that compound clip. You've now created your shadow. If you want to increase the size of that shadow, select on that compound clip, go to video basic and turn up your scale. You'll see that the more that we increase the scale, the bigger that shadow becomes. You can also reposition that shadow simply by holding on that layer and dragging it to the position that you want. When you have voice in your timeline, you can go to text [music] auto captions and create auto captions. Caput will automatically identify your voice and add captions for every specific word. As soon as our automatic captions are placed, you can select on one, go to animation, and whereas a normal default text layer would only have in, out, and loop animations, we now have this new tab of captions animations. Also, I've created a personal set of favorites, and you can just take a few seconds to look at that and pause the video if you need, but these are ones that I really like how those captions animate. Sometimes in Caput I edit a number of different videos within that specific timeline because I'm using the same elements, captions, or we've shot it in the same place, but I don't just want to export my whole timeline at one point and [music] then have to cut those videos up individually. So, what you can use are your in and out points. [music] Within this one point of the timeline, we have numerous different videos all separated by this [music] yellow background. I just want to export this video right here. So, I'm going to go to the first frame of that video by moving my playhead there, and I'm going to select I on my keyboard. This creates a portion of gray on the left, saying that nothing before this is going to be exported. Then I can go to the last frame that I want to export, and I can select O. This is going to create a portion to the right of that. That also isn't going to be exported. Now, when we click export, Cap Cut will only export this portion that we've highlighted. If you want to double check, go to export and you'll see that the duration is 38 seconds. Not the whole timeline, but it's just exporting these 38 seconds that we've selected with our I and our O points. If you've ever slowed down the speed of a clip and then your clip looks super choppy and unprofessional, this one is for you. You can create super slow motion in Cap Cut. And you don't even have to film in slow motion. Here we have a video of someone doing some fire dancing. And all we have to do is select on that video, go to speed, and start to turn down our speed. By selecting 0.5, we've essentially slowed down that clip by two times. And when we play that, you can see how choppy and just unprofessional this looks. All we then have to do is go to smooth slow motion, select that, and where it says frame blending, you're going to turn that to optical flow. Now, whereas this takes a little bit more time to apply, you're going to get a much better slow motion effect. Let's wait for this to apply and I'll show you the effect. Now, when I play my timeline, we've slowed that clip down by 50%, but we have this smooth, clear, slow motion. Motion blur helps to create realism because everything in life that moves has some sort of motion blur attached to it. So, not having it kind of feels amateur. And then once we added our animations and movement feels super professional. All you have to do is go to the file that you have motion on, right click, [music] and say create compound clip. Then still selected on that compound clip, you're going to go to video, swipe down until you find motion blur. Selecting motion blur, it gives you an option for blur intensity and blend. I find that leaving my motion blur at 100 creates a really nice effect. This is what the before looks like without the motion blur applied. And once we have the motion blur applied, this is what that animation looks like. So apply your motion blur wherever there's movement or animations in your video. In Cap [music] Cut, you automatically get access to thousands of professional sound effects simply by going to audio and then [music] selecting on the sound effects panel. We can search for any sound effect we wish. Add wishes and swishes to any movement and transitions. Add risers to create anticipation in your video and something called a hit when you make an important or lasting point. When you have a song on your timeline, you can stay selected over this little icon here and select either beats one or beats two. What Cap Cut is going to do is automatically identify the prominent beat points in that song and add little markers. If I zoom in here, you can see that at the start of each beat, we have that little marker. This makes it almost too easy to line up your clips and time your clips to cut and start exactly on the beat of your song. If you use a lot of reference media from YouTube, movies, or series like me in your edits, this trick is going to help save a ton of time. On our timeline, we have an intro from Mr. Beast. What I can do with my video on my timeline is right click on that video and say split scenes. Cupcot is going to automatically identify every single individual shot in that scene and create a cut point on those shots. We can then stay selected on the shot we want and simply lift that out of the scene and place that specific shot into our video. If you want a drag and drop way to increase the perceived quality of your videos, there's a filter that I use all the [music] time. Select it on my filter tab. I can go to the life option and then find one called clear. I'll then drag that onto my timeline and extend that over the entire timeline. If you want to see the before, that's the before and things are looking a little bit dull. And when I add that, the perceived overall quality of my video increases. So, use the clear filter to add some quality to your videos. Right next to filter, you'll find a tab called adjustment where we can hover over custom adjustment and click that little plus icon. This is going to add a yellow adjustment layer onto our timeline. Let's go ahead and extend that over all of the clips of us talking. What's cool about an adjustment clip [music] is when you click it, you get access to all the color features that Caput has. This means that you can make color adjustments to that adjustment clip and all the video clips that you have underneath that adjustment clip will automatically be affected. So to clearly demonstrate this, let's select on the adjustment clip and remove all the saturation from our video. Now when I swipe through my timeline, you'll see that all those clips, even though they're individual clips, none of them have any color in them. And this is really great for if you have a ton of different videos on your timeline. Make those tweaks to the adjustment layer and all of your clips will be impacted. And this brings us to one of our last tricks, but arguably one of the coolest. So, when you're selected on your adjustment layer, you'll see a tab called HSL. This stands for hue, saturation, and brightness. [music] What this does is it allows us to individually manipulate certain colors within our video. This is great for if you want to remove all the colors out of your video and maybe leave one prominent color that remains. Or in my case, for a talking head video, you'll see that we have some orange lights in our scene. But I don't think that this orange is exaggerated enough. So I could select on that orange tab and increase the saturation of that orange. You'll see that this is the before and this is the after where we've now created a much more dramatic effect. Let's say we wanted to turn up the brightness of that orange or decrease the brightness. We could do so as well by moving the brightness slider. And then one of the coolest features is you can actually change the color of that. So by moving the hue slider over to the right, our orange is now yellow. And by moving it over to the left, we've created a much different hue. Again, before and after, because we're selected on that orange circle, it is only going to impact that orange color. So, be creative and use the HSL tab to create some really cool creative effects. When you have a vertical video on your timeline, maybe for a real or a Tik Tok, it's not great to edit it in the standard player window. This is when you can make use of the vertical editor. Simply by clicking on this option right here and selecting vertical, your player window will move all the way over to the right where you get a much bigger preview window in order to edit your Tik Tok or real. In Caput, you can make an instant freeze frame just like this. And it's super easy how to do this. Select on the video and find the point that you want to add that freeze frame. Then all you have to do is hover over this icon right here and select on the freeze option. If we zoom in here, you'll see that we've created this 3second point of freezing. And then sometimes I like to drag a pause icon so that as we transition from our video, we have this pause icon and then we get back into the video once that pause icon disappears. And for our last trick, did you know that you can save videos for future timelines with a click of a few buttons? I created these logo animations for a different YouTube video that I was doing. If I wanted to save these for a future project, I could rightclick on that video and say save preset. Then if I go to media, go to yours and go to my presets, I can find that exact video that I made. The best part about this is let's say I open up a different project. I can find that preset that we saved. I can import it onto the timeline and there we have that logo animation. So maybe you have a logo animation that you've designed in Caput, save it as a preset, and you'll instantly get access to use it in every single project that you create. It's been a great time teaching you today. If you're serious once again about Capka, check out Caput Lab. Maybe you'll find something that you like. I don't doubt that it's going to be super beneficial as everybody that has taken the course has given great feedback that they've learned a ton.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MattLoui [28 likes]: Become a master CapCut editor: https://mattloui.teachable.com/p/capcut-lab
  2. @EduardoEatz: u just got a sub
  3. @clintsentertainment: I only have a phone i cant do all of this
  4. @ricardoducnan131: Matt, thank you so much. I want to join your community; however, I don't see where I can pay for a yearly subscription. I don't like to pay monthly. Can you assist?
  5. @halalguychannel: There are some settings you’re doing on your system that doesn’t available on mobile devices 😢
  6. @CrazyCloseCallYT: Thanks man great video
  7. @javiddiva4696: It’s getting crazy 🔥
  8. @cheongjenson: didnt expect the video to have these many applicable tricks! appreciate it Matt!
  9. @snoozedeep: Nothing compares to today's lesson. I sincerely thank you very much. I am preparing to create a YouTube channel that will provide value to viewers, focusing on sleep-inducing and relaxing music. Thank you and have a wonderful day!
  10. @IaraC369: Ahhh adoraria fazer seu curso, mas em dólar agora não dá. Enquanto isso vou vendo no youtube (que inclusive tem a dublagem automática ahhaah). Muito obrigada!
  11. @suhanii.08: Im not able to find capcut on playstpre there something easycut if anyone knows plzz reply
  12. @luotianwei: tyvm!
  13. @purchasewiselynewtech: thanks this will help !
  14. @HardDeckTV: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more!
  15. @SpecialEdition-r3e: 💪🏼
  16. @ytpremiumnyafff: wowwww
  17. @TheApexWildOfficial: FIREE!!
  18. @RhianBoss: One if not the Best tutorial Of CapCut
  19. @infinityshields: Let me save y’all’s time. Half the features showcased in this video are using CapCut pro which is the premium paid for version
  20. @the99gamerofficial: these r w

- YouTube Monetization Explained - How To Make Money From YouTube in 2025!: Kind: captions Language: en this is everything you need to know about YouTube monetization I'm going to cover the different ways that you can make money on YouTube itself once you meet the YouTube Partner program requirements now obviously there's other ways you can make money off the back of your YouTube channel as well and I've got links in the description if you want to dive further into that after this video so in this video we're looking at how YouTube itself pays you so in order to get paid by YouTube you do need to be in the YouTube Partner program and there's actually now two tiers of the program there is a a lower tier and a higher tier so to be eligible for the lower tier you do need to have 500 subscribers you need to have three public video uploads in the last 90 days and you also need to have either 3,000 public watch hours in the past 12 months or 3 million public shorts views in the last 90 days you also need to be in a country or region that supports the YouTube Partner program so once you've reached this level and you've applied to be in the program you've been accepted this is going to unlock supers for you so super chat super stickers and super thanks and this is really at the core of YouTube fan funding so your fans your followers your viewers have the ability to either donate to you via chat so super chat so while your live viewers of that live stream can send you a promoted or boosted chat message which also includes a tip or a donation for you as well with an amount that they specify on their end very similar to this is super stickers again again while you're live so you need to be doing a live stream that your viewers can send you a sticker which also has a monetary value associated with it again think a tip or donation from your viewers but it also unlocks super thanks which essentially gives you the ability to have that same capability but not while you're live so you can actually have a thanks button that will appear under your regular YouTube videos that at any time when someone's consuming your content they can click on that they can send you a message as you would a YouTube comment and they can specify how much money they want to donate or send you at that point and all of these super chats super stickers and super thanks they're all designed to stand out on your content as well so it highlights the viewer their message or their sticker so that they stand out there as well this lower tier of the YouTube Partner program also unlocks YouTube channel memberships think of this like your own patreon or buy me a coffee but built directly into YouTube so the way this works is you as the channel owner can enable Channel memberships and then you can create different tiers or monetary amounts that people will pay you on a recurring basis to be a channel member and each one of these tiers that you create could be different amounts but also offer different perks as YouTube calls them so a perk could be something like access to exclusive live streams access to exclusive Community posts exclusive content there's also ways to integrate this with external platforms as as well for even sharing course content or deeper dive stuff but this can be a great recurring Revenue model for you where it makes it easy for your viewers to support you if they like what you're doing and obviously to get access to some of these perks that you offer too that's probably worth noting that while you get access to all of these things at these different levels you definitely don't need to have them all set up and running you get to choose and that's what I love about this is that you can build the business or the revenue streams that you want off this so if YouTube channel memberships sounds like a nightmare for you to run and to set up all the perks or whatever then you don't need to do it but there's an opportunity there for you now in terms of the fan funding options that we've covered so far with Channel memberships and the supers you as the channel owner get to keep 70% of that Revenue after YouTube takes a 30% cut and the last thing that you unlock on this lower tier YouTube Partner program is YouTube shopping again only if this is actually functional and accessible in your country or region but this is where you'll have the ability to promote and sell your own products or merchandise directly on YouTube and when you set this up you can actually have your own products and things showing up beneath your videos but also while you're live too now to set this up this is where you will need to be using an approved platform something like Shopify there's other options as well and obviously have your products and everything set up for sale on that and it's going to create a link between the two for you so that's what's available right now in the lower tier of the YouTube Partner program but if you're in that program and you're progressing through your channel still growing then once you reach the requirements to enable the full tier you don't need to reapply because you're already in just those extra features are going to unlock so to be eligible to join the full YouTube Partner program the top tier this is where you will need to have 1,000 subscribers on your channel you'll need to have 4,000 hours of public watch time in the past 12 months or you'll need to have 10 million valid public short views in the past 90 days now your channel will also need to be in good standing with YouTube as well meaning that you're compliant with YouTube's monetization policies no Community guidelines strikes that you have an AdSense account set up as well but once you're in there and once you're accepted this is when you can turn on YouTube ad revenue and this is the most popular way that people make money from YouTube It's the biggest way that we make money from YouTube paying us themselves so in this higher tier obviously you get access to all of the supers the shopping and the memberships from the lower tier as well and you get to enable YouTube ads but this is also where you get extra revenue from things like YouTube premium so for anyone that is consuming your content that does have a YouTube premium account where they're not seeing ads then this is where your content can earn a portion of that subscription fee based on watch time and this is automatically set up and managed by YouTube themselves and you'll be able to view your earnings from ad revenue and from YouTube premium Revenue in your YouTube analytics now in terms of a revenue split or cut from the ad side of YouTube this is where it's around 55% that the creators get to have whereas the rest the 45 goes to YouTube obviously that's after fees and everything as well YouTube are also currently testing and slowly rolling out YouTube shopping Affiliates for people in the higher partner program as well so with this you don't need to have your own products that you can use with YouTube shopping your own merchandise or whatever this gives the ability to promote and to help sell other products and things that you don't own that you don't need to have in a warehouse and ship out or any of that stuff you can be an affiliate for these products so if you're mentioning them in your video then they can show up below it where people can buy that product from Amazon or wherever it is and you can earn an affiliate commission from that too I think this is absolutely awesome and I can't wait to get access we don't have access yet I think right now this is only in the US but I really love the opportunity here for this and with YouTube shopping in general and it sounds like from what I've heard they've got a big push for this coming on the TV side of things too fingers crossed so those are the ways right now that you can make money from YouTube itself but there's other ways that you can make money from your YouTube channel and I've got some videos linked on screen to help you even further with that including affiliate Revenue which is my favorite as always check out the links in the description below for more links more resources to help you even further and I will see you in the next video cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChuckyXfreestyle [1 likes]: What if you're 16-17 and Don't have a government ID?
  2. @mishikarana-g3b [1 likes]: Thanks
  3. @geraldlermont6656: How long does it take to be accepted or rejected into the YouTube Partner Program?
  4. @marywilliams1842: Today, is the day... I'm going to work on my channel today
  5. @yadibjm4742: Thanks for information 👍
  6. @Pass-Timekiller: Im shooting for the higher tier with ad revenue. I dont want my fans to feel pressured to pay for my content. I just want to play some games and enjoy the ride
  7. @juanmanuelvelazquezavila8696: ¡Gracias!
  8. @heretojustvibe: Just got monetised yesterday!!!! 

All the best to all fellow youtubers 🫶🏻
  9. @dalisocobra23.: “Most small channels don’t fail because of effort—they fail because their videos aren’t positioned for a specific viewer. Growth really starts when your content solves one clear problem.”
  10. @VokeClipzYT: why cant i get my valid views to go up? i have 4 thousand views in the past like 4 days and only 6 valid views?
  11. @rossiepraise-rn2si: New beginners let's keep building
  12. @cabilbrey97: Supporting new channel.  ❤
  13. @jonaskanor: Wow that's is my favorite time
  14. @K_Dubln: Super clear breakdown of the two-tier partner program, The explanation of how YouTube shopping and premium revenue works was especially helpful for planning out my channel strategy. Thanks for the update🚀✨
  15. @AllbyOlyArt: Very helpful, thank you
  16. @Luxuryescapism: I have just started posting this week, thank you for this video it was very informative. I’m hoping I can hit 100 subscribers in a months time. 🤞
  17. @yerielbauzaaaa: im a small artist trying my best to make good music In music
  18. @RunwayOceanTV: nice video
  19. @l.tjustonsenack: in my eyes if yr makeing money off utube u r all sell out u sold yr soel for money utube no longer is fun u if u  make money u forget y u started utube in the first place its simple money changes people and the way in witch they look at  life sure yr financial 
problem gets better but a soon u'll be spending yr hard earand money on pointless stuff that has no meaning
  20. @TaiChiandRelax: I started in September of '25 as a way to reach more Tai Chi students. My channel isn't flashy. I just provide clear, digestable instruction. At 187 subscribers I'm told I'm doing well for startong so recently. I don't know if I'll ever get monetized but that's 187 students I wouldn't have otherwise. I'll call that a win.

- How to Get Monetized on YouTube in 2026!: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people think that getting monetized on YouTube takes years, but we've actually seen channels do it in as little as 30 days, and the difference is not luck, it's actually strategy. So, in this video, I'm breaking down exactly how to get monetized step-by-step in 2026. So, let's start with the basic requirements for enrolling in the YouTube Partner Program. Well, there's really two routes you can go with this. Route one is getting 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 public watch hours on your content in the last 12 months. this is the route that we recommend beginners strive for achieving because it's a lot more attainable than route two, which is getting 10 million shorts views in the last 90 days. That's usually a little bit too high of a barrier for most channels, so we recommend focusing on getting your first 1,000 subs and 4,000 public watch hours. Now, right away, a lot of mistakes we see beginners making at the beginning is they start posting random content, and their content doesn't feel cohesive, and they have no real strategy or direction for their channel. Also, we see creators try to chase a bunch of trends and try viral reaction formats that don't actually end up landing with anybody because competition is so high for those kinds of viral videos, or creators go all in on short strategy and have a hard time breaking through the algorithm, and their shorts will just kind of peter off after 24 hours and only do a couple hundred views. Now, if you want a super difficult path for getting monetized years down the road, then you could have tried that strategy out and see how it works. Instead, I actually recommend following these four simple steps that I'll outline in this video to set you up for success monetized as quickly as possible. So, step one to getting monetized quicker is to start producing intent-based videos, and sometimes we call these high-intent videos or search-based content. And really, these are just producing pieces of content that people are already searching for and have verifiable demand for. So, for us at Think Media, it could be a video like best cameras for YouTube, or if you're in a real estate niche, it could be how to buy your first home as a first-time home buyer or if you like give tours of Las Vegas. It could be best restaurants in the Las Vegas area. All of these kinds of videos have what we call high search intent where a viewer is coming to the platform to solve a specific question in their life and you can meet them with a specific answer to their specific question. One of the tactics we teach inside of our online course called Video Ranking Academy is the tactic called ASQ or answering specific questions and that's exactly what the strategy is that we're talking about. similar strategy to the ASQ method is what we call RSP which is reviewing specific products. So no matter what kind of niche your channel is in, you probably have specific products that you use on a daily basis or even software that you might use that you'd be able to do reviews on to meet buyers or viewers who have a high intent to learn more about that product. You can meet them with specific answers to the questions they might have. And really this kind of strategy, trying to reach people who are searching for content is the best way to start getting your first views, first subscribers, and building real momentum. And we actually literally believe in this method so much that we have an online course called Video Ranking Academy where we teach you how to rank videos in search results on YouTube and we have thousands of students who are adopting these same principles every single week. So if you want to get monetized quicker, start producing content that has really high search traffic with high viewer intent. Now the second thing I would do is add a layer of broad appeal videos into my content strategy. So after I already have ranked some videos and are ranking in search results, I do want to add some content that can reach a wider audience. So an example for us would be how to start a YouTube channel in 2026 because this literally applies to any single person on the YouTube platform who is wanting to create a channel, not just people interested in YouTube strategy or growth, but literally anyone at all. If you want a YouTube channel, you could watch this video. Another great example is from Dr. Mike. He makes a ton of great videos, but this one right here is specifically targeting broad appeal. This is doctor reacts to Family Guy medical scenes. So, you don't even know who this doctor is or what he's doing, but if you have any interest in Family Guy or just comedy television shows, then you would have a wide interest for this kind of content and you're kind of curious like what is actually the medical advice that Family Guy is giving and you could watch Doctor Mike's video to get that kind of reaction style format. So, when you make these sorts of broad appeal videos, you're really trying to increase your impressions by reaching more and more people. So, when you increase your impressions, you'll end up getting more clicks on your video and more clicks equal more views and we really need to increase our views and our watch time if we want to hit that thousand subscriber mark and 4,000 watch hours. And if you're not sure how to come up with these viral video ideas, a tool that I use all of the time and really wish I started using a lot sooner in my YouTube career is vidIQ. vidIQ is a software that you can actually add to your YouTube studio if you want to manage your channel a little bit better and have better analytics and insights, but it's also a great research tool for finding great video ideas. My favorite tool from vidIQ is their outlier tool and an outlier is essentially a video that performs significantly better than a channel's average performance. And by studying those patterns, you can actually completely revolutionize the kinds of videos that you're targeting and creating by studying what is actually working on the platform. So, we can see I just searched right here for best camera for YouTube and I can see all of these different videos that have outlier like this one right here is a 61x outlier on this person's channel or this one right here by PSS Creative Mind with 100,000 subscribers, this video is doing a 7.3x outlier. That means it's performing seven times better than this person typically would perform on any given video. You can use an outlier tool to verify interest before you just come up with with idea and think, "Hey, I think this is a really viral idea that's going to get a ton of views." You can verify ideas by looking for outliers that actually are getting real-time views. This is truly a tool I wish I would have started using from day one, and if you want to try out vidIQ for as little as $1, I'll link it down in the description below. So, step number three is you need to optimize your content for longer watch time. So, to get monetized, you don't just need views, you also need really long watch time. You've got to reach that 4,000 hours of watch time. So, producing longer videos will help you hit that watch time goal a lot quicker. So, I like to tell creators to target creating videos that are a minimum of 8 minutes in length, upwards of like 15 minutes, or even like 30-plus minutes if you think you can swing it. And why we say 8 minutes minimum is because YouTube really loves videos that are over 8 minutes in length because you can actually run multiple ad spots on videos that are longer than 8 minutes. This is especially important if you unlock monetization later and you have YouTube can then run mid-roll ads in the video, which is how YouTube makes money. They love serving ads on content, and the longer the content is, the more ads they can run. I know us as viewers and creators, it's kind of annoying to deal with ads, but that's just the reality of the YouTube platform and how YouTube makes money. And if you want to start making money from the YouTube Partner Program, you make money from ads being served on your videos. When your videos are only a couple minutes in length, it's going to take you much longer to get monetized, to rack up those watch time hours. So, just ask yourself, "How could I go deeper on this topic and explain it more thoroughly without though leading to a drop in retention?" You don't want to add just a bunch of meaningless filler. You do want to prioritize having a lot of value in your content, but if you can get it to that 8-to-15-minute target length, that's really going to speed up your path towards monetization. Now, step four is easy. It's just to double down on what's working as you're running these experiments. And we often say here at Think Media, success leaves clues, make part twos. If you have content that's performed really well and has been successful for you, you're going to start to notice those trends as you post more and more videos. Then you can always make a part two to a video that performed well, make a spin-off, or even a series of videos that relate to each other. It's way better than just a one-off piece of content. What's better than one video? A full series of five videos that relate to each other and somebody could binge in a longer viewing session. Those kinds of ideas are great for views and watch time. So, if you're somebody who really wants to grow on YouTube and leverage monetization, you're going to have to get good about learning how viewers are interacting with your content. What are your click-through rates? How many people are clicking on your video and at what percentage? Also looking at your retention graphs, where are viewers dropping off? Are your hooks, like your first 30 seconds of your video, is that retaining viewers or are people leaving early? These are all things you'll eventually want to study and understand so you can learn how to double down on what is actually working in your videos. So, those are really the four main steps that I would apply to my channel if I was trying to get monetized as quickly as possible. But, what about like timeline for this? How long is all of this going to take to reach monetization? Well, a fast timeline for a creator would be anything around 30 to 90 days. So, one to three months to reach monetization is actually super fast. But, a more normal rate would be about six to 12 months. And this is for creators who are really consistent with their uploads. You're uploading one piece of content per week. And then a slower pace would be anything between like one and two years. And if this is taking you multiple years to get monetized on YouTube, I think your strategy really needs some adjustments. And something you can do is actually visit this link right here, mycreatorquiz.com, where you can take a free two-minute assessment about what kind of creator you are, what stage of your YouTube journey you're in, and get some practical next steps from our team of how to approach your YouTube journey. So, I'll link mycreatorquiz down in the description below, which could really help you out. A key encouragement though to you creators out there who are struggling to reach monetization is that you truly are only one video away from reaching monetization. I made one random reaction video to an NF music video that actually took off, got tens of thousands of views, and that one video got me all of the watch time and subscribers needed to monetize my channel in about 48 hours. So, it's really just about consistency and waiting for that one video that really resonates with a lot of people so you can reach monetization. So, if I started today, like what is my 6-month plan? The first thing I'm doing on day one is I'm locking in my niche. I'm getting laser focused and sharp about who I am speaking to, what is my channel topic, and what kinds of videos am I going to make. Then, I'm making four videos per month, and I would target three of those being search-based or viewer intent type videos where I'm answering specific questions or reviewing specific products, and then one of those would be a more experimental broad appeal video trying to reach a wider population of listeners. After those four uploads, I would review the month's worth of content and start measuring analytics and seeing what's actually working, and then I would double down on what works, and then I would do this for 6 months straight. And at the end of 6 months, you have about 30 long-form videos that are all working for you, and I bet if you do this, you'll be so close to monetization, if not already there. And if you're serious about growing on YouTube this year and making money online, you've got to check out our free 2-minute assessment at mycreatorquiz.com. I'll link it right here in this end card, as well as another strategy video that you can check out right here on screen. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [4 likes]: What is you biggest take away from the strategy shared? Let us know below! ⬇
📝 Take the Free YouTube Growth Assessment here ➡ https://mycreatorquiz.com/
🔥 Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @SimonianvideoProductions [4 likes]: I’ve been a content creator for 4 years on YouTube And Haven’t Even Broken 2000 Watch Hours And I’ve Showed Up Every Day For 3 Years. I don’t Know for The Life Of Me How People Are Getting Monetized In 30 Days Or Even A Year. I Don’t Know How Long I Can Keep Up, I Like Making Videos But I HATE YouTubes Virtually Impossible Monetization Requirements. Good Luck To Everyone Out There But I’m Getting Close To Quitting Outright. All The Best Friends!
  3. @ConnectedHorizonsmedia [1 likes]: 1 month in and just shy of 100 subs! It seems to be a long road but im sticking at it! Celebrate the small wins🎉
  4. @MrWickCity [1 likes]: Why isn't my YouTube channel eligible yet to qualify for monetization? I have 1022 subscribers and over 4000 watch time hours.
  5. @MatchdayVaultFootballShirts [1 likes]: Good luck to everyone out there. We will all get monetised 💪
  6. @Sorpion743 [1 likes]: Just started my channel I love doing videos, smaller channels let’s get it
  7. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: if you have VidIQ installed you see how many subs each person who commented has. its pretty cool and CONGRATS! Some of you  are killing it.
  8. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: Promotion on youtube can gain you subs fast to get monetized.. ive heard. but i dont recommend. i wont try. i think growing organically will turn into long term success
  9. @SimplySaidExplained [1 likes]: The “double down” point is huge.
I’ve noticed even within the same niche, tiny changes in how a question is framed can completely change retention.
Same idea… different reaction. That seems to be the real game.
  10. @yadibjm4742 [1 likes]: Thank very much
  11. @mandeelaaBlack: Solution give build your channel
  12. @locomantv: I had 1000 subscribers, but the apply button is not even visible for me yet it’s not showing the update of my views and I definitely completed everything.
  13. @ronronbobon: Very helpful. I will keep plugging away. Good luck to us all👍❤️
  14. @zazibee_kids: Verry helpful, hope to start my journey soon!
  15. @spozamlaky: Yes!
Get monetized sux!
Im trying to get monetized since December 2025…
Always getting refused for YT incompetence!
There is no real person Tech Support, only AI!
I tried on X and as soon as they replied to my DM, and asked me for mor info which i immediately proceeded, they went silent !
YouTube turned to be a big mess full of AI garbage!

Sorry, but that’s my real story….🤷‍♂️🫡
  16. @MoneyMindsetDailyPh: Just started yesterday. We post tips, advices, and quotes mentioned by successful people from a collection of interviews. Hoping our channel gets monetized soon👌
  17. @RobFlaskaBlueprint: I just wanted to personally thank the Think Media team. I posted my first video after recording maybe 15 different versions over the last 10 years.  I finally hit publish and put myself out there and I couldn't be more thrilled. The Sean Cannell saying of "Just start, punch fear in the face is streaming through my veins and I am excited to start the journey once again. Thanks again and hope to meet you all one day! <3 Rob
  18. @FaizanCreation: If this video gets views then my video will also get views..
Only YouTuber can understand this..
  19. @DreadfulDonkey2: I never wanted to be monetized. I just wanted to make fucked up videos. Eventually YouTube got tired of it and removed my channel., I was growing 1000 shorts 2500 subs
  20. @devanshnigam4262: is it recommended for new youtube creators to unlock the advanced features in youtube

- Stuck Under 500 Subs? Here’s How To Get Monetized Fast: Kind: captions Language: en if your YouTube channel is stuck under 500 subscribers then trying to get monetization might feel as achievable as climbing Everest with flipflops and as for 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hours for real monetization literal pipe dream but what if I told you I discovered a simple four-step process that's allowing small channels to get monetized with their first video now yeah it sounds like a plot twist too good for even daytime Television right you went behind his back and you cheated on him but stick with me here's three channels that use that exact strategy I'm about to share basically what these creators have figured out is that when they focus on these four things it seems to trigger the YouTube algorithm and when that happens you have a much better chance of experiencing those viral moments so let's dissect these steps so that you can slap that monetization button on your channel faster than you can say thr me the money and do make sure to stick around until at least the middle of this video because I have an incredible offer you won't want to miss but first let's get to the strategies starting with verifying your Niche if you are struggling to hit 1,000 subscribers my guess is that your views graph probably looks something like this it's a peak into our own data back in 2020 showing a period of serious stagnation and I'll be honest with you it was as frustrating as trying to solve a Rubik's Cube in the dark with your feet in front of a live audience but then we did something right here that transformed our growth and helped us blast through 1 million subscribers almost overnight if you are stuck in a upup this could be the YouTube equivalent of wily Wonka's golden ticket and it's all about understanding your total addressable Market or Tam for sure basically your Tam is the potential audience size for your videos the larger your Tam the more views your videos can potentially get imagine your Tam as the number of invites you could theoretically send out for your epic house party now when we were making search-based content we were basically planning a dinner party for 4 and that's because as you well might know less than 30% of all YouTube views come from search traffic so when you think about it that is intentional self-sabotage we were purposely intentionally narrowing our total addressable market so when we switched to broader content which was more appealing to browse and suggested based views it was like opening doors to a block party and the results were astonishing for example when we were making specific search-based content like this we were limiting ourselves to a small Tam only a very select group of people would be interested in this type of video but when we switched to broader-based content appealed to many YouTube creators like this as you can see the results were amazing with this experience in mind I started breaking down how these small channels got monetized so fast and this was the first thing I noticed if we take a look at at Chris takes off's first video we can see that he immediately went after a large Tam this video tapped into a broad engaged audience right from the start significantly increasing his chances of going viral so if you're wondering why your videos aren't getting any traction there's a good chance that you're simply not targeting a big enough T and it might sound ironic for us to say this if you've being a regular here at vid IQ but perhaps you're going to Niche so here's some strategies you can use to make sure that you're targeting a large enough potential audience the first thing I want you to do is find your top three competitors sort their videos by most popular and see which are the most recent videos say within the last 12 months that have a large number of views relative to the channel size next you want to try and verify the video topic to make sure that it's not just a viral moment for that Creator but for the niche as a whole so before you invest hours into making a video let's check V Tam for this particular topic the way you do this is to Simply search your video topic on the homepage and make sure that in the last 12 months there are similar videos that have millions of views or hundreds of thousands of views or tens of thousands of views this number is going to vary from topic to topic Niche to Niche and you need to develop an instinctive eye for what represents a viral view count within your Niche for example anything in the YouTube education Niche that has over a quarter of a million views we're going to take an interest in now this is the first great step to helping to get your channel monetized faster but this one is the biggie you you have to follow the data a passion for creativity will always be the driving force behind successful content but the wildwest era of just throwing stuff against a YouTube wall and seeing what works is Vanishing into the past these days there's too much sophisticated competition too much money at stake too much risk in wasted time and energy spent on video ideas that don't work the next generation of creators study YouTube like crazy scientists creators God that way when they create new videos they're not just guess it they are creating videos that are datab backed and have a higher chance of Performing well for example the main reason why this channel got monetized on their very first video was simply because they followed this exact strategy if we do a quick search for this topic we find this video right here as you can see it was posted on January the 8th 2023 which was 4 months before the 10x Finance Channel posted their video and It produced a massive 80 times outlier for this channel then there's this video that posted on January the 9th that focuses on the same video idea and is a 28x outlier so the 10x Finance Channel took the core idea added their own twist and the video went viral but it wasn't just the core idea that made this video work they took other data points such as critical keywords in the title for example passive income is known as a viral keyword in the finance space and it's used by big creators to generate millions of views so when this channel paired it with chat GPT another viral keyword at the time it was a perfect storm for a viral video so how do you find these data proven ideas thumbnails and titles that will give your next video a better chance of going viral well let me show you how through the help of some of our vid IQ tools sign up to vid IQ and then head on over to app. vid iq.com and you'll see this outlier tab it's a research tool and here you can type in a video topic and get dozens and dozens of datab backed outlier ideas that can help you come up with videos that are more likely to perform we also have a keyword tool and you'll be able to use this to find trending keywords that have high demand but low Supply so that when you weave them into your title descriptions and video script the algorithm will push your video to a hungry audience in fact a little later in this video I'll show you how you can create your titles and descriptions and video scripts with powerful keywords or with a little bit of AI and since I am in a very charitable mood I want to offer you this and all of vid iq's tools with unlimited access for just a single dollar there's a link in the description or one floating around here somewhere click it see what happens let's talk about the next strategy that's going to help your channel get monetized just that a little bit faster and that's boosting your average view duration on your videos this is the equivalent of ensuring that your party guests don't just pop in steal all of your food and drink and bail and YouTubers outright said this they prioritize videos that keep viewers hanging around for longer in other words the longer you can keep a viewer watch watching the more the algorithm is going to push them more of your videos but what I've noticed is that a lot of creators don't bother spending any time encouraging their viewers to watch more of their videos instead they're far more focused on the like And subscribe call to actions which I'm only using here for illustrative purposes in particular getting people to subscribe doesn't necessarily mean that they're going to watch any more of your content this potentially results in thousands of lost views and the algorithm starting to think that your audience just isn't that in your videos so the main way to solve this is to Simply make better videos obviously but there is another little technique that many creators simply never learn it's called a binge Loop basically it's a powerful formula that only takes a few extra minutes when script in your videos but encourages viewers to stay on your Channel watch more of your videos and increase your average view duration for example take a look at how super Prime ends this video so if you want to get an idea for how I make my longer form YouTube videos check out this video right here linked in the upper right hand corner instead of saying thanks for watching see you later he inserts a hook right before the video ends pushing people to watch his next intended video it might not sound like much but it is extremely effective at keeping people on your channel and watching your videos for much longer we've been using this tactic on our channel for years now and it has helped us capture 2 million views that's 2 million free views so let's break down an example to show you exact exactly how this works there are three important parts that create a binge Loop relate to the original content insert a new problem and promise to solve this problem in the next video you're going to direct the viewer to you've just watched an entire video about all of the settings that can make or break a video but what about your channel there are mission critical things you need to do at the very start of your YouTube journey and this is where you'll find out how to do them did you see what I did there yes Rob from the past I think we did and lastly if you do want to juice every last drop from your content then it is worth paying a little bit of attention to the metadata of your videos especially if you're a smaller Channel when we have absolutely no behavioral data we're going to probably rely more on the metadata the data that we have in terms of the title and the description now I do want to stress that the video idea title thumbnail hook and overall script of a video is always going to be vastly more important than the metadata of a Content but if you are looking for those last pieces of marginal gains this is where you might find them so one of the fastest and easiest ways to get this metadata right is to use vid iq's generate tool and so for the second time today we'll make our way to app. viid iq.com and try the generate tool this time simply type in an idea and within seconds you'll have the entire outline for a video starting with a title that that you can refine to fit the style of your content next you'll find rade descriptions and video tags that you can copy and paste during the upload process to YouTube but this tool doesn't just service the metadata of a video you've already seen it come up with a title it'll also generate some thumbnails to either use or take inspiration from and then you'll even get an outline of a video that you can if you wish turn into a script by clicking at the bottom of a page now by itself the generate tool is very powerful but it's best used in combination with the rest of vid iq's tool set for example when you partner it with our AI coach you can get more fine-tuned ideas and keywords based on what's already working for your audience so if you do want a much deeper dive into how to use all of these tools to help you grow your channel then I highly recommend you watch this video over here and don't forget to take advantage of that $1 offer

  Top Comments:
  1. @SweatyBanneryt [1 likes]: 488 Subscribers trying to get 500 Subscribers
  2. @sukhrob-y4w: Stuck at 13 subscriber
  3. @FLYINGCOBRASCHANNEL: Thank you ima probably reach 500 in a couple days
  4. @SteveFuir: Just passed 100 subs on April 19, 2026. Thank you, Vidiq for all of the tips!
  5. @IDKATGaming: I upload for fun. Do I want to get monetized? 100% it would be amazing. But its not my driving force. 

"You're playing games anyway, why not upload it?" My friend said, and here  I am. I offer daily uploads of gaming and live streams almost daily. Like I said, or he, im playing anyway...so why not? 

My problem is all of it 😂 no retention, hardly any views, therfore no likes, or subs. YouTube is a gnarly game.
  6. @maxbloxian: Thanks I got 20k views from a short
  7. @LooneyLuna_Xx: Im so close to 500 :hand-pink-waving:Currently at 345 subscribers
  8. @UltraMonolith: Viewtime is excellent. Subs are not. I might need to ask people to join the legion if they like the music.
  9. @Dylansports-x9z: I’m flat lined at 66 subs
  10. @D.1fishguy: Im at 223 I'll try this and see if it works
  11. @AdventureIsOurs: I had qvids for a decade. In 13 yrs only 108 subs. I quit. All a joke.
  12. @mapper_from_morrocosimpsons: I am stuck at 310 subsribers
  13. @DashPlays-Games: I have 5 subs
  14. @Brownie_Man5: I’m just stuck no matter what bro I just wanna pin people
  15. @MaileyMcAslan: The example videos that went viral make me go 🤢 so 🤔
  16. @MziyandaPeterMdayi: Thanks
  17. @009joyo: Hello... MONATIZATION procedure 🥰⚡grow but  10 M hack here
  18. @TheUnitedKingdomCountry: I’m On 25.
  19. @rocketwadster4535: currently at 468 subs when I type this - been trying to incorporate these tips into my content. Not exactly easy for many types of content, but enjoying the process regardless!
  20. @ejajul999: 🎉500 subscriber 🎁 bahut khush Hun Main🎉

- 3 Secrets to Monetize Your YouTube Channel FAST: Kind: captions Language: en a recent poll to my audience revealed that you are wanting to monetize your channel this year my YouTube channel brings in over $10,000 a month but let me tell you there is a secret to making five figures a month on YouTube so before you get monetized there are three secrets that you need to know in order to increase your chances of making more money and I'm going to fill you in on them today how do I know because I manage channels for a living so I am in different channels on The Daily and here's the truth I have seen Channels with 2,000 subscribers making way more money than Channels with 200,000 subscribers let's learn why what's up it's anny your guide to authentic video If you haven't yet be sure to download my starting on YouTube Chi the first secret to YouTube monetization is that not all niches are created equal now you may know this but Tech is going to make you a lot more ad Revenue than something like gaming well your RPM is how much advertisers are willing to pay per 1,000 views so while mine is around $10 which I mean let's probably look at it now because when I scripted this video is at $10 oh my goodness currently my RPM is actually $558 for every th000 views that's pretty cool but there are some niches where your RPM could look more like 10 cents or 50 cents it just depends so you can see here two bu made a blog post listing out the top most profitable niches so if we scroll through here you'll see it has a ranking of the top earning niches ranked by average CPM CPM and RPM are only different in that your RPM takes away YouTube's cut so better to look at that number for you this is looking at the CPM okay so the number one is making money online everybody loves to be making money that's why I mean I wasn't going to make this video but everybody voted that they wanted to be monetized so here we are okay but anyway making money online number one number two digital marketing three personal fin four education five tech cars gadgets you can see it goes on from there ending in gaming and comedy and humor not to worry though if you are in one of those lower niches we'll talk about that because here's the thing let's say that you are in the gaming Niche you could always make a tech review of the gaming stuff that you're using and boom we move up to number five where you would probably having higher RPM getting paid more by YouTube for that but more on that later now Beyond niches audiences also will affect what your RPM is and so for me if we look at my audience so if I go here and I click on audience you'll see that my audience is mainly in the United States 35% United States and then 15% India 7% UK and because I have a big chunk of my audience in the US that is going to make my RPM a bit higher because Americans generally have a little bit more money to spend on the things advertisers are selling now we can see behind the scenes of a different channel of one of my friends that has an RPM of 76 cents and if we look their Niche is travel so it's a little bit lower on the niche RPM scale but also if we look at their audience here you can see that 83% of Their audience is from India while only just 5% around 6% are from the United States and so that's also going to affect how much advertisers are willing to pay for ads now if you're wondering hm I wonder how much money I could be making within my Niche you can actually use a website called socialblade and it will give you an estimate of people within your niche of how much it thinks that they are making on their ad Revenue so like let's check out my site here on socialblade it will give your channel a score ooh B minus not bad I wish it was a B+ but one day I'll be a B+ but it'll give a monthly estimate so 27 to 400 $25 kind of a wide range right there but you can get a better idea and the 425 is quite interesting you can see if we go into my channel we'll see if this accurate or not in the last 28 days my channel has an estimated ad revenue of about $451 not too bad so you can see it's not totally accurate but it can kind of give you an idea of what it predicts people are making now going along with this the second secret to YouTube monetization is that once you're monetized you're probably not going to be making the money that you're hoping for I'm just going to keep it real with you here YouTube monetization takes time to build up as we saw in the last 28 days with about 50,000 subscribers I made around $450 that's not bad but it's also not something that I could live off of by any means especially in California so with that in mind the third thing that you must know about YouTube monetization is that you need to focus on ways to make money on your Channel right now now that are outside of YouTube monetization and let me tell you you can make a lot of money doing this you should not wait to get monetized by YouTube to make money on your channel for me I use YouTube just as the top of the funnel for my business so the way that new people finding in the YouTube search engine they learn from me in a video they then download My Free YouTube cheat sheet or one of my other free guides or courses they get on my email list and then I sell them onto my course or coaching with me and then maybe potentially a membership so you take people through this funnel that starts on YouTube and my YouTube monetization money is just an extra bonus we have to keep in mind that YouTube is a search engine it's the second largest search engine in the world so if you can create content that your ideal audience is searching for boom you show up for them if you want to learn how to do that make sure you watch my video on YouTube SEO I'll link it right here so helpful but anyway you show open the search engine someone learn something from you then they want to dive deeper into that topic well why don't you make a paid resource for that topic very easily on canva sell it with stor sell it on kajabi and boom you're building your own income and you could have zero subscribers as long as you're showing up in the YouTube search engine you could be selling your own digital products and services so there are three things that I highly encourage you to do while you are waiting to get monetized and number one is to create your own digital product of some sort and I recommend actually to make two one being free and one being paid so one that you give away right away to your audience to get them onto an email list and then the second paid one so you can start building out that money but an email list is also just so helpful to be able to sell your services and have direct access to your subscribers so doing those two things is huge now I have a video on how to create an optin that comes with literally template so I highly recommend that you watch that and I have another video showing you how to create a digital product that you can watch as well so I will link both of those down in the description and it may sound overwhelming but let me tell you it is so doable to create your own ebook or mini course all you need is an outcome that your viewers want that you kind of reverse engineer you could go on to upwork and have somebody help you make it look beautiful in canva and then you could sell it in something like stand store or kajabi or loads of other sites for me personally I love kajabi and now kajabi has a plan that's much cheaper for beginners but anyway it's so doable create your own product even with a small following you can start building passive income the second thing that I highly encourage you to do to make money on your channel now is create videos where you are reviewing products that you use that have to do with your Niche where you can include affiliate links so you probably know that affiliate links are links where you get a special link from a company that gives your audience usually a discount of some sort but sometimes not and if your audience uses that link then you make a percentage of the sale you can start with something like Amazon affiliate or there's another one I found called share a sale which I haven't used yet impact radius is one that I like to use so there's loads of different affiliate sites that you can sign up for but the best way to do it is to reach out to companies that have products you actually use and a lot of times you can go on their website and find down below at the bottom of their website where it says become an affiliate apply get a link boom make a video viewing whatever software or product it is make sure it is SEO optimized which again you have to watch that video to learn how to do that because it works then anyway you are making then reoccurring passive income and the beautiful thing about YouTube being a search engine is that you could put out a video and it could show up the search engine for years to come making you affiliate income for years to come I have videos that are like 8 years old in a niche that I'm not even in anymore and they still make me money I love it I love YouTube and like I said if you were were worried about being in a niche with a low RPM which you shouldn't worry about anyway make a channel on what you are passionate about what you're going to stick with and you can then find ways to monetize it right so you can then do software reviews of the gaming things that you're using boom you've now entered into a higher paying Niche and then you can make that affiliate income now a pro tip on affiliate income is that the more expensive the software or the products that you're promoting usually the more money you're going to make so if you're reviewing things that are only $5 know that the affiliate income is going to be quite small but if you're reviewing products that are $500 or $1,000 that 15 20% really can add up and make a lot of money so when creating affiliate income videos think bigger than smaller in terms of price point now the third thing that I highly encourage you to do to be making money on your channel right away is to engage with your audience as much as you possibly can genuinely this is going to do a couple things for you number one it's going to allow you to better understand what people want from you and when you understand what people want from you you create content that's going to get more views and that's going to more quickly get you monetized but also it's going to allow you to create resources ebooks products whatever it may be that fit that audience that you can also sell to them which is great too we're killing two birds with one stone and the next thing it does it builds up your fan base when you engage with your community where they're more likely to invest in you when you invest back into them they want to invest into you I don't care if you only have five or 10 subscribers try and get people to interact with you and build relationships and those core relationships are what is going to help when your channel scales to really build something special that way when you do launch a product or a course or a membership you have highly engaged people even if it's a small number of people that will be willing to invest in what it is that you are building out maybe do paid live streams that's a great thing to do maybe you create a membership where you only post content for that membership that is like The Bucket List family where if you buy into the membership they go live once a month and you get to attend and ask questions there are loads of different things that you can do if you have an Engaged Community but if you're only worried about making money and putting out more more videos without engaging with your community you are going to drop the ball super big because now more than ever especially with AI what are we craving community and real authentic connection and that's why I think personal brands are just going to continue to Boom 2025 2026 because now more than ever we're craving real things real people real connection so there you have it the three things that you should be doing don't wait to get monetized start doing these now and you can start scaling your income and then when you do get monetized boom it's an extra bonus if you want to learn more ways to make money with your channel definitely check out this video and I'll link all the videos are referenced I'm sorry I referenced so many down below but they're very helpful in scaling out a profitable YouTube channel if you have any questions be sure to leave them in the comments below and I will see you next video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Refiloe-h3j [3 likes]: Watching all the way from South Africa 🇿🇦 small YouTubers like me let’s connect here
  2. @stone.structure.explorer [3 likes]: 👍👍
  3. @bodyfuelscience [2 likes]: Very helpful info! Thank you so much ❤
  4. @ED-MusicRecords [1 likes]: Small channels lets gather!!! I subbed after your GREAT videos aswell :)
  5. @Destined2Recover [1 likes]: Im focused on making genuine connections!❤ Good luck, everyone!😊
  6. @martinmi5 [1 likes]: For 50K subscribers $450 a month is peanuts, very disappointing for any new channel hoping to get monetized. Thanks for sharing though.
  7. @arponTV [1 likes]: ❤vibing
  8. @mamisan6514 [1 likes]: Nice tips...small YouTubers here from Philippines...
  9. @NurseNekia [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing 🩷🌸🩷
  10. @Barista-reu [1 likes]: Hoping to be monitized soon❤
  11. @whiskeygamesnerdstuff789 [1 likes]: Good Video. If you enjoy doing it, keep doing it. Most of my videos are about Whiskey, Games, Nerdstuff (Why I picked the name). Been doing this for over  a year and still trying to figure out why some videos got more views and some get just a few.
  12. @ayysweetsreal003 [1 likes]: Great information really informative 🎉🎉🎉
  13. @CameraOnTheMove [1 likes]: @5:07 I didn't know that I can sell my digital products through YouTube even though my channel is not yet monetized. Can I put links in my youtube channel videos, to my  blog ?
  14. @erikawinter-stefferud [1 likes]: Fantastic content! Thank you
  15. @coachjoaking [1 likes]: Little channels growing with speed gather here and let’s Like this video tougher ❤❤
  16. @nandemobenriya: Two minutes and I like the video.  Help us monetize
  17. @stephaniemthoma: Thanks for this tip!
  18. @WonkyWomanLife: I need private lessons lol
  19. @WonkyWomanLife: I cannot figure out my niche
  20. @carpentermelak: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🎉❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉

- How to Monetize a New YouTube Channel in Just 28 days: Kind: captions Language: en - I grew a brand new YouTube channel from zero all the way to 1000 subscribers, in under 30 days. - [Speaker 2] I monetized a fresh YouTube channel in only 30 days. - [Speaker 3] I monetized my brand new YouTube channel in just 28 days. - What's going on? How are these YouTubers growing so fast and yet other creators just kind of feel stuck? Well, this is actually becoming a reality for more and more creators all the time. Sometimes taking 30 days or even 28 days or less to reach these goals. A lot of people assume you just have to spend years grinding, but the rules here are being rewritten a little bit. So, if you're here to turn your YouTube channel into something that can generate profit, maybe become a job for you one day, then I'm going to help you out. Today we're gonna dive into some strategies other channels are using that you can use for reaching monetization fast. Even if you're starting from zero. The first step as usual is finding a niche that serves your goal. However, I'm not gonna go into the general advice of just picking something you are passionate about, because you are here on a mission. It is completely valid and you should be doing something you're passionate about, but let's dig in a bit more. You need to be asking yourself a few questions. Number one being, "Is this niche You're about to go into, profitable?" Not all niches are created equal. Let's say you have a goal of earning $100 per video with a CPM of $7 per 1000 views, you would need 14 to 15,000 views, but if you were making $21 per 1000 views, you would only need 5,000 views per upload, which is a goal that is probably a little more doable, right? The second thing you need to ask yourself is, "Is this a popular niche?" Your niche is basically the audience that's gonna be interested in what you're talking about. So the larger the audience, the more money, right? So what would the popular YouTubers do? Well, someone like Mr.Beast would make a video titled, "Ages 1-100 Fight For $500,000" By doing this, he's essentially relating to everyone who likes money who happens to be between the ages of one and 100 years old. This is how big YouTubers are growing fast. It's because they increase their TAM or Total Addressable Market. They're looking to reach a much larger potential audience, which can give them exponentially more views than smaller channels. Three is," How saturated is this niche?" What if millions of other creators are getting billions of views on the topic you're in? Do you compete in this really crowded space or do you pick something that's a little less saturated? It's not impossible to break through, but if you're dead set on that really competitive niche, I would encourage you to carve out a smaller sub-niche in that big topic. Basically, become a big fish in a small pond by specializing. For example, instead of just covering all of fitness, you might do a channel about specifically CrossFit. It's not about just less competition here either. A highly targeted audience is more likely to engage with you because you're speaking very specifically to their very direct interests. And finally, the fourth question, ask yourself this. Do you feel like there is room to grow within this niche? Now, this doesn't just include being able to generate basically endless ideas for this niche that you're about to enter. Nothing's worse than running out of ideas one year into your YouTube journey, right? But can you also monetize this content outside of YouTube by using things like affiliate links or brand deals, sponsorships, things like that? AdSense does not and should not be the only way that you are looking to make money with a YouTube channel. Having said all of that, I still maintain that it's mega important to have a passion in what you're actually talking about. If you want to even make any money or get any views, because topics you already care about tend to be a lot easier to infiltrate, right? You already know the lingo, you can get in that community because you are very familiar with it. This will also help you avoid burnout, but finding the perfect niche won't just be the magic bullet, right? You still need to generate views, but there's actually a strategy you can lean into for getting a lot more views than you're probably used to getting right now. The biggest channels on YouTube aren't just randomly throwing ideas at the walls to see what sticks, and then they just happen to always get over a million views. No, they are following a very specific blueprint. Let's go back to Mr. Beast channel. It's obvious that he struck gold, literal gold, with this $1 versus $1 million series he's been doing. So what I want you to do is hit up the YouTube search bar and then type in $1 versus $1,000. Scroll down and look at the insane view counts on these videos. 5.7 million, 19 million, 5.2 million, and it's not just Mr. Beast. Let's check out Ryan Trahan's channel. For a while now, he's been doing this "I tested one star reviews" series, millions of views all over the place, yet again. Other household names like Airrack are using this strategy as well. Trust me, even though it feels like only the pro YouTubers can do this, you can as well. Once you find videos in your niche that have had that, like, viral success, you can make videos kind of modeled after them, right? You're just starting out here, so the expectation shouldn't be for millions of views just like them, but what if you got 10,000 views when you're used to getting a thousand? What if you managed to get a 100,000 views when you're used to getting 10,000 views? Putting some intent behind the research you're doing and the content you're making will for sure get you monetized a lot faster, and you could do this even within a month's time. Be careful though, because we're not trying to copy these ideas. It's about taking something that resonates with you and then making it your own. If we jump back to the $1 versus however many thousands of dollars example, again, we can see something interesting. They're all using the same formula, but let's dissect the thumbnails. The elements that stand at the most here is Mr.Beast on the left and then the object on the right. The gold car has been scaled up so that it takes up two thirds of the thumbnail. Let's look at Nick's thumbnail with over 5.7 million views. Nick's face also on the left, but he's changed a few things up. He made sure to include that iconic gold, right? But he's put it in the background. The other main object of the thumbnail has been blown up real nice and big. You have the steak, but then this really recognizable element of the Salt Bae. Recognizable elements alone are great to use, but the more important lesson here is that an idea was taken and then turned into something that was unique to them. Now, increasing your impressions and your click through rate is definitely a fast track to monetization, but it's also not enough. We need to be working on the retention in your videos because you have to hit 4,000 hours of watch time. Alen Sultanic is a famous copywriter, known for sharing unconventional and effective copywriting and marketing strategies. One of his best secrets to hooking viewers could also help you go viral. It's called assumptive questions. The key here is to put yourself in the viewer's shoes. Anticipate what questions or objections they might have, and then settle those right away. This makes the viewer feel more understood and inclined to hear you out. For example, in this video I said that I'm not gonna just tell you that you should be passionate about your niche. We're gonna go a bit deeper. A lot of our viewers have by now, heard us say a million times, "Be passionate about your niche," and they want more information on that, so I'm immediately assuming they're going to say," Ugh, I already know this," and I'm trying to quell their fears right out of the gate. Let's look at this retention graph. The biggest drop off here happens in the first 30 seconds of the video. I bet your videos could look similar to this in some cases, and the goal here is to try and remedy this drop off as much as you can in that first 30 seconds. The less drop off you have here, the longer people will stick through a video. Just a 10 to 20% increase could be the difference between a video that flops and a video that completely explodes. So your hook should satisfy a viewer's curiosity from their click back on the title and thumbnail, and that should happen (snaps fingers) right away. You could tease some exciting moments coming up later in the content, or you can maybe open a loop by asking a question and promising you're gonna answer it in a little while. And what a lot of small channels don't know is that you can use that script writing technique of opening loops over and over again throughout your entire video to keep people hooked. Close the loop, open another one right away, and then the ending is just as important as the intro to your video. What you do not want to do is make it feel like your video is ending at any point. It should kind of come as a surprise. The reason we do this is, is so that we can seamlessly transition a viewer from one video to the next video. If you start to do a really long outro and people start to assume your video is ending, they're going to click off way before you get to that part where you're like," Hey, please subscribe," or, "Please watch my next video." It increases your watch time and it creates hopefully, a binge session because people continue to just watch video after video in your channel. This is especially great for new viewers who after a short binge of your channel, will for sure get your next upload in their feed, whether they've subscribed or not. The more times people come back, the faster you get monetized. Another thing you can do is analyze your video's performance after the fact. Was your click-through rate lower than normal? Well look into that a little bit. Maybe you can make some adjustments in the next thumbnail you make for a video. That can hopefully raise it a bit. Also, you want to examine your audience retention graph, and I would wait maybe like two days after the video is uploaded so you get a nice sample size. You need to try and find where people are exiting your video, and if it's happening in that first 30 seconds, you have got to learn from those mistakes. This isn't easy and it happens to us still too, but we're always trying to improve, but look closely, identify where people start to drop off, and then try and ask yourself questions as to why they might have left. You can also look for spikes where it shows people are re-watching segments of your video. Maybe there's something really interesting there and you could pick up some tips for your next video. And once you get monetized, there's some very interesting things that happen, and if you wanna know what those are and how to tackle them, then you're gonna wanna watch this video right here because we'll go into some more details.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PedroTVnerf [1 likes]: I'm trying to get to Monitization, been more than 28 days
  2. @HorizonHostel: Lets grow
  3. @MindinQuiet: The path reveals itself only to those who continue walking.
  4. @alamininfo1: I am here to help new YouTubers 💖💖
  5. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  6. @gagan.deep11_: It’s not easy to get done in 28 days but i did in 4 months and i got monetized
  7. @Tmsbloxed: Feels impossible...
  8. @Animalmiraclemoments-y3k: Just started faceless YouTube channel everyone
  9. @johnlloydenecillo1954: I hope 1 day I'll be monetized too
  10. @Whotfcaresabtschool: one thousand comments
  11. @TechRatings5: Can i get some surpport
  12. @MoneyMellie: "let the ending come as a surprise" - this was very insightful for me. I'll take this up when making my next video for sure!
  13. @FFAnywhere: Going viral soon
  14. @kutbuddinkhan45: Good❤
  15. @GueneverreTop: nice tutorials
  16. @BringingtheBibletoLife: What are the 5 top Niches today?
  17. @RLivestock: I got more than 1k subs but my problem is 4k watch hours or 10m views 😁
  18. @viralfooty_shorts: You really did the surprise ending :)))
  19. @LoisLaneMiami: MrBeast doesn’t need to do anything anymore, which is cool for him. everyone uses him as an example for everything. I’d love to see a creator use another creator as an example for what to do and what  not to do.😫
  20. @duniaseestheworld: Why don’t we all just subscribe to one another and help ourselves get monetized and a head start towards success on YouTube?

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: pt-BR Você não pode vencer o algoritmo! Mas pode enganá-lo para crescer seu canal! Quando comecei no YouTube, coloquei muito esforço no meu canal, mas ele estava parado! Mesmo fazendo tudo certo, me perguntei, como é que alguns canais são escolhidos pelo algoritmo enquanto outros não por anos? Recusei-me a acreditar que era apenas sorte! Então, fui mais a fundo e notei truques que criadores menores faziam antes de seus canais decolarem, mas ignorei! Neste vídeo, vamos revelar quatro truques simples para acelerar o crescimento do seu canal. Eles podem realmente fazer o algoritmo impulsionar seu conteúdo. E não, eu não vou te dizer para roubar ideias ou estratégias de vídeo de outra pessoa. Isso pode ajudar! se feito corretamente. Mas não, estou falando de estratégias que impactam diretamente como o algoritmo lida com seu canal! A primeira coisa é dar sinais ao algoritmo sobre o que é seu canal! Parece simples, mas muitos criadores falham nisso. E sim! Existe uma maneira certa. Imagine, você começa um canal e lança seu primeiro vídeo. Você fica animado, esperando as visualizações, mas elas não chegam! Por quê? Bem Você é novo aqui. O algoritmo não sabe do que você está falando, para quem apresentar seu vídeo, ou sobre o que é seu canal. há 50% de chance de você postar um segundo vídeo e 50% de não postar. Vamos com a chance otimista de que você poste outro vídeo. Novamente, você espera por visualizações. Algumas aparecem, mas não o que esperava. Você está devastado, desapontado. E as chances de fazer um terceiro vídeo caíram mais! E continuam caindo com cada tentativa frustrante. É tão comum agora que na verdade tem seu próprio nome. O primeiro vale da morte! Onde muitos sonhos de criadores morrem. como evitar falhar antes de começar? Bem, você pode superar isso. E é um truque que um dos maiores YouTubers recomenda a todos os seus clientes. É algo assim! Quando lançamos um canal, lançamos com cinco vídeos! Essa é uma regra rígida para nós. Assim, as pessoas embarcam em uma jornada de tempo de exibição naquela primeira semana. Isso diz ao YouTube. "Uau, este é um ótimo canal!" Isso faz as pessoas assistirem e ficarem engajadas. Imediatamente, você está dando um salto no canal de 0 a 100 em vez de 0 a tipo 10%, 15%. Então talvez eu chegue ao próximo vídeo. Esse é o Matpat! Você pode conhecê-lo, o cérebro por trás dos teóricos dos jogos e um consultor para pequenos canais. Bem, ele sabe do que fala. E o que ele explica aqui é um dos maiores erros dos novos criadores. Lançar com um vídeo, ou pior, um canal vazio. A solução dele? Lançar com cinco vídeos. Isso tem pelo menos duas vantagens com o algoritmo. Primeiro, fazer upload de cinco vídeos de uma vez mostra ao público que você leva seu canal a sério. Demonstra que você tem uma proposta de valor clara e variedade de conteúdo. Isso ajuda a construir confiança e encoraja inscrições, pois os espectadores veem seu compromisso em fornecer valor. Segundo, e é aqui que o algoritmo entra, com vários vídeos, os espectadores são mais propensos a maratonar seu conteúdo! Agora você pode levá-los de um vídeo para outro, o que não seria possível com apenas um vídeo. Só de fazer isso, você aumentou significativamente seu tempo de exibição, o que diz ao algoritmo que este canal é envolvente e mantém as pessoas assistindo. O YouTube adora isso e quer mais. Mas essa estratégia de lançamento não vai importar sem dominar o próximo truque. Planejar postar cinco vídeos é só o começo, porque você tem que garantir que seu tópico de vídeo tenha potencial. O tópico pode ser a diferença entre 100.000 visualizações e 100. A boa notícia é que há uma maneira de garantir que escolheu um bom tópico! Existem ferramentas que ajudam a encontrar ótimos tópicos com alta contagem de visualizações no YouTube. E a melhor parte é são gratuitas! Como encontrar esses tópicos? Fácil! Vamos começar com uma ferramenta que todos conhecem! Google Trends. O Google Trends é ótimo para ter uma noção geral do que está popular! Você pode ver o que as pessoas pesquisam e identificar tendências amplas. Por exemplo, se pesquisar crimes reais, pode notar que é um tópico popular com picos de interesse! Isso dá uma ideia de que o conteúdo de crimes reais está em demanda. No entanto, para se concentrar nos detalhes e maximizar o potencial do vídeo, você precisa de algo mais poderoso. É aí que entra o VidiIQ! Vamos pular para a ferramenta e ver como funciona. O inspetor de palavras-chave te dá uma pontuação Vidiq, que combina volume de pesquisa e competição para indicar o potencial de sucesso do tópico! Digamos Crimes Reais! Crimes Reais tem um alto volume de pesquisa, mas também alta competição! então temos que cavar mais fundo. Refine sua pesquisa. Procure palavras-chave relacionadas com melhor potencial, por exemplo Documentários de crimes reais ou Histórias de crimes reais. Verifique as pontuações do VIDIQ para essas variações. Você pode descobrir que Histórias de crimes reais tem competição moderada mas ainda tem um bom volume de pesquisa. Descubra novas oportunidades! Use palavras-chave relacionadas para explorar nichos mais específicos. Você pode encontrar Mistérios de crimes reais não resolvidos, que tem uma alta pontuação no Vid IQ indicando que é um tópico em tendência com menos competição. você não apenas identificou uma tendência popular, mas também a refinou para encontrar um ângulo específico que te dá a melhor chance de sucesso! Isso economiza seu tempo e garante que seu conteúdo será descoberto e assistido por um público maior. E o melhor de tudo, você transformou seu palpite em estratégia baseada em dados. E olhe a prova. Digite Histórias de crimes reais não resolvidos no YouTube e veja as visualizações. Estão na casa dos milhões, indicando que este é um tópico que as pessoas clicam! Mas fazer as pessoas clicarem é só o começo. A parte difícil é mantê-las assistindo até o fim! É uma fórmula direta e eficaz. Quanto mais tempo você mantiver a atenção deles, maior será o tempo de exibição. Isso leva o algoritmo do YouTube a expor seu canal a um público maior. E é por isso que você precisa usar esse truque simples muito mais do que pensa! para explodir sua retenção. Se você já se deparou com um dos vídeos do Dodford, você verá que ele é um gênio da narrativa. Sua narrativa é fluida, é cativante, e te mantém até o fim. Eu me aprofundei no que ele está fazendo e encontrei um fio no Twitter dele onde ele revela um truque secreto de roteiro. Chama-se a estrutura de três atos e ele menciona isso repetidamente. Como usar isso para aumentar seu tempo de exibição? Siga esse modelo. Não apenas uma vez, mas com cada novo segmento. Considere adicionar um gancho que desperte curiosidade, uma história ou exemplo para transmitir seu ponto e só dar a lição no final! E a coisa mais importante é continuar fazendo isso repetidamente ao longo de todo o roteiro para que você possa continuar capturando o interesse bem antes que o espectador tenha a chance de perdê-lo! Por exemplo, digamos que você está criando um vídeo sobre a melhor maneira de cozinhar bife. Você já se perguntou por que seu bife não tem o mesmo sabor dos restaurantes? Então confronte o problema. A maioria das pessoas comete esses erros comuns! Use descrições vívidas e histórias pessoais e finalmente, resolva! Aqui está o método infalível usado pelos melhores chefs! Usando essa estrutura, você não apenas mantém os espectadores engajados, mas torna seu conteúdo mais memorável e impactante! Agora, eu chamo esse próximo truque de o jeito preguiçoso de fazer seu canal do YouTube crescer muito rápido! E eu adoro isso porque você basicamente deixa o algoritmo fazer o trabalho por você. Lembra quando falamos sobre como o algoritmo visa mostrar o melhor conteúdo que satisfaz o público? Bem, quando você faz upload de um vídeo que explode ou vê um sucesso tremendo! isso é uma indicação clara de que é isso que seus espectadores e assinantes querem assistir. Então tudo que você precisa fazer é apenas anotar isso e insistir nisso! O que os criadores profissionais fazem, e você também deveria, é algo que Jenny Hoyos chama de criar baldes! Uma vez que você encontra um formato que funciona, recrie-o repetidamente! E isso garantirá que provavelmente funcionará todas as vezes! explodindo seu canal. Mr. Whose the Boss está fazendo isso com sua série Eu comprei o mais tal tecnologia e Ryan Trahan está fazendo isso com a série Eu tentei uma estrela. Até o Mr. Beast está fazendo isso! Uau! Olhe os milhões de visualizações! Você também pode facilmente fazer isso! Uma vez que você identifica um estilo de vídeo específico ou formato que funciona para você e você acerta em cheio. Apenas continue fazendo isso! Continue produzindo vídeos dentro desse balde! Você tem que ter cuidado, no entanto. Porque muito de uma coisa boa pode ser uma coisa ruim. Aqui está o que o Mr. Beast pensa sobre isso. Todo ano tivemos formatos que funcionam muito bem. Se eu continuasse fazendo os formatos que estavam arrasando em 2020. Eu não estaria onde estou agora. Eventualmente, eles se esgotariam. Eu sou um grande crente em, tipo, terminar um formato enquanto, você sabe, não está muito velho? Eu tenho tantas ideias virais ótimas, tipo que eu quero trazer à vida. Há apenas tipo tantos vídeos que eu quero filmar e tipo tantas ideias diferentes que ninguém mais está fazendo que eu quero trazer à mesa que é tipo eu não quero fazer 15 desses! porque tipo aqueles outros oito que eu faria, eu poderia ter feito algo mais original e criativo. Então sim, explore esse formato vencedor, Mas você não quer se tornar excessivamente dependente dele. Continue experimentando porque isso permitirá que você toque consistentemente nos interesses dos seus espectadores, enquanto explora alguns outros conceitos que podem desbloquear um novo público! Falando em novos públicos. Você sabia que há uma maneira de ganhar 1000 inscritos super rápido? Não? --- Sério? Bem, existe! Confira este vídeo para ver do que estou falando.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- If I started a YouTube channel in 2026, I’d do THIS: Kind: captions Language: en If I was gonna start a brand new YouTube channel in 2026, knowing everything that I know now after being a full-time content creator for five years, there are three really significant things that I would do differently in order to save time, make more money, and feel less frustrated with the YouTube growth process. And in this video, I really don't want to focus on the beginner basics of YouTube growth. I feel like if you're watching my channel, you already understand the importance of posting consistently and designing clickable thumbnails and all of that stuff. Instead, I want to talk about some specific adjustments that you can make to your mindset and approach on YouTube so that you can be strategic and really see some growth in 2026. When it comes to big picture strategy on YouTube, there are really two main approaches, the artist and the entrepreneur. Of course, as with any binary in life, there is a lot of gray area and nuance in between these two, but I think it can be really informative to figure out which you align with most because it's really going to impact how you make your videos and how you make your money. Speaking of which, let's talk about the business models. Basically, entrepreneur creators are using YouTube to find their customers. They're going to be using their videos to generate traffic to their website where they can sell their digital products, physical products, or services. This can honestly work in so many different industries, but one really great example that I stumbled upon recently is a channel called Space Rex. He has really helpful videos on NASs, which are basically file storage systems, buying guides for which NAS to get, how to set them up, but his business outside of YouTube is actually setting up data storage systems for businesses. He offers online consultations as well if you want to set up your own NAS. You can see how his channel works perfectly as a traffic engine to find people on YouTube, build trust with them through the expertise he shows in his videos, and ultimately sell them on his services or his consultations. While yes, many of these creators will probably have AdSense set up, they might do some affiliate sales and the odd brand deal. Usually that is not going to be the primary way they make their money. It's going to be through their own products and services. Now, on the other hand, artists use YouTube to, of course, express themselves and their creativity and through that they're able to find an audience of fans and through those fans' attention and support, they're able to find ways to monetize their content and ultimately create more of it. Most of the people that you think of as influencers are going to fall into this category. Income streams like brand deals, affiliate marketing, AdSense, and sometimes Patreon enable artist creators to fund their life while they continue to post their content. Now, like I was saying before, there can be a lot of blend and gray area between these two categories, right? Because you're probably already thinking of influencers who generally have this artist business model, but maybe they also sell merch or have launched some other maybe like consumable product business like coffee or matcha brand. And while those examples definitely exist, I would argue that in those cases, those are usually like a side quest business or something that they've leveled up to after years of having this business model and then eventually wanting to become an entrepreneur as well. Really, the way I see it, the distinction comes down to one question and that is, what is your goal with YouTube? For entrepreneurs, the goal is going to be to make money. While for artists, the goal is to make content, sometimes also known as art. Basically, it's like, is the content the means to the goal, like the way you reach your goal, or is making the content the goal itself? For artists, the goal is the content. For entrepreneurs, they use the content to reach their goal, which is selling their products. So where do I find myself on this chart? Well, I have a video editing agency and we primarily find our clients through my YouTube videos. So that definitely tips the skills towards the entrepreneur side a bit. However, I think I identify more as an artist in terms of my approach to content. God, that sounds so pretentious. Like I honestly don't feel like my videos are art most of the time, but I am prioritizing the artist strategy in terms of I want to have returning viewers. I want to have community. I want to have engagement with the people who watch my videos and I definitely don't want to have to make videos on the same exact topic over and over again. Honestly, my goal deep down is just to keep making enough money that I can continue doing this for my job. I'm honestly really happy with how much money I'm making each year right now. So I'm not really looking to like super grow or scale that what's most fulfilling for me is just finding ways to be more creative in how I make my videos. Like I find that really fun and I love that I get to do it for a job. So that's what I'm focused on, especially this year, not like growing my income a ton, but just being more creative. And so that's why I feel like at least in 2026, I feel like I'm more on the artist side of things. So I guess one final question for you. If money was no longer an issue, do you think you would still be creating YouTube videos? I know I would. I was making videos all the time long before I was ever making money from it. And when I think about my life in a retirement kind of scenario, I think I'd probably still want to be making vlogs. So I think if you said yes, you would make videos, even if you weren't making money from it, then you're an artist. But if you wouldn't do it, except for the fact that it's helpful for your business and it helps you make money, then I think you're an entrepreneur. And to be super clear, it's not like one approach is better than the other. Like it might sound like I'm kind of moralizing the artist approach, but I'm really not. If you're using YouTube as a marketing tactic, I think that's really smart. And I think that's totally reasonable. Like it's okay if you're doing this to grow your business. I just think it's helpful to know which approach is yours because then, you know, the success metrics are different. Knowing where you fit in all of this is going to give you clarity on how you want to approach your own content strategy. So for artists, what that's going to mean is prioritizing community over traffic. Another way of putting this is prioritizing engagement over virality. So the success metrics that you're going to be looking for are like high amount of returning viewers. That would also look like a kind of more steady view count from video to video, showing that your same community is coming back time and time again. This is also going to look like a higher proportion of comments. So people that are actually really engaged with your content and wanting to connect with you. The entrepreneur approach is going to be the opposite. So prioritizing traffic over community. So the success metrics there are going to be a high proportion of new viewers. Why does this matter? Well, if you're ultimately trying to sell more of your products and services, you need to be constantly bringing in new customers. If you just have that same returning viewer community while they might be really engaged with your content, either they've already purchased or they've already decided they're not going to purchase. And so you're not going to have that same business potential. So that's why it's important to be bringing in new people. So what that might look like is variation in the views on your channel. Like you might have some videos with really low views and some with really high. But as long as you're getting that occasional viral hit, you're still ultimately working towards that goal of having lots of new viewers. So you're going to find a lot of these entrepreneur channels hitting the same kind of hot topics again and again, but reaching new people. Artists are more so going to be continually serving that same community, maybe evolving over time, hitting more of a variety of subjects to keep it interesting for those same returning viewers. And finally, for entrepreneur channels, the priority is going to be on conversions over comments. These types of videos might not have a ton of engagement in the comment section, but as long as you're seeing that conversion rate from viewers heading over to your website and actually making those purchases, that's what's going to matter to you most as an entrepreneur. So I'm really curious to know, let me know in the comments, which you feel you're more aligned with an artist or an entrepreneur. I'll be really curious to see what the split is. But yeah, you can see how depending on the approach, you're going to care about really different things. And therefore you're going to craft your content in a pretty different way. So yeah, let me know, artist or entrepreneur, whether you're an artist creator or an entrepreneur creator, there is always going to be some business component to this because everybody's got to make a living, right? One significant part of that monetization strategy is going to be having a website. And I know that might sound intimidating, but trust me, it's not. To prove it to you, I created a brand new website for myself from scratch in just 15 minutes using Hostinger, the sponsor of today's video. Now, while you watch me do that, let me tell you why a website is so important to your creator business. Your website is like your online home as a creator. You own it. So it's not at the whims of the algorithm. It helps you be seen as credible and professional, especially by brands that might want to work with you, but also by your audience and potential customers. Speaking of that, with a hosting your website, you can sell digital products like courses or templates, or even physical products like print on demand merch. You don't need to know how to code to make a website. Hostinger has a really intuitive drag and drop design, plus a ton of designer templates to choose from. And as your business needs get more advanced, you can make use of their built-in analytics and SEO, A B testing and email marketing tools. So what you're going to want to do is get the business plan. I think hosting your offers some of the best features for creators who are looking to grow their business and monetize because they've got 0% transaction fees, which means you get to keep all of the profit from your digital and physical product sales. And they've got built-in email marketing tools to help you better reach your audience outside of social media. And what's super helpful for creators is that you get a dedicated link in bio website as well as your desktop website. So you've really got everything that you need for your web presence as a creator in just one subscription. And actually with the new year sale that hosting your is currently offering, if you're watching this video soon after I've published it, you can get all of this for just $2.99 US a month if you choose the 48 month plan. So you lock in at that low monthly price and better yet, you can get an additional 10% off if you use my code Katie at checkout. I know that you're ready to take YouTube and content creation more seriously in 2026. So make creating your own website a part of that plan. You can go to hosting your.com slash Katie or click the link in the description. Okay. So the second thing I want you to consider while you're formulating your 2026 YouTube strategy is that educational channels I think are really going to need to pivot if they want to survive the era of chat GPT. Let me explain what I mean by telling you a little story. Okay. So a little while back, I posted an Instagram story where I was talking about feeling like I was in a slump on YouTube, which since I have gotten out of and I feel really good about that, but at the time I was feeling like I was caught in this cycle of like constant low view after low view video. And I had a very well-meaning viewer reply to that Instagram story saying, Hey, like no offense. Like I love your vlogs, but I really don't find myself watching a lot of your tips videos anymore. Chat GPT kind of ruined that for me. And that's when I realized that a lot of people who used to go to YouTube to type in how to grow on Instagram, for example, are now typing that in on chat GPT instead. Now, whether you should listen to chat GPT when it gives you answers to questions like that is a different conversation. However, I think we can't deny that a lot of people are doing that. And when it comes to your classic tips and tricks or like list style educational YouTube videos, people are getting that information faster and more easily from just asking chat GPT rather than like sifting through a list of YouTube results to find your video. And so I think this means that a lot of educational creators are going to have to pivot their approach a little bit. To be clear, I don't think this means that educational channels in the broadest sense on YouTube are like over. It just means that you need to offer something that chat GPT can't. Your standard kind of advice that a lot of people know, but maybe would be helpful to beginners. That kind of stuff used to be the bread and butter of so many YouTube channels. And I just think it's not going to fly anymore because it's too easy to find in a faster way. So here's what you're going to do instead. First analysis, what are your thoughts, hot takes or pros and cons on that classic tips and advice that you wanted to share instead of just giving us the information. Tell us what you think about it. Share more opinions. Number two, share your personal experience or stories. What have you tried personally and what were the results for you? And finally, inspiration. Instead of teaching somebody how, inspire them to do. Assume that they already know the basics and you know, they're ready to get started. They just need that extra bit of motivation or encouragement to go after it. Transparently, this is something that I'm really heavily considering in my own YouTube strategy for 2026. In the past, tips and advice tutorials were like the foundation of this channel. But already over the past year or so, I've been trying to move away from just strictly like tips and advice videos to stuff that's a little bit more, I hope insightful or kind of like analysis based or maybe entertaining or encouraging rather than just simply listing tips. And when I'm making stuff that's more like a traditional kind of like educational video, like this one, to be honest, I'm trying to make sure that I bring my absolute most like fresh, unique, hot off the presses ideas and not like recycling the same tips that you've heard before. And also bringing a bit of a personal perspective of like, these are the things that I'm like literally developing for myself right now. And I'm kind of trying to share that insight with you and with the goal of hopefully doing this all in as entertaining of a way as possible and as creative as possible. Just because honestly, that makes it more fulfilling for me and hopefully more fun for you too. Basically, I think a good litmus test for it is if you can take your YouTube video title and put it into chat GPT and just like tell it, hey, write me a YouTube script for this title. If the talking points that it comes up with are pretty similar to what you're already planning to say, that's maybe a bad sign that what you're saying isn't like fresh or different enough. Moral of the story is I think as much as we need to be aware that we are competing with TikTok in terms of how entertaining and attention grabbing we need to be. We also need to be aware that as YouTubers we're competing with chat GPT in terms of like the information or education we can provide. So just keep that in mind as you're crafting your content if you want it to be competitive in the 2026 YouTube landscape. The hardest part about making YouTube videos is coming up with good ideas, especially considering the level that we need to operate on now. Like the basic ideas that used to do big numbers back in 2022 are just not cutting it anymore. No matter your niche or target audience, you need to have fresh and clever ideas. You need to package them in an enticing way and ultimately you need to be entertaining because look guys, we're competing against TikTok and brain rot. We absolutely need to bring our A-game. So something that I've been doing lately to help me come up with more interesting video ideas is something that I've been calling the Frankenstein video formula. In the past, my ideation process was linear. I would come up with a video concept, write a title for it, and then develop the thumbnail design. The problem with that was I would often get attached to a concept, come up with its title, film the whole video, and then by the time I got to the thumbnail phase, I was so attached to the idea that I really wanted to do it even though I didn't have a strong thumbnail. Basically, it was the sunk cost fallacy. I felt like, oh, I've already put so much work into this. I should just go ahead and post it. But what this ended up leading to was posting videos with less than great thumbnails, which of course meant I wasn't getting the views that I wanted. Instead, with the Frankenstein video formula, you generate completely separate lists of ideas for your titles, your video concepts, and your thumbnails. Then when you plan your video, you pick things off each list and basically stitch it together into one video. This is the Frankenstein part. Get it? Hopefully this metaphor makes sense. And you get your little Frankenstein video, right? How cute. This way, you've got good quality components in each of these categories from the very start, rather than starting with a title and then trying to come up with a thumbnail for it just to make it work so that you can get it posted. So let me show you a sample of how this works. So here's a list of my potential title ideas. These are basically phrases that I think are catchy or would be enticing to my audience. And honestly, because of the way they're written, a lot of these could be paired with different concepts depending on the direction I want to take with the video. It's not like they'd end up being clickbait. It's just that there could be several different meanings to them. So that's why it kind of works with this method. Okay, so then I have my list of concepts. These are general ideas that I think would make interesting YouTube videos, stuff that I've been reflecting on lately, things that I want to talk about that I think would be valuable to my audience. You can see I've not worded these in any kind of a interesting way. It's more descriptive. So like this is not going to work as a title on its own, but it's a concept that I could include in a video with a title like one of these. Okay, and finally, we have thumbnails. So you can see this is obviously not like a list of images. It's actually taglines. Quick aside here, I'm finding that the thumbnails that perform the best lately are ones that have these short, witty, like clever little taglines on them in text. I think the approach really used to be driving curiosity, like having like a blurred image or a big question mark or like a kind of like Kevin McAllister face on the thumbnail. But I think in 2026, the more strategic approach is almost making your thumbnail a bit of like a meme or a joke. And I think that really draws people in because it kind of proves to them that you know, you're smart, you're funny, you're clever. I think we're kind of at a point where like, honestly, like AI could generate a YouTube thumbnail. That's what I just described, like the kind of face. And so I think that like that human sense of humor and like cleverness is what really catches people and makes them more interested in watching you. Like if you can prove your cleverness and sense of humor in the thumbnail, it's kind of a promise of like, hey, my video won't be boring. Like, look, I'm funny and interesting. I think some of the best examples that I've done, if I do say so myself, are like this thumbnail where I'm like, I'm going to hold your hand while I tell you this. Or a lot of people commented saying they loved this one. I am cringe, but I am free. Or even this recent one vlogging in the brain rot era. A lot of people mentioned that that caught their attention. I think there's so much more I could say about how my approach to thumbnails has changed. So I could do a whole video on that. But for now, just know short quippy tag lines, I think are the way to go with your thumbnails in 2026. Okay, so once you have these three lists in place, when you go to make a video, you can pick one from each list. So for example, I might pick the title, you're going to be a full time creator in 2026. Here's how I think for that kind of a title, a concept that would work well is my 12 month roadmap of steps to becoming a full time creator. And I think a good thumbnail would maybe be the like, don't quit your day job, but I'll have the don't, you know, stroked out. PS, the nice thing about YouTube is that now there's a B testing built in for both titles and thumbnails. So what I might end up doing is actually trying multiple of these titles mixed with different thumbnails for each video to see which one works the best. I honestly spend like a ton of time strategizing and designing my titles and thumbnails. So if you'd like an entire video showing the behind the scenes of that, let me know and maybe I could do like a vlog taking you through my process. So I hope these thoughts and reflections on current YouTube strategy is has been helpful for you. As always, I think the most important thing to remember is that this is going to take time. But that's not a bad thing. I think all good things in life are on the other side of effort and persistence. It just makes the accomplishment more satisfying. So try to hold on to that even as you're pushing away this year, and just try not to be discouraged if you're not getting the results that you want right away. Trust me, we've all been through it. We all will go through it again. Even as an established YouTuber that's doing this for my job, I go through seasons where the views aren't what I want them to be. But you know what, you always eventually come out on the other side if you just keep going. The only way to seal in your fate is to quit. As long as you keep going, you keep the possibility alive that you will grow. Also just wanted to let you know if you're feeling overwhelmed with the prospect of editing all of these videos, you can come work with my team. You can come work with the editor that edits my YouTube videos. I have a small agency. It's called Creatorly Media of all female video editors and we work with creators like you to help you stay consistent, make the best videos possible and not get burnt out. So I will leave the link in the description. It's creatorlymedia.com. If you want to check it out, we'd love to work with you and edit your videos. Trust me, I can tell you from personal experience, it is such a weight off your shoulders to have somebody on your team helping you out and getting those videos edited. You don't have to do this all on your own. As always, I hope you're having adventures and following your dreams, especially in 2026. And I will see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Beatrizingrid [2 likes]: I created my channel a while ago, but only this year have I been able to give it more attention.
I'm posting videos every week, between 2 or 3.
But I always post.
I have almost 200 followers, I can't wait to get 1000 and the 4000 hours to be able to monetize. 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻

I'm excited to live the life I'm going to live.
I love creating content for YouTube. ❤❤❤❤
  2. @tokyorecordstyle [1 likes]: Greetings from Tokyo. Interesting learnings to be had here, that people are migrating away from YouTube to learn and going direct to Ai. Pivot time for many!
  3. @TheMidnightRainResidence [1 likes]: :virtualhug::virtualhug::virtualhug:
  4. @leonjohnson3780: I love the beauty who narrates your videos! Great content. Really helps to plan and focus our thoughts and plans
  5. @rafdamiaens: I love how you described the artist vs entrepreneur mindset ❤️ I’m probably one of the rare examples of someone who started as an artist (a music artist), then became an entrepreneur, and now feels a strong pull to reconnect with the artist within me through a YouTube comeback. After years of overthinking, I’ve finally decided that my channel will be entertainment first and foremost.
  6. @rajhossin7960: how to edit videos on phone
  7. @GailGMusic: This is so helpful! I am a hybrid artist/ entrepreneur but I want my channel to be artistic expression and bts content of my work where my audience is fans but also I can send links to my videos to potential clients if they want to see my composing/ mixing process
  8. @Disney_rehab: I am cringe. But I am free.
  9. @Mannypacqiwow: I love everything about your videos! I’m learning a lot and it feels like I’m just hanging with my super smart friend. Your ideas feel fresh and show what authenticity looks like. Great commentary on AI and why a human feeling approach is more valuable than ever.
  10. @breadbloom: This was so helpful!  Thank you!
  11. @ProteinNellie: Helpful but the thing that caught my eye was "you don't need a niche" and I didn't hear any mention of that! MY biggest blocker has been choosing a niche thus far
  12. @CarolynRoseOfficial: Wow I’m definitely the artist side 😅 but with an entrepreneurial side too
  13. @BroFrank954: Let’s go, let’s Grow! 🙏🏾💪🏾💯
  14. @karlotolentino0723: Artist 🥺🥺🥺
  15. @EclecticCreative: Wanting to try YouTube content for the first time, I’ve always been a huge Instagram user, with a micro following 30K, I create and show content everyday for my interior design business, I’ve never thought to make the leap until now. Thanks for the inspiration
  16. @GodGirlGrowing: Very valuable information.  I had not thought of some of these things before.  I have SO much to learn. I just started a new concept on my channel and I'm going to start a new blog.
  17. @victoriamitchell294: Artist here!
  18. @Monica_Arthur: New to YouTube… procrastinated forever 
But im nearly there .. coming up soon. Thanks for the tips
  19. @LotusWaver: You’re the first person I’ve hear consistent the creators “artists” vs “entrepreneurs “ interesting take
  20. @mztwixed: ...thx dear...wondered if I was getting too old to do something of meanjng with the time I have left...I appreciate this more than you know. ❤

- How I Actually Edit Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Where's the editing tutorial? How do&nbsp; you edit? Bro, are you using Adobe to&nbsp;&nbsp; edit your videos? How do you edit so good?&nbsp; Your editing style is crazy, man. Where do&nbsp;&nbsp; you edit videos? How to edit smooth like&nbsp; you? How to edit? Bro, we need a tutorial… Yep, this is the editing tutorial. But why&nbsp;&nbsp; the hell did it take 9 months to make&nbsp; it? Well, it all started one year ago… An editing tutorial? From me? Really? Why not? Have you ever checked your&nbsp; views? People love your videos, man. Look, I know a thing or two about editing,&nbsp; but making a tutorial?! There are fricking&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizards out there making stuff I can’t&nbsp; even imagine! I mean look at this guy. How the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell does he do that?! The best I can do is&nbsp; “how to edit slightly above average” tutorial… And? Isn’t that the point? You don’t need to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizard. You just need to be… You…&nbsp; Someone who’s been through the journey. What do you mean? Remember your early days, man. You knew&nbsp; nothing about editing. I’ve been there. Wait. You were there? I mean for the most part… Oh… Everything you know, you learned&nbsp; the hard way. Wouldn’t you want&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to guide you through that path back then? Yeah… Just keep it real. Show the way for past Isaac.&nbsp; How you edit your videos, from start until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. The stuff you learned along the way. And&nbsp; hey, who knows, maybe I’ll send it back to him. Alright. That’s my man! But if I’m doing this, I’m making the best&nbsp; editing tutorial YouTube has ever seen… Yeah, I know, you’ve probably heard this a&nbsp; million times and rolling your eyes. But different&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences want different editing. You can’t use&nbsp; a MrBeast style editing in a Ruhi video. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t feel right. Now, every editing tutorial is&nbsp; saying this exact same thing, but the problem is,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of them proceed to explain both editing&nbsp; styles in theory and never actually give you&nbsp;&nbsp; practical advice. You know why? Because they don’t&nbsp; want to lose the other side of their viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s all about keeping the retention high! I&nbsp; know, it’s not a wise choice for retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don’t wanna be one of them. I want to&nbsp; actually teach you something. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; juggling 2 different editing styles&nbsp; and giving random tips from each one,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s pick the one that I’m better at, which&nbsp; is, fancy editing! The editing like this… and&nbsp;&nbsp; this… and this. I want you to walk away from&nbsp; this tutorial actually knowing how to edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; not watching another video that explains&nbsp; the same theory for the 100th time. You wouldn’t wanna sit down to edit and realize&nbsp; halfway through that your script isn’t good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, or even worse, the video idea doesn’t&nbsp; make sense! If you wanna edit viral videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else should be made with&nbsp; that in mind as well. An amazing edit&nbsp;&nbsp; can’t save a boring script, or a bad video&nbsp; idea. So let’s quickly fix these at first. Think about your target audience.&nbsp; Is the idea interesting for them?&nbsp;&nbsp; Would someone click on this&nbsp; video if they didn’t know you? I already covered it in another video. For the script, start by outlining all the&nbsp; points you want to cover in the video, and write&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s on your mind. Most youtubers&nbsp; stop here. But after writing everything, I always&nbsp;&nbsp; come up with a secondary story. Something deeper.&nbsp; Almost like a short film that runs alongside the&nbsp;&nbsp; main video. After that, create a structure. Cut&nbsp; out useless parts, ask ChatGPT to make it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand, and build some kind of progress&nbsp; from the start until the end of your video. We’re&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna dive a lot deeper into scripting in a future&nbsp; video, so I’ll not waste much time on that here. Just record your voice on a microphone,&nbsp; or like me, use an AI voice generator&nbsp;&nbsp; like Elevenlabs. Create a voice, and paste&nbsp; everything in your script, but little little,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle. Some people still think that&nbsp; AI voices are too robotic, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has improved a lot. I mean I can get random&nbsp; emotions like SIUUU. See? You can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs with the link in description. It’s&nbsp; not sponsored by the way. I just get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; commission if you use my link. And it’s a great&nbsp; tool. SIUUU! Haha. Sorry… Okay, let’s move on. Here’s the thing about filming… I have absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; no clue. I get all my footage&nbsp; from the internet… So… yeah… Look at other youtubers’ videos, but even&nbsp; better, watch a good movie before editing. Uhh,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a heads-up, don’t watch 5 seasons of&nbsp; Breaking Bad just to get inspired for one&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Don’t ask me how I know… With all the&nbsp; rise of short-form content, some people haven’t&nbsp;&nbsp; even sat and watched a 2 hour long movie in years.&nbsp; But if you find any type of movie that you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and watch it with your editor's eye, you’ll get&nbsp; so much inspiration that you can’t even make&nbsp;&nbsp; that much video! Transitions, storytelling,&nbsp; montages, cool camera angles, you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of this stuff hasn't even been implemented&nbsp; once on youtube yet. So, you want originality?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where you get them. Even though it’s not&nbsp; gonna be as good as a masterpiece like Morbius,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making your own movies here. Once&nbsp; these are ready, move on to the next step. When I say assets, I’m talking about music,&nbsp; sound effects, overlays, and presets. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of trial and error to find the right&nbsp; ones. But if you don’t have time for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I put together all the assets I use to edit&nbsp; my videos. Here’s where I get them from. Now, this part may seem a bit unnecessary,&nbsp; but it made everything way faster for me in&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual editing. Take your script, and color&nbsp; code what’s happening in each sentence. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide it into 6 categories, but you can&nbsp; adjust this based on your style. Once you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; done with the entire script, collect all the&nbsp; elements you need for each part. I marked this&nbsp;&nbsp; part as ‘screen record’. So now I’ll gather&nbsp; all the screen recordings for this section.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same process for images, videos, and&nbsp; everything else. And for the animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; uhh… Just keep it there. I’m gonna explain&nbsp; it in a few minutes. After you went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire script and got everything&nbsp; you need, you’re ready to move on to… Alright, finally, it’s time to open Premiere&nbsp; Pro. Click create a new project. Create again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add a new sequence. I like to&nbsp; make my videos in 1920 by 1080,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is high enough so no one’s&nbsp; counting pixels, and low enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; not burn my computer. Though you can use 4k if&nbsp; you got a beast in your house. Oh, and 60fps. Create your workplace by dragging windows around,&nbsp; however you’re comfortable with. Personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like this layout, which has&nbsp; the main video in the center,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline at the bottom, footage and effects&nbsp; here, effect controls and raw footage monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; here. If you’re missing any windows,&nbsp; just enable them from the menu here. Next up, import your voiceover, drag to&nbsp; the timeline, cut it based on the script,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remove any awkward pauses or&nbsp; moments where it drags the flow. Okay, this one might not fit for&nbsp; everyone's workflow, but I like&nbsp;&nbsp; adding the music right after the voiceover.&nbsp; I know, most editors save it for the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it gives more clarity on the vibe&nbsp; you’re going for in the entire edit. Plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it lets you make cuts based on the beat. And&nbsp; most importantly, it’s more fun! So, where&nbsp;&nbsp; to find good music? I used to grab no copyright&nbsp; music from youtube for a long time, but lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been hooked on Epidemicsound. It’s just more&nbsp; convenient to find music and sound effects based&nbsp;&nbsp; on every detail, and you don’t need to worry&nbsp; about copyright issues. One thing I didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; realize until editing this video, is that you can&nbsp; copy and paste your favorite songs from Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; and get similar music. I mean what the hell?&nbsp; Why didn’t anyone told me that?! Once you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got your music, drop it to the timeline, and&nbsp; adjust the volume based on the voiceover. Now comes the fun part. Remember the highlights&nbsp; on the script? Start layering in all your videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; images, and screen recordings based on the&nbsp; highlights. It’s not necessary if you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; new to editing, but it’s a good idea to&nbsp; experiment with some cuts based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; music beats. It gives your edit that extra&nbsp; punch and keeps it flowing easier. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; little trick I like to use, is just plain&nbsp; text on a black background. Just like I’m&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now. We’re gonna dive into text&nbsp; in a minute, so leave it blank for now. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking good so far! But remember? You highlighted&nbsp; one more thing in your script. Animations… Alright, here’s the truth. Animation&nbsp; is not as easy as it looks. Especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it’s your first time. But don’t&nbsp; worry, we’ll break it down together. So, in the script that you highlighted,&nbsp; let’s take the first animation. I’m just&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take a cool one from my previous&nbsp; videos. And show you the exact method I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to make them go viral. Grab a pen and&nbsp; paper, and imagine the animation. You’re&nbsp;&nbsp; probably thinking of something that walks&nbsp; the viewer through the method step by step,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Picture this. We’ll have some&nbsp; boxes connected to each other by arrows,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a flowchart. Inside each box, is a heading,&nbsp; but they’re blurred out for now. Then, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; zoom into the first box, and boom. The text is&nbsp; revealed. That’s a solid one. Let’s create it. Now there are two ways to create the animations.&nbsp; Easy way, and hard way. Let’s start with the first&nbsp;&nbsp; one. If your animation is too simple,&nbsp; and not much fancy stuff is going on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create it in Canva. I made my&nbsp; first video’s animations using only Canva.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just create the animation you sketched, with&nbsp; shapes, text, and graphics. For our example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might look something like this. Once you’ve&nbsp; got your design set, add some animations. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s it! Keep in mind, if you want to&nbsp; add some zoom-ins to them in the edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; export the video in a higher quality. Or it may&nbsp; look like this. That works for simple animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you want to edit like a pro, it’s time to&nbsp; dive into… After Effects… But here’s your warning.&nbsp;&nbsp; This route gets much more complex than Canva. So&nbsp; it’s okay to freak out if it’s your first time&nbsp;&nbsp; using it. Every editor has been there. Honestly… I&nbsp; think I'm still freaking out each time I see it...&nbsp;&nbsp; OH! Sh… There’s too much detail to explain here,&nbsp; so I’m gonna do a separate video for creating more&nbsp;&nbsp; complex animations in the future. But the idea is&nbsp; the same as Canva. Use tools like text, shapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or pen to create the base of your animation.&nbsp; Once you have something similar to your sketch,&nbsp;&nbsp; adjust them based on the voiceover. Add typewriter&nbsp; animation to texts, and trim paths to move shapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lastly, add some glow effect to make them pop.&nbsp; At least that’s what I do. It takes more time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result is next level. You can repeat&nbsp; the same process for all the other animations&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Sketch, create, animate. Until&nbsp; I make the full animation tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to do some research yourself,&nbsp; I shared some keywords and tutorials from&nbsp;&nbsp; other creators that might help. And once all the&nbsp; animations are ready, drop them to the timeline&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Line them up with your voiceover, and&nbsp; we’re one step closer to a polished final edit. By now, your timeline should be looking pretty&nbsp; solid. But here’s the thing. The first rough cut&nbsp;&nbsp; is never perfect. So if you have time,&nbsp; go back and watch it again. Trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll spot points to improve. Add&nbsp; extra animations, screen recordings,&nbsp;&nbsp; some funny memes. Sometimes I even rewrite parts&nbsp; of the script if a better idea pops in my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it’s not about just adding things. At some&nbsp; point, you’ll need to cut off useless parts. Look&nbsp;&nbsp; out for boring lines in the script, unnecessary&nbsp; footage, or bad jokes. Cut everything that doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; serve the video’s main goal. And yeah, I only&nbsp; keep the good jokes. You wouldn’t wanna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bad ones… Don’t, hey, don’t show it! So&nbsp; you added new stuff, removed useless stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s still not enough. There’s one&nbsp; more thing you need... Space. I know, I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you always heard that people’s attention span&nbsp; is shorter than a jellyfish, and if you wanna&nbsp;&nbsp; make a viral video, you’ve gotta keep up the pace.&nbsp; Get to the point as fast as possible, and move on&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next one. Because if you slow down for too&nbsp; long… you’re gonna be… boring… So cut every single&nbsp;&nbsp; millisecond where something interesting isn’t&nbsp; happening, fry people’s dopamine receptors, make&nbsp;&nbsp; them hate their life after watching your video,&nbsp; give them a heart attack… and maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; retention… But here’s the twist. Cutting every&nbsp; space may mean cutting the actual story from your&nbsp;&nbsp; video… So how do you balance it? The best way&nbsp; to summarize this point is, ‘People don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; shorter attention spans. They just have higher&nbsp; standards’. So make the stop worth waiting for… Alright, we’re done with the boring parts.&nbsp; Now it’s time to get our hands dirty. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in, just remember this. Good editing&nbsp; doesn’t mean using as many effects as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; It means using it to complement what’s being&nbsp; said in the video. So you need to resist the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to throw in every flashy&nbsp; thing you find in the effects tab. Sometimes you need to zoom in and out&nbsp; to highlight something on the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just to add a little movement to your&nbsp; video. To do that, use a transform effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; add scale and position keyframes to the&nbsp; start, move forward in the timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjust where you want the zoom to end. Sure,&nbsp; it gets the job done, but it’s not smooth at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; To make it flow better, expand the effect, and&nbsp; make the curves smoother. Much better. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's basic knowledge. To take it further, you&nbsp; need to keep the point of focus consistent in&nbsp;&nbsp; between cuts. This keeps the viewers’ eyes from&nbsp; wandering all over the place, and makes it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch. To do that, use guides. Center point,&nbsp; eye line, but my favorite is the rule of thirds.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that the main focus of each zoom&nbsp; and cut must stay at the same spot. Like this. Text in videos is a subjective choice. Some&nbsp; people never use it, some use it all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. Personally, I use it in 3 places. First -&nbsp; as a caption. Captions are the most obvious one,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I try not to slap them all over the video.&nbsp; Because it can become irritating to see a text&nbsp;&nbsp; pop every second throughout the entire time.&nbsp; So I use it where I talk about something&nbsp;&nbsp; important. Second - as a center text. Center text,&nbsp; is for moments where captions aren’t enough. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can have its own color, glow, or whatever makes&nbsp; it pop. Third - as a part of the video. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s text that becomes a part of the scene.&nbsp; Attached to a screen, a wall, or something in the&nbsp;&nbsp; background. Now, how do you actually create these?&nbsp; It’s simple. Click this text tool, click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; video, type something, and adjust its settings&nbsp; in the effect controls to match your channel’s&nbsp;&nbsp; brand. To give it a pop animation like you see in&nbsp; my videos, we’re gonna use the ancient technique&nbsp;&nbsp; of sensei Finzar. Take the transform effect, add&nbsp; it to the text, set a scale keyframe at the start&nbsp;&nbsp; around 70%. Then, move about 7 frames forward,&nbsp; increase the scale to 110%, move forward another&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 frames, and bring it back to 100. I smoothed out&nbsp; the keyframes, but there isn’t a big difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, add glow, glitch, or whatever else fits&nbsp; your style. Repeat the same for other texts as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Looking good! To save time in the future,&nbsp; select your text and animations. Right click, and&nbsp;&nbsp; save as a preset. Next time, you can just drag and&nbsp; drop that preset to a text box, and you’re done! Obviously, using a character isn’t a must. So&nbsp; if you don’t use it, just skip this part. But&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do, here’s the process. Create a head,&nbsp; or a logo with an AI image generator. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; video diving deeper into this matter if you’re&nbsp; interested. Once you got something you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; slap it onto a stock image, export the image,&nbsp; and add it to your video. Again, use keyframes&nbsp;&nbsp; to move it around, smooth out the keyframes, the&nbsp; same stuff. And of course, create presets to use&nbsp;&nbsp; it next time. By the way, if you’re looking to&nbsp; save time with some of these effects, I’ve put&nbsp;&nbsp; together a few of my presets for free. Link’s in&nbsp; the description if you want to check them out! You’ve probably noticed those fancy&nbsp; electric effects, dust, light leaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other textures throughout the video.&nbsp; They’re called overlays. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video with black background, so that you can&nbsp; change the display mode to ‘screen’, and make&nbsp;&nbsp; it transparent. You can use them as highlighters,&nbsp; transitions, or just to make your video fancier. I mostly use light leaks for transitions,&nbsp; but there are some preset packs for changing&nbsp;&nbsp; in between scenes. Like slides, shakes,&nbsp; zooms, rotations, and things like that. I don’t go too heavy on effects, but&nbsp; when I do, my go-to options are glow,&nbsp;&nbsp; 3D, transform, blur, mosaic, and things like that. At this point, I get it. You’re probably&nbsp; overwhelmed by the things you have to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a single video. That’s normal.&nbsp; But here’s the secret. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn everything at once. Just pick&nbsp; one small thing from this tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try it in your next video. Practice&nbsp; until you’re decent at it. Then take&nbsp;&nbsp; another. Then another, then another,&nbsp; and repeat. Nobody is chasing you. Now keep in mind. Just because you can use&nbsp; an effect or a transition, doesn’t mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; should. Sometimes keeping things simple is more&nbsp; effective than using every single effect you can. But no matter how great your edit turns out,&nbsp; without proper sound effects underneath,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will feel flat, and viewers will sense&nbsp; something’s missing. There are 3 main types of&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effects. Whoosh, riser, and impact. These&nbsp; are the basics, so don’t limit yourself. Based&nbsp;&nbsp; on your video, you can throw in keyboard&nbsp; sounds, gears, memes, clicks, bomb, clock,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much anything you can come up with. You&nbsp; can find all kinds of sound effects from youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paid platforms like Epidemicsound. I use a&nbsp; combination of both. Now, the technique I found&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes the process easier, is just mute&nbsp; all the other audio tracks. Watch the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add the sound effects you think would fit&nbsp; best. May sound obvious, but when I started,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing my sound designs with voiceover&nbsp; and music enabled. It wasn’t good… And don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment and combine different&nbsp; sound effects together. It may feel too time&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming and unnecessary since you can’t&nbsp; see anything visually changing in the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sound design is literally half of the video.&nbsp; So it’s definitely worth investing time on that&nbsp;&nbsp; part. And finally, lower the volume of the&nbsp; sounds, so that they don’t become annoying. We’re almost done, but the colors look a&nbsp; bit off. To fix that, I add a lumetri color&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on each clip, and change the exposure,&nbsp; contrast, saturation, and things like that. Alright, so mastering the basics and improving in&nbsp; all those skills with every video is essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's where a lot of channels fail. At&nbsp; one point, they stop trying anything new. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the channels, where each video feels&nbsp; like the exact same copy of the last 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s the recipe for failure.&nbsp; Now, I have to admit something... I&nbsp;&nbsp; still don’t know 90% of the stuff in editing.&nbsp; And neither does anyone else! But the key is,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you learning with every video? If you keep&nbsp; trying new things each time, and that gap between&nbsp;&nbsp; what you know and what you don’t know will slowly&nbsp; get smaller. Sure, it will never go down to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s the point. Most people are stuck&nbsp; here forever. And even if you’re here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can overtake them just by learning with&nbsp; each video. Because most people don’t even try… Editing isn’t just what you see in tutorials.&nbsp; There’s so much out there you can improvise&nbsp;&nbsp; or learn from others. For every video I make, I&nbsp; try something new that I could not do until that&nbsp;&nbsp; point. For my first video, I didn’t know how&nbsp; to make animations, so I tried making crappy&nbsp;&nbsp; animations with Canva. For the second one,&nbsp; I tried these electricity effects. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used After Effects for the first time, and tried&nbsp; creating an entire storyline. The list goes on for&nbsp;&nbsp; every single video. That’s why these videos take&nbsp; so much time to create. Sometimes I spend 3 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; learning a new technique to use in a 5 second&nbsp; part of my video. Most editors just do what&nbsp;&nbsp; they already know - to be more efficient. But if&nbsp; you invest 3 hours to learn that new effect, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next time that 3 hours will become 1 hour. Then&nbsp; 30 minutes, 10 minutes, then just a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once an impossible effect will become an&nbsp; ordinary thing. That’s how I learn to edit better… Sounds cool, right? But sometimes, well, most&nbsp; of the times, things don’t go as planned… How’s the masterpiece coming along? Almost done. Just adding some final touches.&nbsp; You know, little details to make it perfect. Dude, you said the same thing&nbsp; last week. And the week before… Just a few more tweaks, okay? Trust me.&nbsp; It’s gonna be the ultimate tutorial. Alright, man. But remember, sometimes&nbsp; ‘done’ is better than ‘perfect’. Oh. You sound like an AI&nbsp; generated motivational video. Just don’t get lost in details, okay? Alright, don’t worry about me. So I kept editing, applied everything I learned,&nbsp;&nbsp; even researched new techniques to take my&nbsp; video a step further. Every day, it felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like the video was getting better and better. But&nbsp; after a while, something started to feel… wrong… What the f… is going on?! Almost 60 days had passed, and I&nbsp; was still editing the same video. Wanna grab some drink? It… it feels like I’m stuck in&nbsp; a loop that will never end. What&nbsp;&nbsp; should I do? Isn’t there a tutorial for this? I mean, you’re the one&nbsp; that’s making tutorials here. You know, I’ve been watching you since&nbsp; the beginning of your journey. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know what your weakness is? You think&nbsp; that you can learn everything just by&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a tutorial about it. But&nbsp; there isn’t a tutorial for this. So, am I gonna stuck here? Look, I’m not an editor, but let me tell you&nbsp; what I know. That's the thing about anything&nbsp;&nbsp; creative you do. It’s never done. You can&nbsp; always improve it. Add a new effect. Create&nbsp;&nbsp; a better animation. Find better music. Tell&nbsp; a better story. It’s a cycle that never ends… So, how do I escape? Maybe you just need to say it’s good enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a deep breath, and press&nbsp; publish. It's good enough. Yeah, I still couldn’t fully overcome&nbsp; my perfectionism, but I’m trying my&nbsp;&nbsp; best. Even if it’s not flawless, it’s&nbsp; still gonna help someone out there. More than you know. Sometimes it’s better to&nbsp; see the process. Not only the right things,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the mistakes as well.&nbsp; That’s what makes it real. Dude, I didn’t finish my motivational speech… Don’t worry… They get it… Alright, whatever… I know, some of you were probably expecting some&nbsp; kind of secret technique that I use to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; edits stand out. While making this video, I&nbsp; thought about this a lot. But the truth is,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique doesn’t exist. I can’t&nbsp; fully explain how I edited those videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only technique was to keep learning new&nbsp; things each time. Combine different styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; draw inspirations, break the&nbsp; rules, and add something from… you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorar-wa-rodod [1 likes]: 12:24 vibing to akaza ost 🔥🔥
  2. @IsaacVargas-c3i [1 likes]: Eh yo también me llamo Isaac
  3. @squadistaken: Türkçe çeviri 0.55 MUAZZAM OLMUŞ :D :D
  4. @SelamCahiller: ONUR NACİ :d
  5. @junaidkhoda: Nice 👍
  6. @yahyazadeTvo: ruhi çenet ve onurnaci detayları çok iyi
  7. @kinili58: @spunkram
  8. @FURYxPulsar: Onur naci öztürkler :) olmana gerek yok diyoor
  9. @ControSapiensOfficial: Suuuuuuuuuuu.....😂
  10. @HazeOsu: Thanks man, this video maybe not a fully usefull tutorial for me but its a good reminder for me, well now i know maybe what i need is not "perfect" but "It's good enough" big thanks man
  11. @dr_Fess: This is too good ,you deserve 100 Million subs 💯
  12. @muanyaking: Finzar mentioned 🎉😂
  13. @dorar-wa-rodod: What a great video!
  14. @Langkahmu-sekarang: This tutorial? ... Ah maybe this cinema , best cinema I found in yt ❤❤
  15. @soaresilva2k: That was one of the shortest videos I've ever seen—let me check if it's really 60 seconds long...
  16. @Fuzzey-DarkAndDarker: Man thanks for this video. I just recently started this bs channel about a tiny ass vid game. I only did it to overcome my destructive  perfectionism. I ve been depressed for 5 years and recently "snapped" out of it. For me the better i got the more i hated myself for failing not reaching the level i thought ive already reached. Seeing 1000 people clicked on my dumb ass video i was cutting while having a smoke and laughs with the boys on discord truely opened my eyes. Ppl want authenticity. This video of yours was authentic af my man. Shout out for that❤
I will start another channel for my real life stuff like crafts as knife and furniture making, sewing and cooking, some short docus and philosophy which helped me form a healthier mindset and way of thinking about my miserable self😂 im about to embrace the cringe and process of failing. Why act as if im the best while im definently not. I will buy a cam this month and start recording. My channel name will maybe be hermes if thats not already taken (pretty sure it is tho😅) if you wanna se me struggle and lose fingers or nerves. Until then thanks for the vid and wish you great fun
  17. @turkcipitiofficial: turkish dub added.
  18. @Mr.MaskedGamingOfficial: yeah same i espected a tutorial and got a boring ai scripted movie
  19. @Generic_mann: Bro made a short film on how to make cool edits ... Absolute cinema 😭🙌❤💐
  20. @rdx7ip: 🇧🇷

- Channel update: my a** exploded / Henry Cavill batrep / where's Hatty? / YouTube is brainwashing you: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, hey. It's Guy. Um, how you doing? I'm in the middle of doing what was supposed to be this week's video. And, um, it's taking a bit longer than I thought it would take. This is a very, very large model made almost entirely of MDF. And there's like 40 A4 sheets of the stuff, probably about a thousand parts, and I'm freaking [snorts] out a little bit [laughter] because it's way more difficult than I thought it would be. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to have a little coffee break and make another video for this week, which is basically going to be a channel update. Topics include my ass exploding, how YouTube is brainwashing you with negativity, what happened to the Titanic unclean one, where's Hattie, and did Henry Caval ever get back to you? Um, uh, we'll talk about those. It's not necessarily in that order, but um, I've got some notes on my phone, but this is unscripted. I'm just going to chat away and editing guy is going to have to deal with this later. [music] I hate this guy. Uh, coffee number four and it's like 20 to 11 in the morning. It's going well. Okay, topic number one. I think uh a lot of you probably have noticed that in the last few months um I've put out fewer videos than normal and and quite a lot of the videos that I put out have been kind of obviously easier for me to make like unboxings and things like that. Uh there's a couple of reasons for that. One of them like boring lifey stuff and the other one kind of terrifying but hilarious. The boring lifey one is that my kids are four now and they started school in September and I'm now doing like Wednesdays to Fridays or Wednesdays to Saturdays alternating. So it's kind of like half and half. But that means I'm doing school runs three days a week, which like knocks about two or three hours off each of those work days. So, I just have less time to work at the moment, unfortunately. I'm trying my absolute very best to give myself Saturdays and Sundays as my weekends now and do no work for like the first time in my adult life. I think I've always worked weekends, but that's not going particularly well so far. I'm trying to find a new sort of work life balance. So, um just like bear with me while I kind of get to grips with my new schedule. The other reason there was a little bit of a break in me putting out videos was I had a bit of a health scare. Now, most people probably wouldn't want to talk about this in front of thousands of people, but to be honest, uh I wish someone had told me about it because uh I feel like it might have helped me. Maybe uh I didn't even know this thing existed. So, if you don't want to hear something gross and like horrifically painful, skip forward in the video a little bit. There might be like chapter markers down at the bottom. If you want to hear about my pain and suffering though, let's go. I have warned you. Okay, just FYI. So, a couple of months ago, I started getting like a pain in my butt, like in my butt. And from past experience, I knew it wasn't anything like prostate related because unfortunately I've had to deal with that in the past before. That was annoying. It was a different kind of pain that I hadn't felt before. I went to the doctor, saw a nurse practitioner, and they were like, "It's piles." I was like, "Well, sure, why not?" So, I got medicated for that. and they said, "Come back in a week if it gets worse." And oh boy, did it get worse. Um I came back a week later, saw a doctor, and they gave me an extremely thorough examination and um basically said they weren't sure, maybe a fissure, and uh really sorry to disappoint everyone, but I hadn't got up to any activities that may have caused a fissure. So um I was a little bit confused. Got medicated for that, did nothing. A few days later, I was at the point of excruciating agony. I couldn't sit down. I couldn't lie down on my back. I couldn't drive. I was pretty useless for a good few days. And I asked my friend aunt for a lift to go to accident and emergency, which is like ER in the US. While I was waiting for him to come and pick me up, [music] uh, my ass exploded. And what was later diagnosed at the hospital was that I had had what is called a peranal abscess. Uh, I [snorts] told you this was gross. Okay? Don't say I didn't warn you. You're watching this because you chose to carry on. You could have skipped. You could, you still can. Okay, I'm going to tell you more. So, a peranal abscess is basically an infected hair follicle and it like builds up a big horrible nasty abscess. Absolutely excruciatingly painful. I've experienced a few things that people consider as the most painful thing they've experienced like a dislocated shoulder and gout. And uh this was worse than those. it it's kind of hard for me to demonstrate where the actual abscess was, but um there [laughter] the exploding though was just the start of the pain because uh every day for 2 weeks the hole that was left behind had to be stuffed full of gauze uh so it wouldn't like seal up and start getting gross again. And like that that was administered with no anesthetic or anything. They just like stuff being stuffed in a raw hole inside you. Absolutely 100% would not recommend. Everything's fine now. Healed up super well. Um, why am I telling you this? Why am I telling you this? Essentially, because I don't want you to get it. And there are things you can do to mitigate your risks of actually getting one of these yourself. So, uh, here is a list of the things that make you higher risk of getting this. being a man. H being hairy, being overweight, having a sedentary lifestyle, sitting down for your job. [laughter] I mean, some of those things you can't really do anything about, but there are two things that I definitely can change. I can obviously put in more effort into losing weight. I used to be like 135 kg like 5 years ago. I went down to about 96, 97 by eating no carbs at all for like 2 years. It was great. I felt great. But since the kids were born, I've basically just been a bit lazy with it. And I basically put on like a kilogram every two months since they've been alive, which [laughter] isn't a great direction to go in. So, just need to get on top of that. But the other thing I could definitely change is just by standing up more. My job and nearly all of my hobbies and things I enjoy involve sitting down or lying down. But I've always been slightly jealous of my friends who have standing desks. So, I immediately bought one for my editing room from Flexis Spot. But as I was standing, I couldn't sit down. As I was standing in uh the accident and emergency waiting room, uh typical content creator, right? I was on my phone emailing Flexispot to ask if they would be interested in sponsoring a video. [laughter] Basically, they said they wouldn't sponsor it, but what they would do is they would send this one that I'm using right here to me if I just did a little review in a video. So, I'm just going to do that right now because I think that's a worthy trade. The first one to arrive was the E7 Pro, the one I actually ordered off the Flexis Spot website. And that was to replace my current editing desk, which was basically just a dining table, which was honestly too big for the room, and I ended up just using it as a dumping ground for stuff all the time. Uh, my pal Charlton came over to help me build it because I wasn't super mobile at the time, and he put it together really, really fast, even with Nessa constantly trying to distract him. I actually chose one of the smaller desktop sizes so that it just fitted the things that I actually need like monitors, peripherals, a notepad, and a place for drinks. And that's it. So, I stopped literally dumping everything on it. And as I said, I bought this with my own money. So, I'm just going to tell you about it. Even though it's a two-legg, the base is incredibly solid and bottom heavy, making it feel very stable. It's got memory slots for different heights so that you can figure out your perfect height and then you can just flick between presets for different activities. And you can also lock it too, which is handy because my kids would 100% just make this thing go up and down all day if they could. The thing is though, the E7 Pro is one of Flexis Spot's pricier options. So, I was interested to see how the cheaper E1 Plus One Piece would compare, which is the one that Flexispot kindly sent me to use in the studio. And it's honestly really good. It was just as simple to build. Took about half an hour. I think a helped me build it this time because of the aforementioned excruciating butt pain. It has practically all the features of the E7 that's about twice the price minus a few small things. The more budget friendly E1 Plus has about half the weight capacity, but honestly, if you're not table mounting your computer with, you know, like a triple monitor setup, it won't matter. Both of them also have anti-colision systems which stop the motor if something gets in the way. And it has the same easy to configure height presets that the more expensive desk does as well. It doesn't have the child lock though, so just something to bear in mind. Like I bloody love solid wood, but there is a time and a place for laminate and this is one of those times because it'll be way easier to wipe clean. And uh I don't know if you've noticed, but I am not the neatest hobbyist. So yeah, super impressed by both desks, but honestly, there's a few different types to choose from. Uh, the easiest way to figure out what would work best for you is to just take a quick look at the Flexispot storefront on Amazon, and you can find all the details and compare each model there. Some of the desks also come bundled with accessories, but I've already got a few that I use, like under desk power supplies and stuff to hold hobby tools. So, I just bought some cheap 20 mm wood screws to reattach all the stuff I used before. By using the link in the description, you'll let Flexis Spot know that I sent you and I'll get a little kickback from them at no extra cost to you, which is a really great way to support the channel. So, if you're interested in one for your home or even for your office if you're tempted to sort of stand more while you work, try and be a tiny tiny bit healthier and also hopefully mitigate the risk of the horrific thing that I had to experience happening to you. Check out the link in the description and see what awesome things you can find in the Flexis Spot Amazon storefront. So, my old desk, the one that used to be in here, obviously got dismantled. that's currently in my garage. But I thought that rather than just selling it on Facebook Marketplace, there might be someone out there in the UK who might actually want that desk because it's got like Midwinter Minis heritage. It's been in like hundreds of videos. It's been in loads of fun thumbnails. I'll stick it on eBay. One pound starting price. Uh no delivery fee. I will drive it to you within reason. [laughter] But yeah, if uh if you win it, we can figure it out, right? >> Not quite cold yet. Second topic uh and a sort of trend that I'm seeing on YouTube at the moment which is kind of rougher easier to make essentially more genuine content is seems to be doing a lot better than highly polished bigger projects and I've kind of noticed that on on my channel as well recently too and it will maybe kind of affect how I create videos going forward I suppose. So for this little segment of the video I'm going to show you some stats to actually show you what I mean including like viewership details and like the actual money I make from certain videos. So, the video where we painted the massive emperor class DSA Titan with my friend David, that was like a full week of work and it involved multiple people uh working on the project for that week. And as of right now, that video has made £450. The video where I did the unboxing of the War Games exclusive uh blind bits boxes, that basically took me an hour and a bit to record. And then [music] the next day, I just edited it. It was pretty quick to make. It was pretty quick to put out. I did it when the kids had just started school and they were only doing an hour a day. So I had almost no time to actually work. But that video made £640 for, you know, realistically about 20% of the work. I mean, for the Emperor Titan video, it was really only thanks to the sponsorship that video had from Warmag that that video actually made any money at all instead of making a loss from like the materials and fuel and and like rent of this place. which is just a reminder, I suppose, that the best way, honestly, the best way to support this channel if you like the videos that I make is just through Patreon. So, here's some stats for last month on the channel. The channel got 1.2 million views, uh, entertaining people for £71,000 hours. That's 8 years of like constant watching. And from that, that month, the channel itself earned £2,300. So, I'm sorry if that like breaks the illusion that someone who has like almost half a million subscribers must be some kind of millionaire, but no, it's very normal wage. But if you run the numbers, that would mean if you support the channel for £2 a month, that is the equivalent of watching over a,000 [music] Midwinter Minis videos during that month. And if you support on the credits crew tier, not only do you get your name at the end of the videos, but you're also effectively watching, how many is it? 2,600 Midwinter Minis videos during that month, which is basically just having the channel running constantly in the background. Uh, it basically means that I'd probably be gearing the channel slightly towards making simpler videos, maybe painting single miniatures rather than squads or showing how to paint, you know, whole armies in a speed painting fashion, cuz even though it's fast, it still takes time to actually paint everything and then make the videos. And unfortunately, if I can get the same amount of views for just painting one dude, it it just makes sense to do that. Okay, next up, uh let's talk about competitions and winners and stuff like that. A couple of months ago, I put out a video about uh using space marines in Necroander and how they make more sense in that game than they do in 40k. And we auctioned off the five Imperial Fist style totally unique space marines uh for the charity Calm, the campaign against living miserably, which is like a a suicide prevention and mental health charity. They do exceptional work. And they went for just over 400 quid, which was amazing after eBay fees. That was £3896p going to K. Before we donate that though, I've got a couple of other videos that acrue money sort of passively for charity. So, let's update those as well. First one being where I painted the cobra style Terminator model. That was ages ago, like four years ago. And each year at the start of September, I donate 50% of what that video made to the same charity, KHN. And in that most recent one-year time period, it adds up to £67.33. So 50% of that would be £3367 rounding up. So that's going to be bringing the total so far to £422.73. And the last one that I'm donating from is the video where I challenged Henry Caval to a game of 40k for charity. Um, in the same time period of the last year that only made um 224. So, a little update on that, I suppose. Um, long story short, he never got back to me. It was a long shot. It was a long shot. I admit that, but I thought it'd be a cool way to make a bit of money for charity. Um, and there was a story there. Like, we're from the same tiny island like when we were born that the population was like 65,000. We went to rival schools. were like one year apart in age. Um, I thought there was a story there. I thought it could have been fun, but never mind. It wasn't meant to be. Um, with all respect, Mr. Caval, the offer is rescended. Uh, I think honestly it's like time to move on. I've taken that video down. It doesn't really get any views anymore. It's not making any money for charity. But I will donate the tiny remainder that it made this year to KHN as well. I think that's probably the best thing to do really. Otherwise, I'm just going to feel like the person that asked someone out who is like way out of their league and I'm still waiting for like a maybe text 4 years later. Um, so in total that is £424.97. I'll just call it £425. Going to calm to help them carry on the amazing work that they do. Had a little break. Uh, built some more of this thing. Chatted to a couple of friends. Uh, so next topic, the Titanic Uncle one, Colossal Rockfather and Where's Hatty recently. Those two things kind of go hand in hand. Uh, I don't know if you noticed, but uh, a few weeks ago I put out a Colossal Rockfather compilation video, which is like a 2-hour long thing with no mid roll ads. So, it's the perfect thing to put on while you're hobbying or doing something else, maybe having a little uh, sleep. Who knows? In that video, I already explained the situation, but to be fair, it's like right at the end of that 2-hour video, so maybe you missed it. So, to save saying the whole thing again, I'm just going to roll a clip from that video and stick it in this one. So, as promised, we raffled off this incredible model through our friends at You Could Win. We let people within the UK, uh, which it had to be for boring legal reasons surrounding raffles, uh, buy tickets for a Fiverr, and everybody that entered also got the STL download for the model [music] file, too. Uh, I headed along to Home and Eat in Bishop Storeford, which is where you could win is based, and helped Main Man Rob with the live stream giveaway, where the lucky Martin was announced [music] as the winner of the model. And a few days later, I packed up the big stinky boy into my car, nestled safely in Nessa's dog beds, and set off for none eaten. Hattie met me there, and we handd delivered the [music] colossal rockfather to his new forever home. Martin and his family were just so ridiculously lovely. They were all the best [music] kind of wonderful, arty, creative nerds. And we spent a lovely afternoon checking out their collections [music] and models and terrain. I mean, check out this awesome Orc fortress that Martin Sun had made. 100 out of 10. [music] Martin had also started printing out the STL in Titanica size. Look at this little cutie. Oh my god. Patty and I also gave Martin [music] a signed and framed copy of the rules that we used for the giant models debut battle report and brought along my vintage Polaroid [music] to get a snap for everyone to keep. A few days later, Martin also emailed me to let me [music] know that the beast had been used in his first ever outing at his daughter's tea party. Guest of honor. Absolute legend. Now, given that about 100,000 people had been tuning in each episode to actually watch the series, Hattie and I had hoped that that would kind of translate into a lot of people wanting to potentially buy tickets to own the model, we were planning on splitting the profits from the sale. This was the last big project that Hat had worked on on the channel and pretty much the only episode or series she'd been working on for the past year while she'd been working on her own channel. So, we were hoping for a big fat final figure that we could share [music] out as a a nice bonus for Hattie starting the new chapter of her life back home in the Midlands near her [music] family and friends. But we actually only sold about £380 tickets, which after fees was about £1,500 [snorts] [music] to share out, which is a lot of money. I'm not ungrateful for that, but it was only about 8% of the total available tickets sold. So, we were hoping for more, but you know, sometimes it is what it is, unfortunately. I think with the benefit of hindsight's vision being 2020, uh, raffle maybe wasn't the best idea. It probably would have done maybe better as an auction as it's the kind of thing that maybe a few people would really really really want. Uh but a lot of people are willing to admire from a distance [music] but definitely don't want to actually own it because it's massive and hideous, which was sort of confirmed by Martin's reply to me when I emailed him to let him know that he had won the competition. Oh no. [laughter] Wow, that's amazing. My wife is going to be so gross. Anyway, to make up for the shortfall in the raffle sale value, I'm going to be splitting the YouTube [music] ad revenue on this video going forward and also the money from the whaling game sponsorship of this video with Hattie. So, it'll hopefully be a nice little earner for both of us going forward as well. Bam. And we're back. Um, so obviously the big news from that segment was that um Hattie's no longer involved in the channel. It was absolutely awesome having her help uh for the last like two and a half three years with editing and merch and occasional like video co-presenting, but she has left Colchester. She's back in the Midlands freelancing doing her own thing. And I and I'm sure all of you as well uh wish her the absolute very best for what she gets up to in the future. The channel's views kind of stagnated a little bit in like 2023, 2024. We certainly weren't getting as many videos that got like 100,000 views in their first month as we used to do. As I showed you earlier on in the video, even like a good video that gets about 100,000 views, like the final episode of the Titanic Unclean One series, it did get almost 100,000 views, but it only made uh £310. You know, like with the best of intentions, no matter how you look at it, that isn't enough to sustain two people working on the same project. The sad truth of this kind of content creation is that unless there is a sponsor available for a particular video, it it doesn't make financial sense at all for it to have anyone else involved except just me. Otherwise, I just end up working for like a full week and not making any money, which is dangerous because like I have kids and I have a dog and I have, you know, rent to pay. It's obviously like not an ideal situation. It's difficult, but you know, it is what it is. And she wasn't fired or anything like that. It's just, you know, we both saw the stats and it was clear that something had to change. I am sure she will have great success doing her own thing back in old stomping grounds and I will do my best to carry on the channel by myself for the first time in like 3 years. It's kind of intimidating really, but thankfully recently the stats have been quite reassuring. Uh, the channel has already had its most views in a single year so far for 2025. And bearing in mind it's only the end of October. We've got 2 months left. That's pretty good going. 15.5 million views so far, which is crazy, but it's very relieving for me. I've also had quite a few videos be really, really popular straight out of the gate, getting like 100, 200, 300,000 views in like their first month, which is mind-blowing. But also, like in real terms, it lets me know that I've still got it. Do you know what I mean? I've been doing this for seven years. I've been doing it full-time for 5 years. And [music] a lot of people burn out in that time doing it full-time every day, you know, every workday. And most days are work days for me to be honest. And the fact that I can still make videos that are entertaining enough for people to want to watch and that I've put passion into and kind of have been authentically myself, put myself into those videos. It means a lot. It means a lot that you're here and that you're watching and that you come back for more. So, thank you so much. I think talking about popular videos kind of leads on quite nicely to the next point, which is how YouTube is probably brainwashing you with negativity and how you can mitigate that. So, you probably already saw uh earlier this year I made two videos. One called Warhammer is the best it's ever been and the other one called Warhammer is the worst it's ever been. [music] Same style, same editing, same care put into the videos themselves. Practically the same thumbnail, exactly the same titles apart from one word. But the difference in how they performed on YouTube was uh striking. So I'll put some stats on screen for you. Uh the negative video got more than twice the views, twice the watch time, over double the revenue, and about twice the number of new subscribers. And that's not because it was better. As I said, both videos had, I think, equally strong premises and just as well researched points. It's simply down to how the algorithm works and the kind of videos that the system that's in place rewards. the for you page, which is where most people find new videos and how videos go viral, that is designed to prioritize things that get kind of quick or strong reactions. And often often that means negativity. And honestly, that's not really a surprise. It's not like some kind of grand conspiracy or anything. That's just way the system is built. But it does mean that if you're just, you know, kind of uh passively watching YouTube and just watching the stuff that appears on the homepage, you're only really going to be fed the stuff that is more dramatic and probably more negatively charged. the calmer stuff, the positive things, and even the more balanced videos, they just they just unfortunately don't get pushed by the algorithm in the same way, even if people who actually watch those enjoy them more, which you can see [music] by the uh the like to dislike ratio on those two videos. Now, just to be clear, I am really really proud of both of those videos. Uh I'm not saying this to complain. I I thought it was a really cool social experiment. Uh, and I think it was quite fun to like hold the mirror up to the Warhammer community and sort of let them see themselves in both of those videos, I suppose. But what it actually made me realize is that if I was to change my direction on my videos and start presenting in a more negative light and uh focus on the bad things in the hobby as opposed to sort of sharing my passion for what I do, making cool stuff and like painting tutorials and things like that, I would realistically be able to double the money that I make, which is kind of weird, right? I mean, also that does raise an interesting question. Like, would you be happy to go into work and just be like super negative and just find fault in every single thing and then get paid twice as much? Would you be happy with that trade-off as opposed to just going in and being yourself and getting paid what you currently get paid? I mean, let me know in the comments because it's a tricky one, right? Um, but the thing is I I can't do that. I'm just going to carry on doing what I do. I mean, like I'll occasionally like be critical of stuff in videos, but uh like by and large the content that I make is like very positive and very like passionfilled. I would I would honestly feel pretty disingenuous just making like negative content all the time cuz that's that's not me. So anyway, what I'm trying to say probably in this point is in a roundabout way, if you do enjoy the content that I make or even anybody else, if you enjoy any particular channel's output, really make sure to hit the subscribe button. And also uh there's a little notification bell which you can uh hit to like be sent notifications of when content creators upload videos. So then you can see them and you know stick them in your watch later playlist or whatever. And check your subscription feed instead of the YouTube homepage. It's a little thing on the left hand side of the homepage. You can see all of the videos of the content creators you subscribe to chronologically. And then you'll see things that you're actually choosing to watch rather than things that the algorithm is pushing on you which as I've shown is often quite negative. So, conversely, conversely though, if you're watching this uh for some reason and like you haven't watched any of my videos for ages, maybe you've like sort of drifted away from the hobby or drifted away from the channel for whatever reason, um just unsubscribe, honestly. Um I'm not going to take offense to it. Uh if you've moved on, that's absolutely fine. A thank you. Like, I thank you so much for for watching and subscribing at at whatever point you did and helping me get to the point where I am now. But I don't [music] care about numbers going down. It's it's it's just a vanity metric anyway. Um, if you don't really watch my videos or like them anymore, just unsubscribe. Uh, and I wish you all the best. Uh, and then maybe see you again in future videos. Who knows? I suppose, uh, talking about future videos neatly ties up this one because I just want to quickly talk about, um, video series that are yet to be completed. So, just sticking up for myself for a second here. I have completed the Blackstone Fortress uh speed painting series, the Warlord Titan series, the second edition Warhammer 40k set series, and was that a tank driving past? Jesus. And the Titanic Uncle series. All of those done. All of those really big projects. There are two that are currently uh outstanding. The first one, obviously, Hero Quest. Um, essentially just one video left, the painting of the heroes, and maybe like a transport and storage solution video, and then also maybe a let's play video because Hero Quest is a really fun game, and we always have loads of fun when we play as a group. So, um, I'll probably include that one, too. The reason why I haven't finished the Hero Quest series, you can probably guess from all the stuff I've said about previous videos, they just don't make money, and this is my job. The last the last few Hero Quest painting videos made about 180 quid each video on average. And it takes days. Like you need to sort of prep everything. You need to plan what you're doing. You need to actually paint the stuff. You need to uh record it. You need to collect the footage, write a script, record the script, edit it all down, be entertaining, uh like get it out there, actually publish it, and do all the social media stuff surrounding it. That takes time, like 2 3 days for a video that like that that's sort of like 15 minutes longish. And uh yeah, like 180 quid is lovely to have, but it it doesn't pay me for that time that I spend on that. So, that being said, there's only one like painting episode left and I just got to suck it up and do it. Uh, I do have quite a fun plan for it though, so hopefully you'll really enjoy it when it does come out. The other one, obviously, the start collecting death match now, the Warhammer 40,000 deathmatch, and I know I spoke about that in the last channel update last year, and since then, I've only released one more episode. Um, I promise I will finish it. It won't be this year, but I will finish it. What I'm going to do is get my friend Mikey from Helltorm Wargaming to come down from the Midlands to Colchester to help me film those. Uh, and basically like be my opponent and we're just going to absolutely smash through all of the games and then I'm going to spend that month editing them and putting them out. So, it'll be like a tournament within the month, whichever month it will be. But yeah, once it happens, it'll be fun and it'll be fast and it'll be sort of much more frequent and then it'll be done. And then I can go back to just making normal battle reports because I feel like they're more fun anyway. you can have like more narrative fun. Uh anyway, that's probably the end of the ramble. Uh have I got anything else? Yes, hold on. I've got the Midwinter Minis paint set. This is a prototype, but yeah. Um 14 paints, really, really high quality from TT Combat. This is like 6 years in the making. I've been really really discerning and quite exacting when it comes to uh what paints I was actually going to use. And these are the ones that ticked pretty much all of the boxes that I had for what I wanted to do. There's no like useless plastic packaging inside. you know, my face isn't on each bottle to like bump up the price. Uh, they're just really, really good paints. The selection that I chose from the like the speed painting Blackstone Fortress color palette all the way back in the day, it's basically this. Um, so you can follow along to any of my speed painting videos. There's also a booster set which has like other paints that I use quite often in videos as well. So, if you get this one, you can follow along with most stuff. If you get both of them together, you can basically paint anything I paint on the channel. And also super fun, you can now pre-order these from Whan Games as well, not just TT Combat. So, uh, which might be more beneficial if you're like overseas or you want to just like buy loads and loads of stuff, uh, from different manufacturers and [clears throat] also this at the same time. Anyway, I'll leave all the relevant links and things in the video description. Uh, and the links for the, um, Flexis Spot Amazon storefront as well. So, if you want to take a little look, treat yourself to a standing desk, hopefully avoid any um uh Yeah, I'm not going to go into that again. That was embarrassing enough. Um, thank you so much for watching. I need to crack on with this. Uh, try and get it done for the end of the month. Wish me luck. [laughter] Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dalekinder1923 [1 likes]: Hey Guy. Only a quick message. Warhammer is something I have always had high interest in but never committed to the hobby, maybe because as a kid, my parents wouldn't buy me any. Anyways... I discovered your channel just after New Year and I've watched your channel every evening for around 3-4hrs a night and you're helping me out a lot. I suffer from life long chronic depression, anxiety, ADHD and whatever else is wrong with my brain. Your calming voice, calming videos and energy for the Warhammer universe, brings a lot of peace to me and you have made me feel so calm and warm this last month and helped me through a period of the year (let's be honest here, it's a 12 month thing) that I find very bleak and lonely. So yeah, I just want to thank you for your channel, thank you for what you're doing and thank you for reassuring me that everything is ok and painting up little miniatures of futuristic, sci-fi clerics, is a great way to spend your limited time on this rock. So thanks to you Guy!
  2. @Ironicong [1 likes]: Why are you talking about your asshole in a warhammer hobby video
  3. @owenasbassett [1 likes]: Amazing vid!
  4. @eronth [1 likes]: Small scale battle reports are, hopefully, quick to make and edit. Obviously planning time with an opponent is a mess, but those are ideally a fast way to occasionally show off armies you've painted in-action.
  5. @jamesnorth7318: so happy man this came up in my feed. your the most genuine easy to watch YouTube guy I've seen. And being your age and being a bimge watcher, is really really saying something.
plus the being realistic about the money is actually so refreshing to see. i haven't bothered my hole to like videos in years! Your a great man.

first time in history an Irish man has commended an English man :)
  6. @buntyman1053: 3:23 6 months late, but anyone reading this: you don’t need to get up to “activities” to get a fissure, just being constipated will do it
  7. @whitenknight2: Thanks so much for the desk recommendation. Just ordered one! Mentioned your channel in my order.
  8. @keez5671: 5 months late since I don't stay up to date on youtube channels.. On the algorithms: I love the positivity on this channel. After watching this channel update, I have decided to subscribe to your Patreon - To do my part in keeping positivity economically viable😂 
Keep up the good work and the high spirits, Guy!
  9. @ConDor-e7z: I wasn't warned enough
  10. @derpsiroop1884: 13:11 ...
  11. @BurgandyNews: When you talked about making the 2 videos about Warhammer being the best and worst its ever been. ill tell you why the worst Warhammer has ever been, is the more popular video because people watch that to see if they can learn something that didn't know about. Saying the best its ever been when people know already the great things about Warhammer why would they watch it? no one ever mentions these things they just say  Youtube is trying to do this to you..... no that's not true, maybe think about for more than 2 seconds
  12. @SarajevoKyoto: Had an inguinal cyst for much the same reasons (sitting, hairy region, etc), and while it thankfully didn't abscess, when it burst I was treated to the lovely smell of rotting flesh and week-old blood. Felt so much relief though.

Finally, as an ER worker myself, perineal abscesses are ALWAYS lovely. Glad you got to feeling better!
  13. @imleeanthony2803: Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy either, what's the world coming to.
  14. @JDsTableTop: Only just watched this video after 2 months! lol my self and a guy I worked with had one of these abscesses and can validated your claim that they are horrendous! Was one of the worst things I’ve ever had, I was lucky mine busted and healed up with antibiotics and didn’t need to be packed with gauze.
  15. @Penniwhistle: Seeing this way late, but as a teen I had tetanus and nearly lost my leg. Giant hole in my shin. Months of gauze being stuffed into my leg hole. I feel your pain entirely brother
  16. @RedHeadHurricane: Ouch Guy. Ouch. Not the t-shirt you want.
  17. @HannahWoolley-u7u: Your story is LITERALLY (word for word) what my partner experienced a few months back, and he was in agony; It broke my heart to see him in so much pain, and I hope neither of you have to experience it ever again! 🙏🏻 Side note: my partner was watching this video while I was winding yarn and stopped when I heard your story and I said to my partner "This sounds awfully familiar... I know where this is going!" 😅
  18. @AK-sq9nn: I may have hints as to why the channel stagnated for the last 2/3 years... and is now back on track :)
  19. @amazonwarlord: I am so glad you chose positivity. I just retired from my job. I was going to work another 2-3years years but the work environment itself became extremely unpleasant and negative. It was ruining my health - both mental and physical.  I will probably be taking a loss of about half of what I was making. But I am already happier and healthier.  Negativity will kill you. Or if it doesn't kill you, it'll make you feel like you wish you had never been born. That's bad. Very very very bad.
Kudos to you. I subscribe to your channel.But I don't watch as many videos  on hubby stuff, as I used to. Part of that is because I live in a country that is heading towards a dictatorship and have been trying to keep myself educated on what's going on. Talk about negativity....

Now that I have more time on my hands, i plan to actually do something positive about the situation that I am living in. But not only that, i plan to get more involved in my hobby. I really enjoy your videos a lot. Knowing your situation as I do now, I am going to make a concerted effort to watch more of your videos and those of other content creators that I enjoy. 

Being educated on how youtube pays out its creators will help shape how I watch videos. I have a premium membership because I do watch so much stuff on youtube.But now I will do so with greater intent. Thank you for always being yourself and being genuine. 

By the way, I absolutely loved your video on space marines in necromunda... Kicked ass., it did.
  20. @InnuendoOutTheOther: I imagine Henry's PR people would have vetted you well and proper

- I Changed My Thumbnail on YouTube & My Video Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en I changed my thumbnail on YouTube because I wasn't getting any views but I really believe that this video was great and I spent a ton of time editing it to make it really good so I checked the retention graph and I noticed that 83 of the viewers were still watching at 30 seconds and I noticed that the average view percentage was at 58 so I realized that it wasn't a bad video it either just wasn't getting clicked on or YouTube wasn't putting it in front of the Right audience so I made a few different thumbnails and then I decided which ones were best and I started to a B test these thumbnails on the video and then slowly over time it started to just get a little bit more views the click-through rate started to increase until it finally took off this video now has 1.5 million views and I would have never seen that if I didn't change my thumbnail and I want to show you how you can do the same thing you got to just press record no matter how many times you change your thumbnail or your title the YouTube algorithm really doesn't care all they care about is if your click through rate is going to go down or up the hope is that you change your thumbnail and that click-through rate is going to increase and then eventually you're going to get more views because of this now truly there's four signs that I look for when a b testing thumbnails on my videos the first sign is if a video has a high retention in the first 30 seconds of the video you can see this inside of your YouTube studio so if your video is not getting a lot of views but there is a high retention in those first 30 seconds and you're hooking people into the content this could be a great video to a B test number two is if the total average view percentage of your video is higher than normal this is a great sign that you might have a great video and you just need to change out your thumbnail or title and find a new way to package this out so more people can click on it the third sign is if your video has a ton of Impressions but a low click-through rate this means YouTube is recommending your content like crazy maybe it's a great topic maybe it's timely but people aren't clicking on it and number four I love to a B test my thumbnails on videos that are in the first 24 hours if they're not performing like usual or as good as I think it can and this is a great way way to quickly increase the views on that video by finding a better thumbnail and to a B test these thumbnails I use this website called thumbnailtest.com but I want to show you guys how to use this software the best way possible so you can decide which thumbnails you should be using because you don't just want to look at the click-through rate there's a few other things you want to look at as well but first I wanted the extreme yard for sponsoring this video If you're looking to live stream or even start a video podcast on YouTube We highly recommend stream yard because of how easy it is to use and how professional it looks my favorite thing about stream yard is how simple it is to invite guests onto your show you can send them a link they don't even need to sign up they just click the link and then you can bring them onto your live stream as simple as that stream yard is free to use but if you want to unlock a ton of really cool features and you want to get started for 14 days for free go to streamwiththink.com or check the link out in the description alright let's get back into the video the first thing you want to do is create an account and log into that account once you connect your YouTube channel you're going to see all of your videos right here here and you simply just need to click on what video it is that you want to test once selected you're going to hit next step and then from here you can upload the thumbnail that you want to test now you are able to upload up to 10 different images and then each image is going to run against the original thumbnail so they can compare all of them together but I typically find just because it is super quick I like to do it one at a time once you hit next and go to this page you're going to have a few different options if you want the most accurate test results and maybe your video is a bit older I do recommend changing the test speed to daily but if you're trying to move quick and you just want to see some simple statistics to see how it Compares then you're going to want to change this back to hourly which is what I do when I'm testing in that first day and then lastly all you need to do is hit run test now we're going to see that the test has started and I don't have to do anything I don't need to go into YouTube and change anything it's going to change my thumbnail my title whatever it is that I changed automatically for me and then at the very end all I need to do is grab my results and then compare each thumbnail and see which one performed better better this is a test I did on my basketball Channel and we had a thumbnail that was tested right here on the left and on the right and I was seeing which one was going to be better we're going to look at click through a and we can see that the click through rate when we have 4.17 versus 6.07 which is a pretty big difference to put that into perspective if you got 10 000 Impressions that would be the difference between 400 views and 600 views and here's the other thing that really really matters which is your average view duration and the reason you want to look at this and you can see these are only two seconds different basically the same but if it's like 30 seconds a minute plus difference you really want to look at that because that can really hurt if your average view duration drops because of your thumbnail change and the reason that happens typically is because the thumbnail doesn't match the content it might be a little clickbaity or it just doesn't resonate with the actual video based on the viewers expectations and so sometimes they'll click on the video and they'll click right off because it's not what they wanted and you can see right here underneath this we have that metric right here average view duration times clicked rate YouTube Studio doesn't even give you this so I love that this software gives you this formula and you can see how much higher this one on the right is and that is a great sign that this is a better combo for the video now this video has been out for almost a week and it has 481 000 views now if I want to change the click-through rate and I would have left it around four or five percent of a click-through rate this video would have only gotten 245 000 views so with all of those extra views added onto this video that's an extra 1225 dollars that this video generated now of course you need to know how to create a good thumbnail that's going to get clicks and so if you click on the screen you can watch that video right now and I'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [11 likes]: Did you find this video helpful? Let us know your biggest takeaway below! ⬇ 
🔥 Get a 14-Day FREE Trial of StreamYard HERE ➡ http://StreamWithThink.com
  2. @agingintobeauty [1 likes]: I changed my thumbnail, leaving everything else the same - within an hour my view count changed to half of what it was originally! How is this possible? Is this common?
  3. @DielectricFailure: My other channel is just past 800 subs. My last year of using that channel, I realized I’d put about 6 hours in per video on average. I only made 100 subs in the last year. I want to revisit it and change my thumbnails as this was what a few friends said was one weakness.
  4. @Anamericanhomestead: This is just bullshit. Why can't YT just serve my vids to subscribers?  Who has time for this kind of additional work?
  5. @YonnBurgos: Great tips! I'm on that journey right now. Cheers!
  6. @whatteesaid: ❤
  7. @philipj.sherman2987: 4:08 Nolan, you skipped over something when talking about the CTR.
I see there's a big difference, but I don't know which number is better.
Can you please explain whether you want the number to be higher (10 or above), or you want it to be closer to zero?

Thanks.
  8. @tropicshade: How soon is too soon to change a thumbnail?
  9. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value !
  10. @HuntersRuggedOutdoors: what is the video that got 1.5M views?
  11. @JuanCarlosOrdoñezz: confusing dud. you did not show the test.
  12. @Hello123-p9n: Man I only have 8 views
  13. @drivingdaily582: Just refreshed a thumbnail on one of my videos...thanks
  14. @BibleRevelation2012: How does this work if your video is not in the top 200 results!
  15. @CatCatflix: My problem is that my videos are never recommended. I created this channel a long time ago and put content on it, but then I stopped posting for a long time, and now I returned to the channel and deleted all the videos that were on it and started creating new content related to cats, but the videos are never suggested. Even the few views I have are from YouTube search . Is there a solution to this problem or is it better to open a new channel?
  16. @ZombieOps552: I am using vidiq and it’s helping
  17. @zsofiajager9152: Köszönöm 😊
  18. @FitnessSolutionsPlus: Should you change your thumbnail based on time or impressions? Let's say you have a small youtube channel, and it only got 30 impressions in the first hour. Should you change the thumbnail, because it's been an hour (assuming it's underperforming), or should you wait longer, because it's only been 30 impressions? If it's the latter, how long should you wait?
  19. @Dheeru_vlogs.1234: Nyycc video
  20. @RickTv631: Can you do a video showing how to connect the rodecaster?

- My Ear Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] All right, tomorrow's the big day. Going to meet my fans. Got to rest up and be ready to do the best meet and greets ever. Surely nothing bad will happen to me before then. Hi, I'm Bryson and this story revolves around my ears. And if you take a look at the Bryson character sheet, you'll notice that while the young versions of me have ears, the current version doesn't because I don't listen. But for the purposes of this video, whenever we're talking about my ears, I'm just going to do that. As I was preparing for VidCon, my ear started to hurt a bit. I had a feeling it was an ear infection, so I took some medication and hoped it would clear up before the con. My family and I flew out, started setting up the booth, and then ate dim sum together. The next day, we finished setting up and began relaxing in the pool to prepare for the busy days ahead. My ear was still feeling funky, but I thought it was no big deal and would heal up with my trusty eardrops. I was happy. I was content. And the universe laughed. I went to bed blissfully ignorant of the horrors that lay ahead. In the middle of the night, I was stabbed awake by a horrible pain that felt like this. Can you stop? In summary, it hurt a lot, but I was still in denial. It was just a tiny ear infection. I wrestled with the pain for what felt like an eternity, trying desperately in vain to fall back asleep. Eventually, I just started silently weeping. And then, out of frustration, I punched my mattress, which woke up Brener, who was sleeping on the top bunk. That's a testament to how much pain I was in. Since Brener sleeps so heavily, he could nap through an earthquake. That's not hyperbole. He slept through a real earthquake once. What's wrong, man? My ear hurts. Why didn't you wake anyone up to help you? I I didn't want to be a burden. Planning your funeral would be a burden. You're going to the hospital. Brener woke up my parents and they took me to the ER. The doctor looked in my ear and said, >> "Yep, your eardrums ruptured." >> I was shocked. I always assumed that if your eardrum ruptured that you would go deaf in that ear, like in the movies when a gunshot goes off. But since I could still hear, I just assumed it couldn't be that. and I had no idea what had caused it. Apparently, eard drums can rupture spontaneously, which is awesome sauce. It's also possible that I had an ear infection which weakened the eardrum and caused it to rupture. And going swimming the day before certainly didn't help anything. Then the doctor let Brener, mom, and dad look in my ear, and they all winced. Brener said it looked like a gaping hole in my head, like the eardrum was just gone. The doctor gave me medication and told me to set up an appointment with an ear, nose, throat specialist when I went home. ruptured eard drum. I hope it's not irreplaceable. I was so exhausted and in pain, all I could think about was sleep. I didn't know if I'd be able to do VidCon. We went back to the Airbnb and I slept while my family ran the booth. Everyone was asking them about me. When will Bryson be here? >> We don't know. He's feeling sick. >> Don't tell them that. They'll think that he's contagious. He's not sick. His eardrum exploded and he's in terrible pain. So, we don't know if he's gonna >> I'm never one to disappoint. And fortunately, despite my lack of sleep, my medication was working. They got me on that good stuff. And I had an earplug in to protect my ear from excess noise. And I did the meet and greet. Looking totally normal for sure. Luckily, that was my least busy day. The worst was yet to come. >> Nice to meet you. Huh? I love your videos. What? You're so funny. Say what? Sorry, I can't hear you very well. Then that night, some friends and I got to go to Disneyland briefly, and I was in the mindset of first, we'll go on cars, use the fast pass on in credit coaster, do single rider on Guardians, and then gun it to the other park. GOT IT. GO, GO, GO. But while I was trying to get us on the ride, we got a little held back because someone wanted to meet Lightning McQueen in the flesh or in the steel. >> GOOD JOB. WE GOT ON the ride and I don't know if it was a malfunction or something, but they just sent us through the ride twice. Brody was in heaven. Okay, the park's closing soon. We got to get to the Incredic Coaster. >> Okay, I'm just going to take a quick peek at the souvenirs. >> Then he bought the entirety of the gift shop. Come on. We ran as fast as we could, but it was shut down due to a malfunction. There were people stuck in their seats at the beginning of the ride. Imprisoned for all time. No. Let's try to get to the Guardians while there's still time. IT'S SHUT DOWN. NO. CALIFORNIA ADVENTURE IS CLOSED. NO. BUT DISNEYLAND is still open. We can still catch Rise of the Resistance. >> Oh my god. >> THEY'RE CLOSED. NO. >> WELL, I THINK THAT was a great trip. >> The next day, I had three meet and greets coming up, but I decided to do my best to manage the pain and play it by ear. Since I'm an introvert, meet and greets are really hard for me, but also very rewarding. It's always great to meet you guys, so don't ever hesitate to say hi. Then I did a drawing panel with some other creators. Luckily, this time we handed the drawings out to people instead of throwing them as paper airplanes. I'll never forget the first drawing panel I did. I made a funny drawing, then folded it into a paper airplane and threw it into the crowd. And the moment I let go of the plane, I knew I had made a mistake. The crowd went feral. People were jumping, pushing, and grabbing. It was nuts. But we did it for the first drawing, so we were committed to doing it for the rest of them on that panel. I'm never doing that again, I thought. But then the very next VidCon, they told us to do it. Despite my telling everyone to stay calm and stay seated once we threw the planes, people were jumping out of their seats, moshing at the front, and pushing. I'd throw an airplane, multiple people would get a grip on it, and they would all pull, ripping the drawing to shreds. It was chaos. Like guys, it's a 60-second drawing of a ham with a top hat. Chill. But luckily, this time the staff just handed the drawings out after the show. So, there was no carnage. The casualties are dropping yearbyear. Most people who meet me survive the encounter. Hi, nice to meet you. Same here. Eeny, meeny, miny, you. Thanks for coming. Bye. That night, they closed down the expo hall so that all the creators could experience all the booths. I got some free stuff and my friends asked if I wanted to go out to eat and I said, "That sounds great." Then we all went out to eat more dim sum because I'm a dim sum goblin. Pork buns, hot and sour soup, and dumplings hate to see me come. I'll tell you what. You know that food in Studio Giblly movies that you always wanted to eat? It was like that but real. I made quick work of that and got some muchneeded shutye. I was pretty tired, but luckily today I only had to do four meet and greets. They call me the meter and greeter extraordinaire. And not to brag, but I did it all with a hole in my head because my fans are the coolest and sweetest ever. They deserve a creator who will show up for them. Dried blood on your plushy is just part of the experience, guys. And now y'all know even if I broke my back, I'd still pull up. Hi, nice to meet you. Let me sign that. Do you want a picture? Yeah. Thank you. Finally, after several hours, I had done it. I went backstage and deflated in a chair. You can say no, but there's one more family that traveled a long way that missed you and really wants to meet you. And they were really sweet and understanding. And then finally, I was done for real this time. And now you know that if you met me at VidCon this year, my ear was busted the whole time. Once VidCon was over, my family and I were exhausted. But we had one more thing planned, and we were going to do it right this time. Okay, we'll show up early. Then we'll run to Nintendo World, ride Mario Kart, then while everyone else is trying to get to Mario Kart, we'll book it TO HARRY POTTER. GO, GO, GO. CAN I TAKE A look at the souvenirs first? No. Then we approached the Jurassic Park ride that warned, "You will get wet on this ride." So, I put an earplug in and bought a poncho to be extra cautious. And my dad called me a wimp, like a supportive father. Don't worry, he later ate those words along with a bucket's worth of theme park water. My body was dry and my hairo was high. All right, next ride. I did the right thing and protected myself. After all, I didn't want to be irresponsible. Also, I'm used to getting recognized at VidCon, but usually in other public spaces, I fly under the radar, so I was surprised by how many people recognize me at Universal. It was nice to meet people in a different setting. Sorry about the blood. Then, we flew home. Fortunately, my ear hadn't been hurting as much, so I stopped taking the pain medication and just stayed on the antibiotic to fight the infection. But now that I was home, I had to actually set up an appointment to see what the recovery process would be like. Would I need surgery, an ear transplant, a head transplant? How long would it take? Who knows? I dialed the number. I was going to set up the appointment all by myself, like a true adult. >> What's your insurance? >> I don't know. >> Who's your primary care provider? >> Do you at least have an ID? >> Show up in a week and we'll see what we can do. >> Crushed it. I showed up, told him what happened, and he had a device that let me look into my ear while he was. And to my surprise, it was healed. I was shocked. Two weeks earlier, when we were just learning that my eardrum was ruptured, the doctor let my family look and see, and they all said it looked like a bullet went through my head. Like, the eardrum wasn't just damaged. They said it was pretty much gone completely. So, I assumed the healing process would take much longer. But the doctor said, >> "Yeah, you're young and healthy and the body is an amazing thing. You actually healed yourself without needing us at all. Anyways, that'll be 200 bucks. >> I went from no eardrum to completely healed in 2 weeks. Are you guys hearing this? >> OH, BROTHER. THIS GUY STINKS. >> DON'T WORRY, I'LL BE ear all night. GET OUT. >> IN CONCLUSION, I HAD a great time at VidCon despite my irritating mishap. But for real, it was great seeing all the animator buddies, meeting all my wonderful fans, and getting my social interaction for the year over and done with. After all that, I think I'll go back to having no ears and not listening again. I've heard enough. [Applause] Hi guys. Did you miss me? Admit it, you missed me. I hope you enjoyed this recounting of the horrible agony I went through. This is my coping mechanism. When something terrible happens to me, I make a video about it. Honestly, not the worst coping mechanism out there. It's definitely healthier than alcoholism. Thanks to my family for supporting me. Thanks to my lovely team for their amazing artistic contributions. Thanks to my dog and thanks to you for watching. Okay, I'm going to go into hibernation now. I've always wanted to try it. Wish me luck.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oxemi_anims [1 likes]: bro became half sans half hamination 
(jokes was like sans one)
  2. @oxemi_anims [1 likes]: bro i wish i was popular like you and yeah im unlucky.
  3. @animatronic_playtimebutcher [1 likes]: I never ever went to vid con :(
  4. @Caiyrencoach0831: It’s OK one time I got an ear infection in both of my ears and it hurt bad all I did was plug my nose and I blew then that’s when it started. My ears popped then they start hurting like crazy.
  5. @christinagarcia1968: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  6. @christinagarcia1968: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  7. @Bob-51987: If your back was broken you wouldn't be able to go anywhere. Also your videos are awesome
  8. @Leilah-d3u: 8:40 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @Leilah-d3u: 5:53 imagine what it’d be like if you threw the pen you touched 😂😂
  10. @danalinmccomb5778: I will find you
  11. @qianfeiwang842: wait how can you hear without ears
  12. @jklar: it  hain  to   me
  13. @MacStudios543: bro my eardrum was punctured by pressure from a pool
  14. @RaynKim2799: Bill cipher ahh "eny meenie miney YOU" 6:15
  15. @billcastro6625: I have  one😅😅😅😅😅😅
  16. @JamireJenkins-e7k: How odds1out was there and brody
  17. @BenjaminRamirez-u9d: Brody glazes cars as much as I glaze planes lol
  18. @user-nt5nh8bx1x: Your brother has my newfound respect


I can barely sleep through a fire alarm beeping
  19. @raven_crow20157: 10:26 STOPPPPPPPPP THIS IS TO MANY EAR JOKES AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
  20. @raven_crow20157: 8:50 bro needs to stop💔💔💔

- I Paid Fiverr to Explode my YouTube Channel & This Happened: Kind: captions Language: en the last time I swiped my credit card on Fiverr this happened considering I paid a hundred dollars I don't like it too much I'll give it a 6 out of 10. so this time I'm thinking of buying some promotions on Fiverr to go YouTube viral and get rich I'm gonna take the videos that I received last time upload them to my channel and then buy promotion on the videos we're gonna buy three different levels of promotion we're gonna go cheat one a mid-range one an expensive one let's see if there's a difference in the amount of views that we're gonna get after browsing right on Fiverr for a while I came across this listing right there I will do super fast organic YouTube video promotion for 15 euros video promotion to reach a real audience of 10 000 up to 11 000 plus people I always like it when it's a real promotion this guy is gonna promise US organic engagement it complied with the YouTube rules it helps in video ranking whatever that would mean it would be a real audience worldwide and no Bots he's gonna give us 10 000 views for Google ads and he promises to do this within 10 days so let's get the credit card out and let's purchase this right here at the end of the video I'll review what are the views are real and when I'm actually going viral or not but first number two I will do professional video promotion in the USA so where the other one was supposed to be worldwide we'll find out soon this one is just based in the US this one is going to cost us 45 euros and it's going to promote our video to a real audience so that will help you rank your video on YouTube better five day delivery 20 000 people are gonna see this they've got a 4.9 star rating with over 1200 views and 10 orders into queue among our clients you can see tedx speakers which I'm not sure if that's real but if it is it sounds promising plus we can see that this person has many repeat buyers so apparently this actually works well apparently he's gonna set up a Google campaign to get us some more views through PPC advertising he's also going to promote this on social media platforms like Facebook Instagram and maybe even Tick Tock now what is interesting is that this person actually wanted me to contact him before I buy the gig which you don't see too often this person actually watched the video before promoting and offers between 1300 up to 1800 views through his service now that actually seems not so good however it seems more legit the other ones will promise you a million a hundred thousand ten thousand organic real promotionists and that this guy seems like he's legit you just give the actual numbers which would make sense so let me click continue and buy this too all right all right now it's time to spend some more money so this one right there is gonna cost us 90 Euros I will do super fast organic YouTube promotion to go viral video I always like how they make up the titles so this will promise us to go viral that's exactly what I need video promotion to reach 20 000 to 22 000 engaging audience plus gift whatever that means this person is gonna promote our video for Google campaigns backlinks iframe embedding suggested video Source ad campaigns and much more what's suit out here is that that person wanted to do an upsell when it started chatting to him they have a special gift which we only find out afterwards and they ask me how many views I expect instead of them telling me how many views I'm gonna get that's a weird one however let me spend some money for the community here we go continue and let's buy this right here several days later alright so the orders actually came in it's time to analyze the results let me tell you here's an interesting one as you can see on Fiverr two of them say they have been delivered and the Deferred one is still in progress this is the most expensive one however there are already views that are starting to come into that video These are the videos right here this video right there we use the cheapest promotion for this one was the most expensive one and this one was the mid-range one let's freak out if we actually got views I'm gonna go to analytics to see how it's currently looking and there you go that is very interesting so we're indeed getting views however it seems very unstable very fake actually as you can see we just go from zero boom up to 1.6 2.3 115 1.6 and then 188 again we did also gain some subscribers and we do have 129 hours of watch time as you can see this also doesn't look too great as there are a lot of spikes but then they simply dip down all the way to zero right after but let me tell you one video is actually doing very well right now organically starting off with the cheapest promotion this one is actually performing really well it seems to be getting views from suggested which means YouTube is actually recommending this video which is really interesting and here's why take a look at this video it is not good by any means last time in the fire video I bought this right here and this was the end result I thought it was terrible and I actually still think so however for some reason this is actually performing well if I go to analytics you can see in the last 48 hours it is actually starting to pick up some decent traffic for a video like this we've actually gained 16 subscribers which seems to be not so organic but then from here on it seems to be organic so we've gained four subscribers from this video it's also starting to pick up a lot of traffic this right there is all for the promotion and then from here on forwards which basically means we had 600 views organically through suggested videos that is so much better than I expected especially for just 15 euros as you can see this video is getting recommended on this video right here as you can see it's in the next stop section on this video right here about the death of Steve Irwin which means it's actually getting pushed it's real traffic as of right now now for just 15 euros I would rate this a 10 out of 10 service this is a great delivery and you'll know exactly why I say that as soon as I reveal the next ones this one right there costs us 45 Euros as you can see this one is extremely dead there's no traffic at all everything's fake and it's not working out well what you can see right here is that it's getting pushed right then it dies down a bit and then it's getting pushed again and then it completely flat lines now what is interesting if we go to reach and then scroll down you'll notice that all of the traffic is coming from YouTube advertising so that person didn't need do what he claimed to do he ran ads on our videos the rest stuff is coming from direct external and then it browse you want to have browse because that's where your videos get pushed 0.4 percent not good at all 98.2 for advertising is interesting so we didn't deliver what he said he would deliver so in terms of legitness it is actually real however in terms of the results for that video there's not that much happening at all it's only been a few days so technically it could still pick up however if we go to the audience retention you'll see it's absolutely horrible let's take a look at this people click off click off click off basically no one is left watching the actual video no chance that this will blow up overall not a good service I would rate it a 4 out of 10. the only reason I still give it a 4 is because he still did what he claimed to do and now it gets interesting the 90 euro one this one is horrible too take a look 2.6 K views six game subscribers 11 watch hours however as you can see picks up basically getting pushed through fake traffic flat lines fake traffic flat lines as you can see it's all external if I can go go to reach and I can scroll down you'll see this is all coming from third-party websites squarespace.com chromap fiverr.com I'm not sure exactly how they're promoting this I bet that they're just putting it on some sketchy website they redirect people to their website they pay them they click on the link and that's it if I go to the engagement and scroll down I've never seen that before that is the most horrible graph I've seen in my life and I've been doing YouTube for three years I have many successful channels this doesn't happen as you can see the audience of attention is basically just zero which is just insane considering I paid 90 Euros for this and only 15 for the first one that is actually getting me Real views this is a total scam so at the end of the day this video is getting views I want to turn this channel into a funny experiment let me know which Fiverr gig I should buy next and click this video right there if you want to learn more about YouTube automation foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thememeinvestigator [3 likes]: Thing to note is, they will definitely get you views and subscribers, but it will not count towards your public watch hours when you’re trying to apply for monetary ads
  2. @MASTERMANIFESTORMAGNETISMMONEY [2 likes]: If you saw this, too late:
I already prayed for your channel
and visualised you monetised!
Keep going.
|+|
  3. @Gameglitchers12 [2 likes]: I use reddit to promote my videos. Gets me real views by choice and turning them into loyal subscribers after watching a few videos.
  4. @WeblightDreamsStudio [2 likes]: Those last two sound and look so much like YT promotion. Its horrible as well.
  5. @ResinCreationsz [1 likes]: You must be Dutch!  Great channel!
  6. @PhilipBeck_DrBass [1 likes]: This was interesting. But does pushing one video help the channel in the long term? For sure, it brings attention to the channel, but those subscribers and views  - are they there for the ride? I'm just starting out (channel about bass)  - and would like more views. I'm hoping that consistency will help the views.
  7. @caballerocanarias5183: can you just promote your own videos on Youtube, that you gain more followers on your videos?
  8. @JustinJames_221: My mail is locked incorrectly, please review and reopen it for me
  9. @TheFuriousOne: 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
  10. @Social_Dance_Club: Wishing for all of us small youtubers to be successful ✌
  11. @dannyskitzollc: Trying to grow my active audience do you have some tips for me?
  12. @EmmxnSxvxgeonyt: Should I buy for my main channel
  13. @OlakunleOlawuni: Fiverr YouTube promotion are so good for new creators and existing one
  14. @Funivideos2172: I need YouTube monitiz Chanals
  15. @Sleepergummy1999: May anyone reading this comment achieve success on YouTube in 2025!❤✨
  16. @mds7569: Looks very gae
  17. @JesusJoyKidz: You said videos you received, why didn't you promote your own videos?
  18. @MarieSanchez-w2q: @BreezyVisions
  19. @danielwilson1105: How do these people get videos into recommended?
  20. @mamumagic: Thanks for the 11 subscribers!

- My 50 Cal Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's up everybody my name is scott and i'm going to tell you about how my 50 cal exploded and i almost bit the dust about two weeks ago so i know a lot of you are probably wanting me to explain my injuries and i'm gonna do that but i think it's best we start from the beginning i know some of you are gonna try to skip around in this video i highly recommend you stay tuned and listen to all of this but for those who are going to skip around let me clear something up first this was not the barrett that we tortured tested and this was a complete freak accident there's nothing that i did to have caused this so april 9 2021 we come out here to shoot a fire hydrant with some slap rounds using my surbu rn50 so we have the serbu rn50 with the 36 inch long heavy barrel and we're gonna go ahead and go big or go home and start out with this this is a 50 bmg slap tracer round the slot rounds tend to go a little to the right so i aimed a little to the left but this one actually hit true to where i was aiming we hit right here and you can see that thing is smoking and then we blew right through the back of this thing everything was going pretty smooth we shot the fire hydrant several times but the slop rounds were acting a little funny one of the slide rounds hit like a foot and a half low and to the right i say we hit it with one more slap round but this time aim for the thickest part of the fire hydrant and see what happens the gun was functioning normally as it always has i've been using this gun for a long time now and i've never had any issues out of it so before all this happened we took one last shot and it was actually really really cool the round was stuck out the back of the fire hydrant this is a 50 bmg silver red tip armor piercing incendiary tracer so we went through the top of the fire hydrant look at that oh my gosh it's just stuck out the back after that i decided i was gonna take one last shot with a slap round and try to hit the thickest spot on the fire hydrant so before i loaded my last slap round i know that there was no barrel obstruction because i literally found the round in the fire hydrant but this last round that i loaded into my servo rn50 was a very very hot round and i had no idea and there's really no way for me to have ever known that this round was as hot as it was so here you can see me taking the last shell casing out and now i'm loading in the slap round i screw the cap on all the way and the gun closes completely and everything is functioning as normal and one thing is something someone may mention is maybe i didn't screw the cap on all the way well you can clearly see the cap is screwed on all the way and this gun actually will not close if the cap was not screwed on all the way so everything was functioning good on the gun what i didn't know was the slap round that i put inside it was extra extra hot and i had no idea and there's really no way for me to have ever known these rounds are extremely rare and they're very old they're like a hundred dollars a piece these aren't manufactured anymore and really there's no way you can really know what's happened to them over time as they've passed hand to hand i was under the impression that these were genuine military surplus rounds and hadn't been tampered with so now i'm gonna actually show you what happened it's not graphic all the graphic stuff happened after the fact and i'm going to tell you all about that but i am going to show you what happened just so you can see what happened to me that day so when i pulled the trigger the gun exploded almost immediately so the first thing that went was this cap and this cap is solid steel and it is very very heavy if you look right here the threads are sheared off of this gun completely i spoke with mark surbu and he said that normal pressures are 55 000 psi and for those threads to have sheared off in this cap to have just blown off like that we're looking at over 85 000 psi so the cap blows off it's kind of hard to put these on because of my little nose brace i'll explain but safety glasses are on and this cap you can see this little crescent here this cab hit me right there i'm not really sure which way probably more like this but it struck me in the face when this cap hit me in the face it broke my orbital bone in three spots here here and here it also broke my nose and that's why i have this on i've had to have facial surgery to repair all this here's the really bad part though this lower normally there's these two ears that stick up right here and this is what prevents you from closing the gun when the cap's not on all the way if the cap is on all the way it will fit perfectly right here with those ears pushed up against it when the cap blew off the gun it came straight back shearing those ears off the lower one of these is still at the hospital and this is the one we found this one zipped right past my head went inside my hat blew a hole through it and took it off my head what appears seven to eight feet now the other one is what almost ended me the other air hit me right here in the throat it proceeded to lacerate my jugular vein and then punctured a hole in my right lung as for my hand my best guess is this is what did it in the video you can see that the stock almost disappears instantly i believe it came in a downward motion and hit my finger you have your natural bend in your index finger well this bone right here looked like a v so my finger looked like a big w so back to the lacerated jugular i've now been hit in the throat and i'm not really sure what happened because when this cap hit me in the face i went blind in my right eye instantly i have vision coming back now and they say my eyes should make a full recovery but in that moment i went completely blind in the side it was like i had been punched and i went backwards and i landed on all fours a lot of you wonder who is behind the camera in my videos this is my dad his name is also scott if he had not been out here with me that would have been it for me he come running up and he let me know of my injuries because i was still in a daze i've just been punched in the face by a big metal cap and he let me know real quick that there was a hole in my neck and i was losing a lot of blood really fast my dad shoved his thumb into my neck and said put your thumb there now that i'm aware of what's going on i took my left thumb i took my shirt wrapped it in my shirt and i shoved it as far into my neck as possible i was not aware that my jugular was lacerated but i did know this is really bad i have a law enforcement background and i've been trained in injuries and wounds and gunshots and things like that and i know very well that if you get hit in the neck it's not good because you can't turn to get a neck after i had plugged the hole i applied extreme pressure pinched my head down into my hand and made a run for the truck so the truck here was right near us there's a trailer attached i had to run around the front i jumped in the passenger seat dad jumped in and we took off and this all happened in a matter of seconds i would say under a minute we were in that truck and just hauling tail into town something i forgot to mention this upper weighs like 25 pounds and you can see in the video that it just gets thrown off the table so much pressure came out the back of this upper that it launched it off the table it's an insane amount of energy that was thrown into my body so now we're driving very fast into town i am applying constant pressure to my and i'm breathing very slowly trying to control my heart rate because the faster your heart rate the faster you're going to bleed my dad's driving so i thought it would be nice of me to call the ambulance my dad didn't agree with this but i wanted to do it myself because i wanted to try and stay awake i needed to be doing something to keep myself conscious if you have an iphone there's this nifty little feature on the side here and if you hit that button one too many times it'll call 9-1-1 can be kind of annoying when you're trying to shut off your alarm in the morning but when there's a lot of uh bodily fluids on your phone and you can't open it it comes in really handy i got on the phone with and we were 911 into town and they were going to send an ambulance to meet us halfway there were several times where i thought i was going to pass out and i knew if i passed out that that was going to be it because my dad's driving if i pass out who's going to keep applying pressure to my neck to keep me from bleeding out times like this you really need something to focus on and i focused on my kids i had their faces in my brain and i just focused on them and i fought as hard as i could i stayed conscious the entire time we met the ambulance halfway they got me loaded up and we took off towards the hospital and like i said i know that i was in a bad spot and i don't know if you know this but if your jugular is completely severed you have 30 seconds i knew that being hit in the throat i may not have much time but the closer we got to the hospital the more my confidence built and i thought hey maybe i'm going to be all right when i was in the ambulance i asked them to cut my shirt off because i was having trouble breathing and i thought maybe i'd been hitting the chest as well they cut my shirt off there wasn't anything there but when i got to the hospital they x-rayed me and they said my right lung had collapsed because it had filled with blood and that was from this little guy here puncturing my lung so from there they had to innovate me while i was wide awake and i tell you that is not fun take this long metal rod with a point on it and they stick it through your rib cage and uh it just it wasn't fun after that i was feeling a little better i could breathe a little better and then they wanted me to take my thumb out of my neck and i was like we're not taking my thumb out of my neck i'm you just wrap it up with some tape it's staying there but they told me i had to take my thumb out of my neck so they they had a bunch of gauze and packing and as soon as i pull it out they packed my throat when i pulled my thumb out that's when i saw my finger and they said that i audibly said oh that's not good because my finger looked like a big w they informed me after that that they were going to have to life flight me to vanderbilt hospital in nashville tennessee very very good hospital with very very good doctors obviously i'm here making this video big shout out to vanderbilt hospital you guys are the best so now they're about to knock me out and at this moment i realized that this may be the last time that i see my wife or see my dad because once they knock you out you know that's it either they're gonna fix you or you're not waking up my wife had arrived i called her in there i held her hand and we had words and then i called my dad into pray and after that i remember waking up in vanderbilt hospital hooked up to every machine possible i'm going to throw some pictures in here so they did a number on me so you can see this cut here and this actually goes all the way down to right here to repair my jugular and my lung they had to open up my chest completely they cut me completely open just like open heart surgery they told me a guy my size should hold six to eight units of blood and total from all the blood i lost from the initial injury and the surgeries they had to give me five units there was also there was also a chance that i could have had a stroke to repair your jugular vein they have to pinch it off well your jugular vein supplies the oxygenated blood to your brain so they can only pinch it off for so long they pinch it off they repair it then after that when they open it back up all that blood rushes into your brain and there's a chance you could have a stroke praise god i did not have stroke as well as for my hand and my face they had to do surgery on that as well i have pins in my finger to hold it in place and like i said they had to repair my orbital bone in three spots as you can see they cut me here and right here and they also cut inside my mouth all the way back here to the front to be able to get to all of those spots so i had a breathing tube in but i still wanted to talk i wanted to know what had happened to me and what was going to happen well my nurse cody shout out to that guy best nurse ever brought me a dry erase board so that i could write and ask questions i wanted to talk to my wife well he would call her for me and then i would write out what i wanted to say and he would say it over the phone for me and then i could sit there and talk to my wife also i really wanted a mellow yellow i was craving it so bad when i was finally unhooked from everything i remember sitting in my room and he peeked his head in he was like can you eat and drink now he said yeah he handed me a mellow yellow coolest nerves ever so for about two days i had tubes coming out of the front of my chest one tube coming out of my right side and one tube coming out from behind my collarbone to drain everything around my lungs now to carry this little vacuum pack with me they remove those really quick i'm healing extremely fast they kicked me out of trauma within a few days this happened on april 9th which is a friday i went home the following saturday there is a lot more of this story when it comes to my injuries and everything that i had to do to overcome them long story short i shouldn't be standing here i should be six foot under and if it wasn't for god i wouldn't be talking to you right now so i know there's one big question that you're all wondering what's going to happen to kentucky ballistics and am i going to keep making videos and the answer that is absolutely i'm not going to quit doing what i love because of a freak accident there's nothing that can keep me from continuing on i love what i do and i appreciate every single one of you i am healing at a wolverine rate i am healing so fast that really a lot of people have been kind of confused at how fast i'm healing that's god he's healing me quick and i'm going to keep making videos and i cannot wait to get back out here i have some videos planned and i think you're going to like them it's going to be some really funny stuff also i know there's going to be a good bit of you that want to support me while i'm healing and i really really appreciate that but i don't want to do a gofundme or anything like that if you want to help me out i want you to get something out of it too so we got some new shirts the doctors told me that if it wasn't for this thumb that i would have died this thumb saved my life and my wife came up with a saint she said just put a thumb in it and i thought that was the funniest thing ever so that's what we're going with we have just put a thumb in it shirts i think these are awesome and if you want to support me there's a link in the description down below they're available now pick you up a shirt and support kentucky ballistics this is not my normal content and definitely not what you expected me to post this week but this is something i felt like i needed to let you know again this was a complete freak accident and there's no way i would have ever known just how hot that round was until it was too late so like i said i'm healing really fast and i'm going to be back to it as soon as possible but in the meantime keep your eyes peeled for some pretty interesting videos i have planned and my update videos before i close this video i just want to say how much i appreciate every single one of you thank you for making what i do possible and i know that the majority of you are going to be extremely supportive right now and i really really appreciate that don't forget if you want to pick up a shirt there's a link in the description down below and as always my name is scott my name is scott and you will most definitely see me next time [Applause] hey

  Top Comments:
  1. @KentuckyBallistics [133000 likes]: Hey everybody! I am doing great and I'm going to make a full recovery! God is good! Thank you for your support! Kentucky Ballistics is still going to keep rolling! I appreciate every single one of you!
  2. @joaoeu3889 [1 likes]: the reasont why that happened? may be cause the  first 2 threads of the cap ware damaged already or the cap was not the correct? or is the way u use to remove the last round and scratched the right side of the barrel that is where the threads start? or the barrel was too hot and the metal bended ? or just metal fatigue / mechanical fatigue , cause the 2 first threads on the barrel got no damage... only using 4 of the 6 threads... 5:01  and  5:39 .... be safe , glad all ok , just trie to understand to avoid future accidents , my advice is use Eddy Current Testing (ECT) after testing unknown ammo cause the ammo before could be the one who weakened the system ( notice de gas released from the back with the 50 bmg slap tracer round 1:03  )
  3. @jc6CR [1 likes]: Thank God. Praise be to Jesus Christ. We're still so grateful that you lived Kentucky.
  4. @Wayne-O-5169 [1 likes]: Commenting from 2026: I am going to play medical nerd here, but from your description of your neck injury, you did not lacerate your jugular vein (a serious injury in its own right.) You lacerated your carotid artery which carries blood to your brain, a MUCH more serious injury. Both you and your Dad did an incredible job getting you to care. Your care team of doctors and nurses at both hospitals plus the Life Flight medical team and pilot did, in fact, work wonders. The miracle portion of it can only be laid at God’s feet. So thankful for your survival and recovery. Love your videos!
  5. @B0KZY [1 likes]: Im just glad your okay man. Holy sh*t what a story
  6. @trevornissen3523: 🙏 glad you're doing well my man
  7. @ianzhou-b8p: jugular vein supply oxigenated blood to brain? vein ?
im sure its jugular vein and not the Carotid artery got damaged, other wise you wouldn't be able to slow the blood loos.
  8. @Caemonyoung: Thank you god for protecting this man amen 🙏
  9. @Wheatfredii: YouTube took me from “how my bazooka exploded on my face” to “how my 50 cal exploded on my face” lmao wtf!!! So in conclusion, don’t bring my face with whenever shooting anything😂
  10. @DancingAncestor: Dads in the future reminiscing:
"Yeah man I shot a .40 cal revolver once"
"Yeah I shot a .50 cal once"
Scott: "I got shot with a .50 cal in the jugular and it punctured my lung once"
  11. @J.D.4.U: Well God clearly still has a plan for you, God is good. Give God glory
  12. @mopenshaw: I know it's been several years, but my birthday's coming up and I decided a 'thumb' shirt is what I wanted.
  13. @Raghav_Singh_1504: ❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @EverydayReloadingandShooting: New subscriber. Thanks, Dennis
  15. @EverydayReloadingandShooting: Praise God is right!! I recently experienced a rifle exploding on me at the range. I posted a video about it on my YouTube channel. Man! You definitely took a hit. I watched the entire thing. This is unimaginable what you went through. I'm so glad that your father was there. It was touching what you said about thinking about your kids to help you stay awake and not pass out. When I posted my video, someone made a comment about I was very fortunate because otherwise it might have gone Kentucky ballistic. I had no idea what they were referring to, but this makes sense to me now. So glad you're OK. You definitely went through it.
  16. @nickforgie4290: Correction from the later video- the pressure from the Hot round was close to 180,000 psi.
  17. @EverettTownsend22: It’s 2026😢
  18. @_.renn_: I started watching your videos a few days ago, and in one video you mentioned this accident and I didn't know it was this bad. But now that I come to watch it... man, that was horrifiying. I'm really glad you overcome that and I got to tell you that you're such a strong person, not because the obvious, but because how you put all your strenght on staying awake, thinking about your kids, pressing your neck to not bleed, man that took some balls. You're awesome!
  19. @ripwalace: Damn bro nearly kirked himself.
  20. @burnellmartin8518: Prase the lord

- I Let ChatGPT Critique My Thumbnail. Here's What It Got Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en Last episode, I tested whether a custom GPT could help me come up with channel ideas. This time, I wanted to push it harder. Can it actually help with thumbnails and titles, or does it mostly just make average packaging faster? So, I took a real thumbnail idea from Rolling with the Curves, dropped it into my custom GPT, and asked one question. What should I keep? What should I change? And is it actually getting better? Because this is where a lot of creators lose the plot. It's not that they need more ideas. It's that weak packaging decisions kill good videos before the video even gets a chance. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the original thumbnail concept, the feedback the GPT gave me, what advice was actually useful, what advice started flattening the idea, and the bigger lesson I'm learning about where AI actually fits in a small creator workflow. This was a thumbnail idea I brought in from Rolling with the Curbs. The promise of the video was simple. Our Texas RV trip was at risk because the truck still wasn't ready to tow and we only had one week left. The viewer I wanted was the RV traveler who knows the exact panic moment when the trip is getting close and the tow vehicle isn't ready. And the part I wasn't sure about was whether the thumbnail had one clear focal point or whether it was trying to say too much at once. I wasn't asking the GPT to invent the whole package from scratch. I wanted it to critique the package. Tell me what's working, what's hurting the click, and what should stay. That keeps the whole test honest. I'm not pretending AI came up with the whole idea. I'm using it as a judgment tool. And here's what it got right first. Point one, keep the deadline tension. I think that was right because the oneweek left angle is really the engine of the whole package. Point two, simplify toward one dominant problem. That helped because it pushed the thumbnail toward one clear idea instead of trying to explain the whole story. Point three, make sure the truck and the human stress read instantly on mobile. And this is where the GPT was actually useful. It caught the clarity problem really fast. That's the first thing I'm noticing with tools like this. They can be pretty good at spotting obvious friction, clutter, mixed signals, weak emphasis, title and thumbnail basically saying the same thing. The kind of stuff that makes a package feel muddy. And that lines up with basic thumbnail rules. clear subject, one dominant idea, mobile readability, and title thumbnail coordination instead of repetition. But here's where it got weaker. The problem with some AI packaging advice is that it can drift toward cleaner without actually getting sharper. And those aren't the same thing. In this case, removing the calendar and reducing the concept down to a cleaner Chuck Plus text layout probably would have made the thumbnail look more orderly, but I also think it would have taken away from some of the tension that gives the viewer a reason to click. So, yeah, it can make an average thumbnail cleaner faster, but that doesn't automatically make it stronger. So, here's what I actually kept. I kept the deadline Q because it supports the core promise. I changed it so not ready to tow hit faster and I ignored the advice to overclean the concept because I think that would have made it safer not stronger. That's probably the real use case here. Not let AI decide the thumbnail, more like let AI pressure test the idea and then make a human decision about what tension is actually worth preserving. This also changed how I think about the custom GPT itself. I don't see it as some finished expert. I see it as a living tool. When I get new results, I update it. When I notice a better rule, I add it. When I get weak advice, that becomes data, too. Sometimes I'll even use the GPT to analyze its own misses and help me build a better rule file for the next round. So, the value isn't that the tool magically knows thumbnails. The value is that I'm building a sharper feedback system around real outcomes. So, my verdict right now is this. A custom GPT can help with titles and thumbnails, but mostly as a critique, not as the final creative decision maker. It's good at catching obvious clarity issues. It's useful for telling me what to keep, what to test, and what might be muddy. But it's still weak at taste. It's weak at tension. It can absolutely push you towards safer, more average packaging if you stop thinking. So, for me, AI does help here, just not by replacing judgment. It helps by making the feedback loop faster as long as I keep training that loop with real results. And that leads directly to the next test. Because even if AI helps a package get clearer, that only gets the click. The bigger question is what happens after the click. So next, I'm testing whether AI can actually help with scripting and retention or whether it starts flattening the video there, too. Watch the next test.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattbuildsachannel: I tested ChatGPT on this thumbnail and title — curious what you think:
Did the AI make it better… or just cleaner?
If you had to choose:
A) clearer but weaker
B) rougher but stronger

What would you actually click?
I’m using this to decide the next test.

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- The Secret to YouTube Thumbnails Nobody Tells You: Kind: captions Language: en I spent two years making thumbnails that looked exactly like the tutorial said they should, and they failed quietly every single time. Bold text, high contrast, shocked face, arrow pointing at something, clean background. I checked every box. I watched every breakdown video. I studied creators I admired and reverse-engineered their designs pixel by pixel. And my click-through rate sat at 2.1% for 18 months like it was bolted to the floor. That number haunted me cuz I wasn't doing anything wrong, not technically. My thumbnails were clean. They were readable. They looked professional. And yet something was broken at a level I couldn't see yet. What I eventually figured out changed everything about how I approach this, and it had nothing to do with design. Let me show you exactly what's happening beneath the surface of every thumbnail that actually works. YouTube has published research through their own Creator Insider channel about how viewers decide to click, and almost nobody in the creator space is talking about what it actually says. Not the design gurus, not the thumbnail course sellers, not the faceless channels breaking down Mr. Beast frames. The findings sit there relatively ignored because they complicate the simple story everyone wants to tell you. Here's what the data points to. The decision to click on a video happens in somewhere between 0.4 and 0.8 seconds. Think about that. Less than 1 second. Your thumbnail doesn't get a reading, it doesn't get consideration. It gets a glance, the same involuntary processing your brain uses to recognize a face in a crowd. That means everything happening in your thumbnail design, the font choice, the drop shadow, the color grading, is operating below the threshold of conscious decision-making for most viewers who scroll past it. Todd Malacote, who has studied visual attention patterns in digital media extensively, describes this as the pre-attentive processing window. Before a person consciously decides to look at something, their visual system has already flagged it as relevant or irrelevant. Contrast, faces, and pattern breaks are what trip that flag. Not cleverness, not information, not even brand recognition at early channel sizes. Now, YouTube's own internal team confirmed through their Creator Academy documentation that the single strongest predictor of click-through rate isn't visual quality, it's relevance matching. Meaning, does the thumbnail immediately confirm for the right viewer that this video is exactly what they're already looking for or already feeling? The creators who understand this stop designing thumbnails for everyone. They design them as a signal aimed precisely at one specific person and one specific mental state. And here's where real-world impact kicks in. Think about what a 1% improvement in click-through rate means for a channel with 10,000 impressions a week. That's 100 additional viewers every week who found what they were looking >> [music] >> for. Viewers who then watch longer, subscribe more, and tell the algorithm your content is worth distributing. Over 6 months, that compounding effect becomes the difference between a channel that grows and one that stalls. The creators sitting at 8 or 9% click-through rates aren't better designers. They solved a different problem entirely. Here's what really bothers me about how thumbnails get taught. The reason this keeps getting taught incorrectly isn't malicious. It's something almost worse. It's that surface-level advice is visually demonstrable and deep strategic advice is not. You can make a before-and-after video showing a thumbnail with bad contrast next to one with good contrast. You can circle the fonts. You can draw boxes around the face. It looks like teaching. It feels like teaching. And it produces creators who are excellent at executing the aesthetic of successful thumbnails without understanding why those thumbnails were built that way. The YouTube education ecosystem runs on this gap. When a creator with 2 million subscribers tells you to use red and yellow because those colors perform, they're giving you their observation without their reasoning. They're handing you the output of a decision process they probably can't fully articulate themselves. And you go implement it and it half works and sometimes unpredictably. And you go back for more advice and the cycle continues. Here's the thing about borrowed tactics. They carry the context they were built in. That red and yellow combination worked in that creator's niche for that audience with that established brand recognition in that competitive thumbnail landscape. Paste those colors onto your channel at 400 subscribers in a different niche and you've borrowed a key that doesn't fit your lock. When I realized this, I felt genuinely frustrated. Not at any specific creator, but at how structural the problem is. It's like being handed a map to someone else's city and wondering why you keep getting lost. The advice isn't wrong, it's just not yours. And nobody in the recommendation chain is incentivized to slow down and tell you that because slowing down doesn't make for compelling short-form content. This is the part that nobody handed me. I had to build it backwards from failures and I want to give it to you directly. So, here's what actually moves the needle broken into four layers and none of them are about making things look pretty. Understand all four and you'll have a framework that works regardless of niche, regardless of channel size, regardless of whatever trend is currently dominating the thumbnail conversation. Layer one is what I call the tension signal. Every high-performing thumbnail in any genre creates a gap, a tiny unresolved question that the viewer's brain needs to close. This is basic information gap theory documented by Carnegie Mellon professor George Loewenstein in the early 1990s and directly applicable to how YouTube thumbnails function. The viewer sees something that doesn't fully resolve itself. A face with an expression that requires context. An object that shouldn't be in the scene. A number that begs explanation. Two things in the same frame that shouldn't logically coexist. Their brain registers incompleteness. Clicking is how it finds resolution. The mistake most creators make is designing thumbnails that answer the question instead of creating one. They show the result, the solution, the completed thing. Clean, professional, informative, and completely clickable for no one. Your thumbnail's job is not to inform, it is to create a need for information. Practice looking at your thumbnails and asking, "What question does this image ask?" If you can't find one, the thumbnail is probably too resolved. Layer two is emotional specificity. Not show emotion. Every tutorial tells you that. Emotional specificity. There is a meaningful difference between a face expressing generic surprise and a face expressing the specific disbelief of someone who just found out they've been doing something wrong for years. Viewers don't connect to emotion in the abstract. They pattern match to emotion they felt. When they see their own emotional experience reflected accurately in a thumbnail, something clicks. Literally and psychologically. This is why studying performance of your own thumbnails matters more than studying anyone else's. Your audience has a specific emotional profile. They come to your content with specific feelings, curiosity in a particular flavor, frustration at a particular type of problem, aspiration toward a particular outcome. The faces and imagery that resonate with them are not generic. They're calibrated. You develop that calibration through testing and paying attention. Not through copying what works for a gaming channel when you make cooking content. Layer three is competitive contrast, and this one is wildly underutilized. Open YouTube and search the exact keyword your video targets. Look at the first two rows of results. What do all those thumbnails have in common? Probably a lot. Similar color temperatures, similar compositions, similar facial expressions, similar text placement. Your eye lands on them as a group, not as individuals. Now, ask yourself, what would a thumbnail look like that belongs in the same search result, but reads as fundamentally different from everything around it? This isn't about being weird for its own sake. It's about visual differentiation in a real competitive context. Your thumbnail doesn't live in isolation on someone's screen. It lives in a grid. And in a grid full of similar signals, the different one wins attention by default. Test this before you publish. Put your thumbnail in a screenshot alongside your actual competitors and see whether it stands apart or disappears into the pattern. Layer four is context accuracy. And this is the most underrated of all because it affects something creators rarely track directly, audience retention from click to watch. Thumbnails that misrepresent content generate clicks and then generate exits. YouTube's algorithm reads those exits and throttles distribution. A thumbnail that makes a promise the video doesn't keep is actively damaging to a channel's long-term growth even when it temporarily boosts click-through rate. The best thumbnail is one where the right viewer clicks because they understood exactly what they were getting and wanted exactly that. Now, some important context before you take this and run. If you're producing content for an enterprise organization, an educational institution, or brand with strict visual guidelines, some of these principles, particularly around emotional expression and visual disruption, may need to be adapted to your organizational constraints. That's completely valid. This framework is built around independent creator contexts. Apply the principles that fit your situation, the tools you use to design thumbnails, Canva, Photoshop, whatever you prefer. Don't change any of this. These layers are strategic, not technical. Implementation lives in the brief you write before you open any design tool, not in the tool itself. Before you design anything, write down the question your thumbnail is asking, the specific emotion it's reflecting, how it differentiates visually from competitors, and the accurate promise it's making to the right viewer. That brief is worth more than any template. Every thumbnail is a contract. That might sound like a strange way to think about a JPEG, but stay with me. Every time a viewer clicks, they've made a decision based on an implicit agreement. You showed them something, they interpreted a promise, they gave you minutes of their attention in exchange for the fulfillment of that promise. When the thumbnail is vague, the contract is vague, and vague contracts attract people who weren't looking for what you made. When the thumbnail is misleading, the contract is broken before the video even starts. When the thumbnail is precise, it finds exactly the viewer who needed this video and delivers them to it ready to engage. The creators who understand this don't think of thumbnails as marketing. They think of them as matching, connecting the right piece of content with the person who was already looking for it, even if they didn't know that's what they were looking for yet. That's a completely different orientation. And it removes a lot of the anxiety that most creators feel around thumbnail design because you're no longer trying to trick anyone into clicking. So, you're trying to be visible to the person who already wants what you made. You're not paranoid for feeling like the standard advice wasn't working. It genuinely wasn't. Not because you failed to execute it, but because it was solving the wrong problem. Aesthetics aren't the bottleneck for most channels. Strategy is, and now you have the framework. You started this video without language for why your thumbnails weren't converting. Now you have four specific layers to interrogate every single thumbnail before it goes live. The tension signal, emotional specificity, competitive contrast, and context accuracy. That's not a checklist to rush through. It's a thinking process that gets faster with practice until it becomes instinctive. There are millions of creators putting in real effort and getting results that don't reflect that effort because the gap between working hard and working on the right thing is real, and nobody in their feed is pointing at it directly. You now know the gap exists. That already puts you ahead. If this reframed how you think about thumbnails, subscribe because this is the kind of content I make consistently. Not surface-level recaps of things you've already heard. The stuff that actually changes how you think. Drop a comment and tell me which of the four layers you're going to look at first on your own channel. I read every one of them.

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- how to make a killer youtube thumbnail (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en here's how to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel because a single thumbnail could be the difference between getting your big break on YouTube and going completely unnoticed as Mr Beast is fond of saying people don't click they don't watch but how exactly do you get someone to click what do the top YouTubers know that we don't to find out I spent the last 36 Days pouring over interviews listening to talks and analyzing the best performing thumbnails from the top creators in the world 73 pages of notes later I discovered that the best YouTube thumbnails fall follow a four-part formula this video will walk you through them all the first part is the one that's by far the most important and yet also the most overlooked if you're watching this video I don't have to tell you that thumbnails are important there is a reason why you clicked on this video in the first place but where most of us go wrong is in the time we dedicate to our thumbnails you see the top YouTubers know that YouTube is a game of clicks and watches the success of a video is determined in part by the effectiveness of the packaging which drives clicks and in part by the video itself which drives watch time the problem is most of us spend our time like this we'll spend countless hours agonizing over scripts capturing the best shots and editing our videos to Perfection only to come up with a thumbnail an hour before the video goes live if that sounds like you don't worry you're not alone that's something I've been working on improving myself but why would you spend 10% of your time on something that determines 50% of the result that's why part one of making a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel is Killer time allocation the best YouTubers in the world view thumbnails as a priority not as an afterthought and while most of us don't even start thinking about thumbnails until right before hitting publish top YouTubers take the time to finalize their thumbnails first before they even start working on the video itself so don't be afraid to spend days or even weeks perfecting your thumbnail it's worth taking the time to get it right once you're prepared to give your thumbnail the time it deserves you're ready to move on to part two of the formula to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel killer psychology when most of us go into thumbnail creation our process might look a little something like this we'll think oh yeah I need a thumbnail um I should probably be in it and there should be some images or icons related to my video topic and I should throw some text in there too to really emphasize the point but that is the default we'll spend the majority of our time finalizing the colors positioning and text our process couldn't be more wrong if we tried because while we're spending most of our time on thumbnail design the most successful YouTubers spend the majority of their time nailing the psychology behind the click and recently world-renowned YouTube consultant Patty Galloway confirmed the exact same thing a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the fil that because ultimately no matter the formatting or color scheme of a thumbnail the decision to click is driven by a single psychological mechanism here curiosity and that curiosity is strongest we experience what's known as a curiosity Gap this is the gap between what we currently know and what we want to know and is one of the most basic drivers of human behavior because as humans our brains are wired to Crave closure so when we're introduced to an unfinished story or a question without an answer it's like having an itch that we very much want to scratch our brains go wow I could really use some closure right now that pushes us to seek out Answers by clicking on the video to see this in action let's take a look at this thumbnail from Kelly wakasa design-wise this thumbnail is relatively simple there are no crazy Halos of light or detailed illustrations yes the colors are great which is something we'll get into detail later but it's not the colors that make this an insanely clickable thumbnail it's Ashley in her position and her expression and Kelly in the action he's taking these elements work together to evoke the questions what led up to this very moment and what's about to happen next these questions open a curiosity Gap that Gap is only closed by clicking on the video and watching it the stronger the Curiosity Gap the more clickable the thumbnail and the strongest curiosity gaps on YouTube are created using one of the same five methods the thumbnail we just looked at is a prime example of a moment thumbnail these thumbnails generate curiosity by offering a glimpse into the moment right before a powerful reaction when the moment captured contains enough emotion and tension it becomes nearly irresist resistible when we inevitably click on the video we're clicking to find out what happens directly before during and after that exact moment story thumbnails also generate curiosity by provoking the question what happens next but instead of focusing on a specific moment before a reaction story thumbnails place the emphasis on building narrative they usually do this by introducing a point of tension or a question that sets up the First Act of the story when we click on the video we click both for the resolution of the T tension on screen and afford whatever new tension or consequence that resolution leads to the stronger the tension the more effective the thumbnail result thumbnails feature a desired result whether it's a physical final product or a sought after skill the Curiosity Gap Remains the Same how did they do it and commonly how can I do it too the more sought after the result the stronger the Curiosity Gap and the more effective the thumbnail transformation thumbnails also feature a desired result the difference is they also show a beginning State the more relatable this beginning State the more effective transformation thumbnails are for the Curiosity coming from the desire to know the story and process behind getting from point A to point B and last but not least novelty thumbnails draw their power from our natural urge to experience something we've never seen before novelty thumbnails typically come in two flavors novelty that inspires awe and Novelty that is weird or unexpected and while nov y can be drawn from complete absurdity it tends to be the most effective when it's combined with something we're already familiar with offering a unique spin to something we already know so before you open canva or photoshop consider what curiosity Gap you want to create first what questions can you introduce that they really need the answers to if you're having trouble coming up with a strong curiosity Gap I have some bad news for you your video idea probably isn't interesting enough in the first place I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's going to be so funny I just can't think way it's a thumbnail there and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately the best YouTube thumbnails come from killer video ideas and the topic of how to come up with a killer video idea is big enough to make an entire other video about it so I will I'll put a link in the description below when it's out but to make sure you don't miss it now would be a great time to well you know the rest after you're 90% is unconfident you have a curiosity Gap people will click for you have the foundation for your killer thumbnail to blow up your channel but in order for someone to get hooked by your killer curiosity Gap they have to notice it in the first place because as soon as we log on to YouTube We're hit with a screen full of different recommendations each one vying for attention and as we're browsing through our recommendations often with our brains on autopilot we scroll past countless thumbnails that we don't even mentally register to avoid their thumbnails being lost in the noise the best YouTubers in the world are Masters at pattern Interruption they know exactly what to include in their thumbnails to stop your scroll because they know how to hack our brain's attention system you see our brains are constantly bombarded by stimulus if we constantly took in everything we could perceive at all times we'd be paralyzed with information overload so to help us out our brains use attention focusing on the most relevant or useful information while filtering out the rest but this attention system can be hacked because our brains are biologically primed to pay more attention to certain things I call these things scroll Stoppers and top YouTubers include them in their thumbnails to ensure that their thumbnails catch your eye a classic example is the use of faces you've probably heard the advice that faces do well in thumbnails and indeed our brains are very good at recognizing faces because it helps us understand other people's emotions and intentions which can in turn signal a Potential Threat or opportunity the larger the face the stronger this effect but before you go slapping a giant picture of your face to the left side of each of your thumbnails hey Mr Beast keep in mind that faces are quite a bit more effective for your favorite YouTubers than they are for you and no that's not a diss on your looks it's due to something called familiarity bias which is the idea that our brains are naturally drawn to what we're familiar with when we recognize the face of a YouTuber we already know like and Trust we're more likely to click on it versus a thumbnail featuring a face we don't recognize now this doesn't mean that if you're a new or small YouTuber you completely screwed in fact familiarity bias is something that can even be hacked in our favor that's the logic behind the thumbnail style of Charisma on command people are more likely to stop their scroll when they see a celebrity they recognize versus the face of a random guy they don't know familiarity bias is so powerful that even well-known gaming YouTubers will often feature a recognizable character or element from a popular game instead of their own face in a thumbnail and familiarity bias extends Beyond faces as well that's one of the reasons why thumbnails featuring instantly recognizable interfaces such as Discord iMessage Yelp PayPal and others are so eye-catching this isn't to say that you should never include your face in a thumbnail if you're a lesser known YouTuber our natural attraction faces is powerful even if they're unfamiliar but if if you a smaller YouTuber hoping to attract a larger audience you shouldn't rely on your face alone to stop a scroll instead consider using one or more of these other scroll Stoppers in general we're attracted to nice large round numbers these clickable numbers become even more clickable when money is attached to it something Finance channels tend to use to their advantage in fact money in any form tends to stop our scroll we're also naturally wired to detect danger and movement as they can often signal a new threat or opportunity in our environment in a similar vein we're drawn to displays of emotion because an emotional reaction in others can signal a threat we haven't detected ourselves yet we are biologically attracted to bright colors which in the early days of human existence could help us identify everything from ripening fruit to Fresh blood and we're also drawn to things that are aesthetically pleasing because frankly they feel really nice to look at and our brains want more of that pleasurable feeling but while it may be tempting to J amam as many scroll Stoppers as possible into your thumbnail that could end up hurting rather than helping you because the more scroll Stoppers your thumbnail has and the more click ba your thumbnail becomes the more diluted your brand gets that's one of the reasons why Ryan tryan opts for more realistic looking faces in his thumbnails and I found that realistic thumbnails just feel like me it feels like yeah if my face is not like then I feel more connected to the to the thumbnail if I'm just making a very subtle face that's like because it's realistic and I'm like oh that's that's legit so before you get lost in the sauce of throwing in big numbers bright colors and giant emotional faces in each of your thumbnails consider the brand you want to build and the story you want to tell not every scroll stopper will fit with every Creator and every audience and every curiosity Gap and that's okay just choose the one or two that enhances rather than dilutes or distracts from your chosen curiosity Gap and your brand after you have a killer curiosity Gap in one or more killer scroll Stoppers you've nailed the psychology of the click but how can we turn that wellth thought out psychology into a physical thumbnail that brings us to part three in making a killer design we tend to think of design as adding things but great design is actually about getting the main point across as quickly as possible which is good news for us because if it takes more than 2 seconds for a viewer to fully understand what's happening in your thumbnail they're already scroll R in past leaving your video unnoticed and unwatched to avoid this top YouTubers obsess over making their thumbnails extremely obvious to see and Incredibly easy to process and to do that they perfect the three C's of thumbnail design contents composition and contrast the contents of your thumbnail are all of the visual elements that make up your thumbnail including people icons Graphics backgrounds and text essentially it's the what of your your thumbnail but how do you decide what to include in your thumbnail it's simple you include whatever you need to create your curiosity Gap typically these elements are broken into two categories main characters and supporting characters the main character is the single element that best contributes to the Curiosity Gap this is the hero or focal point of the thumbnail for a novelty thumbnail It's the weird new or unexpected thing for a result thumbnail it's the result for a story thumbnail it's the main character or driver of the story and so on and so forth and while in some rare cases there can be more than one main character in the vast majority of thumbnails every other element exists to support the main character and creating the Curiosity Gap either by providing necessary context drawing attention or adding additional curiosity in this story thumbnail from Mr Beast the Curiosity Gap comes from wanting to know what happened while he was stranded at Sea what challenges he came across and how he dealt with with those challenges the story is about Mr Beast so he's the main character the rest of the elements are supporting characters there's a wraft to indicate that the main character is stranded the water to indicate that he's at sea sharks to add the scroll stopper of danger and the words day7 to indicate the scope and depth of the video there's nothing extraneous here every single element has a purpose and every element is positioned in a way that guides the eye directly to the main character which brings us to the second SE of thumbnail design composition starting with layout most high performing thumbnails follow one of two alignments symmetrical thumbnails Place their main character in the center with the left side of the thumbnail closely resembling the right side asymmetrical thumbnails follow the rule of thirds placing their main character on the left or right third of the thumbnail but it's not just the placement of the main character that matters supporting characters and backgrounds can also be used to direct attention when placed properly natural lines in the background can become leading lines subtly drawing our eyes to the main character and of course the classic red arrow or Circle helps to quite literally point out what we should be looking at in some cases though top YouTubers will intentionally direct some attention away from the main character instead choosing to emphasize a supporting character this is usually in cases where the supporting character is used as a reference point to establish some unique defining characteristic of the main character such as size in those cases top YouTubers are very careful to ensure their thumbnails maintain the proper hierarchy preventing the main character from being overshadowed by any supporting characters this hierarchy can be established using scale where the main character is significantly larger than any other element blur where the main character is in Focus while the other elements are blurred and depth where the main character is the element closest to the camera this hierarchy is especially critical to keep in mind when considering thumbnail text text in thumbnails is tricky in some thumbnails text is an integral supporting character adding critical context Clarity or curiosity in others text only serves to add clutter so if you're tripping over your words here are some pointers text should only be used if it's additive to the story the thumbnail is trying to tell what do I mean by additive well there are a number of ways in which text can help create curiosity it can be used to show scope or intensity in thumbnail such as 41 minutes in or stake number 46 which gives viewers a sense of scale it can add context giving viewers insight to things they may not know it can add Clarity to things that might not be obvious and can even be a source of curiosity acting like a subheading if you do elect to use text in your thumbnails here are some things to keep in mind while the human brain can process an image in as little as 13 milliseconds it takes us much much longer to process text so unless the text you use is a big flat cashy number with a dollar sign in front of it don't count on text to be what draws in viewers in the first place your text should never just repeat your title remember we're going for additive not repetitive and you should optimize your text for legibility this means keeping it to a maximum of five words avoiding it looking like a block of text using language your audience can easily understand and selecting a font that is easy to read typically this means sanser fonts with outlines and shadows unless you're going for a specific brand or Vibe and make sure your text is never higher in the element hierarchy than your main character take this lovely binging with babish thumbnail it's a clear compelling result thumbnail and it looks delicious now let's make the most common thumbnail text mistake no more eye-catching result instead just a block of text you won't bother reading as you scroll past to avoid ruining a good thumbnail with poor text choices ensure your main character always remains the dominant element but position iing alone isn't enough to do that and even the most beautifully structured thumbnail can be ruined if it doesn't apply one critical concept this concept contrast and no not this type of contrast when we say that a thumbnail really pops what we're really saying is that it has good contrast and when applied properly contrast can not only instantly capture attention but also guide the viewer's eye directly to the most important part of the thumbnail how do we do that with color colors have three values Hue saturation and lightness or luminosity and contrast can be created using each of these values contrast using luminosity comes from mixing lights and darks Luminosity contrast is the driver behind the success of this thumbnail from Mr who's the boss this is a novelty thumbnail the Curiosity generated from a strange crystal structure we've never seen before the main character of the crystal structure and the critical supporting character of the contextual text in the arrow are the complete opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background and from Mr who the boss himself if Mr who's the boss's background was lighter our attention wouldn't be drawn to the Curiosity generators anymore they'd completely blend in instead we'd instantly be drawn to Mr who's the boss's face which isn't strong enough alone to drive curiosity and get the click contrast using saturation comes from mixing areas of high saturation with areas of low saturation the best example of this is Ryan tryan's iconic world's quietest room thumbnail which was so effective it started a whole Trend the main character in Ryan's thumbnail is Ryan himself and his reaction to being within the world's quietest room by dropping the saturation to just grayscale for the rest of the thumbnail but keeping Ryan in full saturation that saturation being emphasized even more by using a rich bright color Ryan instantly stands out from everything else and our eyes immediately find him saturation contrast can also be combined with Luminosity contrast for eye-catching results in this thumbnail from Elizabeth Phillips the main curiosity generators are Elizabeth herself in the supporting text Elizabeth's turtleneck and the supporting text are the opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background creating Luminosity contrast but to take things one step further she adds a bright pop of red for saturation contrast instantly drawing attention to her face and the most important word on the thumbnail less common but still worth me mentioning we have Hue contrast contrast using Hue comes from using what's known as complimentary colors these are colors that sit opposite to each other on the color wheel they're the colors that create the most pop when placed side by side in this thumbnail from Mr Beast the color of the raft is neatly complimentary to the color of the water if his raft were a different color it wouldn't stand out as much and take a look at this thumbnail from Nick de Giovani he could have chosen any color as his background but this bright blue is the one that best comp complements the vibrant orange of the Prime bottle allowing it to pop but contrasting Hue isn't reserved for just two colors remember when I said the colors in this Kelly wakasa thumbnail were great it's a great example of split complimentary colors the main colors of Ashley's skin tone her blue coat and Kelly's yellow coat are nearly perfectly split complimentary resulting in each color standing out without anyone overpowering the others other complimentary color schemes include Triads and even tetrads and while using complimentary colors is by no means necessary for a killer thumbnail trust me the vast majority of successful thumbnails don't follow a perfectly complimentary color scheme it's a great place to start if you typically struggle with picking out thumbnail colors but the concept of contrast isn't reserved for color values within a thumbnail itself contrast is also incredibly powerful when applied in relation to other thumbnails your viewers might often see in a second I'm going to show you a screen of thumbnails I want you to notice which ones your eyes are instantly drawn to ready go which thumbnail does your attention keep snagging on for most people it's this one which is wild because looking at it there's nearly nothing on it it doesn't seem like particularly brilliant thumbnail but it stands out to us because it's different while every other Minecraft thumbnail is bursting with numerous brightly colored elements this thumbnail just has one big color block as a result it's remark able it contrasts with every thumbnail around it making it pop so while it may be tempting to follow the thumbnail meta of your Niche consider going against the grain if most thumbnails are maximalist try something minimalist if most thumbnails use red try using blue or green try being remarkable it might just be your breakout thumbnail it was for me but whether you choose to think outside the rectangle or Draw your inspiration from what already works it's safe to say that by now a lot of work has been poured into your thumbnail there are curiosity gaps and scroll Stoppers and contents and composition and contrast it's a lot to keep track of so as you're making your final thumbnail adjustments how do you know when you're done how do you know that you have a killer thumbnail that's good enough to blow up your channel to evaluate the quality of their thumbnails the best YouTubers in the world run their finished thumbnails through a series of three tests which brings us to the fourth and final step in our formula to make a killer thumbnail to blow up your Channel killer analysis the first test top YouTubers run on their thumbnails is the clarity test because when we make our thumbnails they're usually taking up our entire screen on Photoshop canva or in my case figma they look brilliant Bold and Beautiful the perfect thumbnail a masterpiece but your viewers don't see your thumbnail on Photoshop your viewers see your thumbnail on YouTube and thumbnails can look very different in full screen than when they're teeny tiny on a suggested panel so to make sure your thumbnail makes sense at any size popped into a preview tool like click pilot the smallest your thumbnail will ever show up on YouTube is in the suggested panel so to pass the clarity test you must be able to make out every element of your thumbnail in the sidebar view without straining can you clearly read every word can you easily identify every element if the answer is no your thumbnail still needs some work once you've pass the clarity test you can advance the contrast test this is where top YouTubers verify their thumb nail stands out in a crowd add a few channels that your viewers are also watching does your thumbnail interrupt the pattern can your thumbnail stop the scroll if not go back and make some changes if yes you're ready to move on to the third and final test the glance test if you've made it all the way to this test it's safe to say that you've spent a lot of time staring at your thumbnail which means that you're more than a little biased so for the ultimate test of whether or not they have a killer thumbnail nail the best YouTubers in the world show their thumbnails to someone else even sometimes I'll just take take a thumbnail on my phone and show it to someone really quickly and just say what did you see put your thumbnail on your phone and Flash it to a friend family member or willing stranger for 2 seconds and then ask them what they saw if those 2 seconds aren't enough for someone seeing your thumbnail for the first time to fully understand what's going on your thumbnail isn't clear enough but if you pass the clarity test and the contrast test and the glance test congratulations you have your killer thumbnail you'd think that would be the end right but no despite being so intentional about every component of their thumbnail the best YouTubers in the world still have one final secret they apply to every thumbnail they make because even the best YouTubers in the world are wrong sometimes so top YouTubers don't just make one killer thumbnail they make three the one that they hit publish with and two variations they're ready to swap it in a moment's notice as soon as they see a video start to flop these variations aren't as simple as just changing the T-shirt color and calling in a day because of a thumbnail is underperforming a t-shirt color change isn't going to be enough to save it instead top YouTubers will go all the way back to the beginning considering different curiosity gaps scroll Stoppers elements compositions and types of contrast will come up with 10 to 15 entirely different concepts don't worry these concepts are not fully fleshed out they're just sketched out and take from Patty Galloway these sketches don't even have to be that good they are the worst sketches ever known to mankind the sketches just serve as a proof of concept to get a general gist of what the final product could look like from there they'll select the three best Concepts to take to full thumbnails those are their thumbnail variations and those are the backups they have ready to swap in just in case their initial guess was wrong how do you know when it's time to swap in the first few hours after you hit publish closely monitor your videos views Impressions and clickthrough rate or CTR if your views Impressions and CTR are all above average then congratulations you did it you made your killer thumbnail no swapping needed if your views and impressions are both high but your CTR is low that's also a good sign this usually happens because YouTube decided to push your video out to people outside of your core audience and a lower than average CTR is natural and expected no swapping needed but if your views Impressions and CT PR are all below average it's worth swapping to a different thumbnail variation to see if it's a problem with your thumbnail if you're crunch for time and can't vigilantly monitor your analytics hours after each upload that's okay all is not lost YouTube is rolling out their own native AB testing feature and if you're a pleb like me and don't have access to it yet or if you want deeper more customizable testing thumbnail test is a great alternative some top YouTubers wait a few hours before swapping thumbnails and some top YouTubers wait a few days either way it always pays off to have a few variations on standby because sometimes the only thing holding a video back from reaching its full potential is the right thumbnail I know we've covered a lot in this video and for good reason thumbnails are simultaneously incredibly important and Incredibly complex and although I threw a lot at you today if there's anything to remember when making a killer thumbnail to blow up your channel it's give your viewers a reason to click make your thumbnails OB obious to see and easy to understand and pass your tests to help you out you can even save this guide to reference every time you make a thumbnail I'll put a link to download it for free in the video description below and here's the thing the next thumbnail you make may not be perfect or the one after that or the one after that but guess what there is no such thing as the perfect thumbnail thumbnails are an art form not an exact science and all of the guidelines I introduce in this video are just that guidelin for every Point I've brought up there are dozens of examples of killer counter points but sometimes you just need to understand the best practices in order to know which ones to bend or break and as long as you implement the principles covered in this video with every thumbnail you make you're going to get better and better YouTube channels tend to grow a little bit at a time and then all at once and while I might not be able to guarantee that your next video will go viral I am sure of one thing if you keep going and if you keep improving you will get there it might be tomorrow it might be quite a few tomorrows but if you keep with it your big break will come after all you're just one killer video away but a killer thumbnail alone isn't enough to make a killer video because after someone clicks on your video they need to actually watch it and for that to happen they need to make it through your intro so to learn how to make a killer YouTube intro click here otherwise keep creating like And subscribe if you can and I will see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItzJaytheAnimator [1 likes]: Girl your doing well cuz I watched All your videos from start to finish
  2. @HighSchoolMathLab [1 likes]: Amazing thumbnail video. Now off to implement the strategies!
  3. @susmatteoo [1 likes]: The caution sign is also a thumbnail for a rimworld mod. Called common sense
  4. @alpinecricketer: Any tips for thumbnails where the  video 'topic' actually emerges as you film the video ? I.E a sports match. I struggle to wrap my head around planning thumbnails for these because you dont actually know whats going to happen in the video and you only identify potential curiosity gaps in editing.
  5. @UltimateChr: Hahahaha "us (plebs)" 
Man, I feel that...
  6. @aprendese: Best video about thumbnails on YouTube
  7. @MiniJankari: Waaao , I can’t believe , what I saw today ❤
  8. @prabhukrishnan6017: @Aprilynne Alter Never seen the Thumbnail design video like your's. This is too great, Loved it. Thanks a lot for this information.
  9. @33konn: how the hell do I make someone curious about a little music animation I made 💔
  10. @meditationandmusic9725: Best ever video on Thumbnails in the whole Youtube Fully value packed💯🙌
  11. @boringadviceyt: Honestly, you could sell this video like a course and charge crazy amount of money. Thank you for this Killer video!
  12. @hassansyed6087: April, this is my 4th time commenting on your videos.
You know how much game you have given me? Like actual, repeatable, observable winning methods ?
Truly. Thank you
  13. @wicomms: If one is starting a bible channel what thumbnail could we use?
  14. @HodgesKooker: :face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning:
  15. @JabarisBeautifulWorld: Thanks for this!!
  16. @S4SQU4TCH_2K: you just earned yourself another subscriber, thanks (saved your playlist too)
  17. @LastMarauderMusical: Any suggestions for making a curiosity gap for song demos?
  18. @FoundationBibleStudies: Thank you for such a thorough breakdown. This will definitely be a reference as I try and lock in the psych of packaging.
  19. @SaplingofSpunk: > "For the 2025 algorithm"
> Posted December 2023

(Thank you for the info, just thought the date disparity was funny lol)
  20. @asmaadelulu: u have cute hands 🥺

- The Thumbnail Trick EVERY Small YouTuber Misses: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are one of the hardest things to get right on YouTube. But they're also one of the most important because ultimately if people don't click, they don't watch. And if your thumbnails aren't getting clicked, your views will suffer no matter how good your content is. The reason you probably clicked on this video is because deep down you know your thumbnails aren't working. So I'm going to show you exactly how to fix them. Now firstly, every YouTube guru will say that thumbnails matter, but most of them will never actually tell you why they matter. So let's break it down quickly. Now what's crazy is it's claimed thumbnails are responsible for up to 50% of a video's total success. Not editing, not the camera, not even the script, the thumbnail. That's why if you can improve your thumbnails, even by just like 10%, you will see massive growth across your entire channel. more clicks, more watch time, and more subscribers. So, your job as a creator isn't just to make good videos. It's also to make killer thumbnails. And over the next few minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, let's get into it. Now, the very first thing we need to do is dive into the world of mastering thumbnail psychology. Because when a viewer lands on YouTube's home feed looking for a video to watch, they're not sat there carefully evaluating each video they see. Instead, they're usually scanning the entire page really fast and making split-second decisions based on how a thumbnail makes them feel. And that's a key. People won't click just because your thumbnail looks nice, they will only click if a thumbnail triggers a feeling inside of them. And whilst all new and small creators spend most of their time obsessing over the fine details of each of their thumbnails, the top creators on the other hand focus all of their time not on the design itself, but on the psychology behind the design. Now, if you don't believe me, you should definitely believe this guy, Patty Galloway, the worldrenowned YouTube strategist, and he recently said exactly the same thing. The first thing I would say is a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the thumbnail. So for example here are two of my best performing videos. One about shorts and one about trains. Now they might both seem really basic at first glance but they were both really carefully designed and let me explain. So, for the shorts video, I carefully designed this thumbnail to tap into people's emotions. Like when you're trying to grow on YouTube as a small channel, there is nothing worse than posting a video, refreshing the analytics the next day, and then seeing the video has massively flopped and only got a couple of views. And that's what this thumbnail taps into. It taps into that emotional feeling someone gets when they feel disheartened after one of their videos ends up failing. Then the second one, the Indian train video. This was super simple and easy. It probably took me about 10 minutes to make. But basically, I knew that Indian people love their trains and they love to see how western people react to their development. So, for this thumbnail, I wanted to encapsulate the emotion of being shocked and pleasantly surprised, which is exactly what I knew my audience wanted to see, and it made them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it. But look, these thumbnails are super basic. There's no professional editing here, just pure psychology and emotion. So, now I'm going to teach you how to do this for your own videos. But before I do, here's a really quick message from today's sponsor. Now, a quick message to all my fellow small YouTubers. If you're not using this AI tool, you're missing out on a lot of views. All of the biggest creators on YouTube upload clips daily. And here's the latest trend behind it all. Nexus Clips. It's a viral AI tool that analyzes your videos, picks the best segments, and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video. It effortlessly repurposes horizontal videos into vertical videos that you can instantly upload as shorts. It also has facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically. Now, the top creators tried to keep this AI tool a secret, but now we all have access to it. So, hop on this trend whilst it's still hot. So then how to master psychology design. So first of all, it's super important that you understand there's one key psychological trigger that makes people act every time and that is curiosity. Now I touched on this during my last video talking about titles. But curiosity is at its peak when we encounter what's known as a curiosity gap. This is the gap between what we already know and what we want to know. And these gaps work because our brains are wired to seek closure. We hate unfinished thoughts. So when we're presented with a curiosity gap on a thumbnail, our mind has to close it. And the only way we can close it is by clicking on the video and finding out. So here's an example of this. Take this video here by Ryan Draan. The title is I tried every drive-thru's most expensive item. Now, his thumbnail is really basic, like no over-the-top editing or crazy graphics. Just a photo of him, the McDonald's sign, a burger, and some text. That's all it is. But what makes this thumbnail so clickable is the fact he's holding up what looks to be like a secret burger. And then include some text saying instant regret. Now, this will have viewers thinking three things. Number one, what is that burger? Number two, what made him regret it? And number three, what happened after he ate it? These questions alone cause guess what? A curiosity gap. And the only way to resolve that gap is by clicking on the video and finding out. The stronger the gap, the more likely people are to click. Now, it can get super scientific and complex with the way top creators create these gaps. But to simplify it so you guys can easily create a cured gap with your own thumbnails, I'm going to now show you five of the most common ways of making them. And these will apply to pretty much any niche. So, make sure you write them down and use them next time you go to create one. So, firstly, we have the before and after thumbnails. And these are really powerful because they tell a story in just one image, usually a story of transformation. And it's not just about the after because the key here is having the before, which is usually the starting point, as relatable as possible. Something that makes viewers go, "That's me or that's where I'm starting from, too." Then on the other side you show the result which is the after. This then creates a hook. And the real question that every viewer has is what happened in between the before and the after. And this format works across nearly every niche. So if you do this, make sure that the before is relatable and that the after feels aspirational. And the viewer should always want to know how you made that transformation between the two. Then of course we have challenge thumbnails and these are all about tension. This is where you present a difficult task like something hard, intense, or borderline insane. And it makes a viewer go, "Wow, did they actually do this?" Now, the more extreme that the challenge feels, the stronger the curiosity gap becomes like these videos are practically begging to get clicked. And the curiosity comes from questions from the viewers, like what happened during a challenge? Like, did they complete it? And would I be able to do it myself? And humans love challenges. We always want to see how something ends. So, this is always a strong one. And then we have contradiction thumbnails. And these thumbnails are basically designed to make viewers stop and say, "Wait, what?" They work because they break expectations. They show something that doesn't really make sense at first glance, and that creates a mental itch the viewer needs to scratch. These thumbnails naturally feel wrong, but they challenge societal norms, and that's what makes them so clickable. The contradiction creates a puzzle and the only way to solve that puzzle is to click on the video and watch it. Then of course we have novelty thumbnails and these are thumbnails that grab you with weirdness. Like they work because the human brain is wired to notice anything that looks new, different or out of place. It could be something or inspiring. It could be bizarre. It could be hilarious. But the point is we've never seen it before and now we want to know more. The key to novelty thumbnails is simplicity. You don't need 10 crazy elements. You just need one thing that makes people stop and go, "Wait, what am I looking at? What is that?" And that is a novelty gap. And finally, we have result thumbnails. Now, these thumbnails show the final result of a journey. And they leave viewers wondering how you got there. Like, they work especially well in transformation, success, or money related niches. But they can be applied in almost any area where progress or outcome matters. And the curiosity comes from two places. One, how did they do it? And two, can I do it, too? The result thumbnails are all about aspiration. They should feel possible, but not easy. That's what drives a click. So, there you have it. There are five of the most popular psychological designs you can include in your thumbnails. But having the best curiosity gap in the world means nothing if no one notices your thumbnail in the first place. Because every single time someone loads up the YouTube home feed, they will be faced with tons of content that's all trying to grab their attention at the same time. And as humans, we naturally tune out almost everything unless something disrupts our attention. So the vast majority of thumbnails on YouTube will simply just get scrolled past without a second thought. But all of the top creators know exactly how to disrupt visual patterns and grab attention. And that's where attention triggers come in. And attention triggers are basically really simple little hacks that are able to grab a viewer's attention when they're scrolling on the YouTube home feed. Now, before I give you some examples, I actually very recently ran a poll asking you guys if you watch YouTube on light mode or dark mode. And 3/4 of you actually said you watch on dark mode. So, one point here is you should always consider how your thumbnails will stand out on dark backgrounds and light backgrounds too because many of you guys actually watch on dark mode. So, the contrast between your thumbnail and a dark background always needs a pop. So, keep that in mind. But here are some examples of attention triggers you should be using in your next thumbnails. So, first up, we have faces. Now, as humans, we are biologically wired to notice faces. It's one of the first things our brains are trained to recognize. But it's not just any face that works. The most effective thumbnails use clear, expressive faces showing strong emotion. Things like shock, fear, joy, confusion. These emotional cues make us instinctively pay attention because they help us to understand what a person's feeling and what that video might be about. So just using a boring smile on all of your videos with no facial expression won't cut it. The expression you need to include needs to match the emotion of that particular video. Like this thumbnail worked really well for me because the face I'm pulling matched the negative emotion encapsulated by that video topic. Like it wouldn't have worked if I had a smiling face or a laughing face for example. Then of course we have famous people. Now, this is where it gets interesting because our brains will subconsciously prioritize faces we're already familiar with. So, people like celebrities, influencers, athletes, friends, or even viral personalities act like immediate attention triggers. Now, of course, you should only ever include someone's face on your thumbnail if you actually include them in the video, too. If not, and you do include someone's face on your thumbnail that's not included, your audience will think you've just clickbaited them and they won't be happy. But if you do feature or talk about a famous person, for example, in your video, I would always 100% recommend you include them in your thumbnail, too. Then the next attention trigger is big numbers. That's because numbers create instant mental shortcuts. Seeing things like 100 thousand or zero to a million instantly communicates value without needing any extra context. They're really quick. They're easy to process and they trigger questions like how did they make that much? What happened in the journey? And can I do it too kind of thing. Now these types of attention triggers obviously work even better paired with a powerful topic like money, time or transformation. That's why finance and challenge videos often go viral. Next, we have familiar visuals. So when you include recognizable icons like the YouTube logo or Instagram likes or PayPal payments or even Shopify notifications for instance, they can act as visual magnets. Like we've seen these icons thousands of times before in our everyday life. So the seconds they appear in a thumbnail, our brains light up. But again, look, I'd only ever include any of these logos or icons if they actually feature in your video. Then we have aesthetics. These types of thumbnails are usually really quite simple, but require a lot of skill to get it right. They work because humans are naturally drawn to things like beauty, clean composition, balanced colors, and clear subjects. Because aesthetically pleasing visuals feel good to look at. They trigger a tiny dopamine hit in our brain. But in this case, it's not just about looking nice. It's about creating a thumbnail that feels effortless to exhort. And this is why those kind of thumbnails you see in the tech space or even the travel space work really, really well. But of course, you're going to need a really good camera and some good Photoshop skills for this kind of attention trigger. Then finally, we have movement, danger, or drama. Now, as humans, our brains have evolved over time to notice things like sudden motion, potential threats, or unusual events because in the past, missing one of those could have meant instant death for us. that primal wiring our brains have still works today. So this means thumbnails that show chaos, conflict or physical movement are able to grab people's attention fast. Think things like explosions, people running, near misses, war, traumatic stunts, or even someone midfall. Our brain screams to us, "Wait, what's going on there?" And that's exactly what gets the click. So there you have it. There are the six main attention triggers that all of the top creators use. subtly in their thumbnails. But what's really important here is that you should never try and include all of them at once because using too many attention triggers can actually overwhelm the viewer. Most viral thumbnails rely on just two to three triggers max. So the real skill here is not only knowing what to include, but also what to leave out as well. Okay, so now you might be thinking, how exactly do I include a curiosity gap and attention triggers into a single thumbnail? like how exactly should I lay it all out? Well, this is actually where design anatomy comes in and at its core, thumbnail design is about two things. One is what you include, and two is how you include it. And most high-erforming thumbnails are really simple, but they're extremely carefully created with design anatomy in mind. Now, there are in fact three main styles that creators use most when it comes to thumbnail layout. And the first one is split screen. So pretty much like A versus B. This is most commonly used in transformation or comparison thumbnails. Basically, it's where you show two contrasting sides. For instance, before and after, cheap versus expensive, old versus new, side by side. Now, the split design of these thumbnails naturally creates tension and curiosity and can illustrate the journey from A to B within a thumbnail. These are really quite popular and I've used a lot of these in the past as well. Then we have offset which is like asymmetrical and this one follows a rule of third placing the subject on either the left or the right third of the screen. Now this layout gives your thumbnail breathing room and allows space for text supporting visuals or directional cues like arrows and lines. Now this is actually my favorite. If you look at most of my thumbnails I use this composition a lot. And then finally we have centered which is symmetrical. This is where the main character or object sits right in the middle of the frame. It's balanced, it's clean, and it draws instant focus. Now, this layout is perfect for challenges, big results, or reaction style videos. So, if there's a particular focus in a video that you want to highlight within your thumbnail, this can be really useful. But there you go. Those are the three main ways all of the top creators will arrange their thumbnails. So, I'd suggest giving them a try. Okay, then. Now, the last step of this whole thumbnail creation process. When you've finally created something you think is going to work, there's a couple of little tests I would do quickly to evaluate it because a big thumbnail on a big screen usually looks great. But over 70% of YouTube viewers come from mobile. So, we need to see how our thumbnails look when they're really small. Now, the tool I use for this is thumbsup.tv. It's free and all you have to do is upload a picture of your thumbnail, paste in your title, and then down here you can see how your thumbnail is going to look on all of the different screens like homepage, suggested, mobile, and all of that. So, let's say if you have text on your thumbnail and it becomes really hard to read on a small screen when your thumbnail is minimized, I would change it immediately. And one thing to always remember is that your title and thumbnail should complement each other, not repeat each other. And then finally, we have the flash test. Again, this is also free, but this is where you show your thumbnail to someone, either a friend or a family member, for just 2 seconds and ask them what they saw. If the concept of the thumbnail wasn't visible in 2 seconds, it's not going to work. Because remember, when someone scrolls through the home feed or the suggested tab, they're really quickly skimming every title thumbnail, and they'll never spend more than 2 seconds doing so. So, we want to emulate this as a test. Now, if this video has finally helped thumbnails start to make sense for you, and you're starting to realize just how important they are, then you're going to love this. Now, I've built a short, high impact course that teaches you exactly how to design thumbnails that actually gets clicked. Now, you'll learn things like proven curiosity triggers, layout tips, emotional psychology, and tons of real world examples that you can literally just copy and use today. And just for watching this video until the end, you'll get 50% off the next 24 hours. So, click on the link in the description in the pinned comment and I'll see you inside the course. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [41 likes]: Take 50% off my Titles & Thumbnails Mastery Course here: https://www.ytwacademy.com/products/title-thumbnail-mastery-copy
  2. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Another great video!  I implemented the scheduling and a short after watching your shorts video just yesterday, slapped together a short while watching, posted on a schedule and BOOM!  140 views in just 5 hours.  Now that still is not much but I only started last week.  Thank you so much for helping us newbees in this space.
  3. @BackpackBim: Love this video, super helpful thank you for sharing! Could you do one specifically for the travel niche/cinematic content please? I don’t see any growth YouTuber do videos about this kind of content
  4. @cal3_bm: crazy how one small thumbnail change can literally decide if a video flies or dies 😭
  5. @Heartsong506: Really good content. I haven’t seen this specific lesson anywhere else, so it stands out as giving value to us, the viewer. Thank you!
  6. @youssoufrider: nice
  7. @lonceysyoutubecreators: Thanks so much man, this is an absolute gold tutorial and a must save to a how to do YouTube playlist 😊❤
  8. @KairoHqq: Let’s grow together guys. 🎉❤
  9. @SweetCandyTime: I took your advice on the thumbnails, thanks 🙏🏽
  10. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Yes, the reason why I clicked on this video is not because deep down I feel my thumbnails aren’t working…. I know my thumbnails aren’t working and it’s not YouTube’s fault they are pushing my videos but people are just not clicking so my views are suffering and it’s painful to put in so much work and fall short due to a thumbnail…
  11. @Recovered-rm2mg: You did not even tell us how to make one?
  12. @CelticMickTravels: That is why I outsourced to Bangladesh 😂
  13. @EstherNdeda-1: ❤ I am at 3 subscribers
  14. @niksha992: Ok what about gaming?
  15. @gosiakrokos: Thank you for the tips . I wish us all a great success 🤩 Best wishes .
  16. @XB700: What is a thumb nail?  Where can I access it, from a viewer's perspective?  Thumbnail vs. Description?
  17. @VidaPausa: Mi celular está mal y abrió este video 😂
  18. @mejiamade: super helpful 🙏🏽
  19. @StickThoughtsUS: i will success!
  20. @MsShadowrealm: All those "attention grabbing" thumbnail examples do the complete opposite to me. I see them and want to avoid them.

- 6 Thumbnail Psychology Tricks that FORCE You to Click: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is a video platform. People come for the content. And yet, we seem to forget that before you can get people to watch, you need people to click because the YouTube algorithm only cares about one thing. Does your thumbnail grab the viewer and force them to click? And this is the secret only big creators understand. They aren't masters of content. They're masters of clickbait. Golden items, cluster of color, crazy faces. I found the cheat codes. Six design secrets that will instantly level up your next thumbnail. And the first one is the two hook rule. Because if no one's clicking right now, that means your thumbnails are too basic. And the way to fix this is to stack hooks in your thumbnail. Take this video from Nick to Giovani where he tries to cook a whole cow. Most creators would make a thumbnail like this one on the left. Just show the entire cow in the thumbnail. Easy peasy, right? But look at what Nick did. Besides showing the whole cow, he also added a second hook. A tiny jarring detail in the form of the cow's you know what. It's gross. It's unexpected. and your brain can't unsee it. That tiny detail made the whole video way more clickable. And it got 20 million views while everyone else got 3 million on the exact same video. It's what I call a what the detail, a second layer in the thumbnail that makes people go, "What the fuck?" It's not about making crude thumbnails. It's about surprising the viewer's brain, adding a second reason to click. So, how exactly do you do this? Well, for every thumbnail you make, spend 10 minutes brainstorming extra hooks you can sneak into your thumbnail. Now, it's impossible to find a strong what the detail for every thumbnail. So, here's where cheat code number two comes in. The unique angle hack. This is a secret big YouTubers abuse. Ryan Treyan, Mr. Beast, and Mark Robber all use this trick. I've done a lot of testing on this and I found that just shooting your thumbnail from an odd angle can make your thumbnail way more clickable. Take this video that went mega viral recently. It's about playing a video game for 30 days. Most YouTubers would have done something like this. an average-looking thumbnail using a flat eyele perspective, something we see in most thumbnails today. But this creator used a top-down perspective. But why is that important? Well, choosing a unique angle makes the thumbnail stand out because it feels different. Just look at it on the homepage. It stands out compared to everything else. And this doesn't just work with top- down perspectives. You can do angles like 2D, upwards, downwards. The key is to think of thumbnails in a virtual setting. If you have a main action, imagine there's a virtual camera you can move around from different angles to see what pops out the most. This will make your thumbnails way better than anything else on the market. Okay, so we've talked about the what the detail and thumbnail angles, but this next cheat code is so strong, I think YouTube might make it illegal. You need to fix lowanging fruit. See, after running hundreds of tests, I found three easy design changes that make your thumbnails way more clickable. First, make the subject pop. This is the thumbnail before you made the subject pop. It's really hard to make out the shoes. Now, here it is after. We made the color way brighter and it pops out way more. But why does this matter? Well, if the thumbnail stands out more, the viewers see it faster, which means they'll understand and click the thumbnail faster. This trick is really easy to do. Just blur or darken the background and the subject will pop. The second lowanging fruit is removing distracting elements. This is a thumbnail with distracting elements. All these feet right here. And this is the thumbnail without distracting elements. much easier to understand. Why? Because distracting elements add more complexity to the thumbnail, and the longer the viewer takes to figure out what's going on, the more likely they are to click on another video. The third lowhanging fruit is using the realism trick. Take these two thumbnails. Both of them use the same photo of James Charles, but one of them looks fake. The lighting is off, and the angle of the head is wrong. From our testing, we've seen that fake looking thumbnails get less views. Because when a thumbnail is obviously Photoshop, viewers assume it's clickbait, and then they don't click. So, make your thumbnails look like they happened in real life. There are exceptions to this, but for most thumbnails, this rule holds true. Gode number four is the art of thumbnail branding because the colors, fonts, and aesthetic of your thumbnail can unlock a bunch of extra views if you do it right. Take for example the channel Diary of a CEO. Look at his iconic thumbnail format. Black background, white text, and red highlight color. This all comes together to create a really unique brand that sticks out from other creators. It's funny. As a kid, I used to think that branding was a bunch of BS YouTube advice. The color of your profile picture and thumbnail doesn't increase views. And yes, your branding doesn't get you new views, but it can get you returning viewers. If we dive into the data and science behind this, it's really interesting. Obviously, we have new viewers, people who haven't seen your content yet. Then we have casuals. Casuals are people who occasionally watch your broad, more appealing videos. And hardcore are the diehard fans that watch every video. Now, your thumbnail's branding taps into the hardcore fans using something I call familiarity bias. Have you ever seen a Mr. Beast thumbnail in your feed and then instantly clicked without really reading the title? Not just Mr. Beast, but any creator you like. The instant click phenomenon is hardcore fans recognizing the branding of the creator they love and instantly clicking. Now, creating a unique branding style can be complicated, but I made this dock to break it down. First, pick a main color. This is the color you'll be using across your entire channel, not just thumbnails, but profile edits, etc. The next two colors need to be basic. Think black, gray, white. Colors that'll make your main color pop more. Finally, pick the highlight color, which you'll use to emphasize stuff. Boom. Colors done forever. Next is the font. This can literally be any style of font, but specifically pick a font that matches the vibe you're trying to sell in your content. If you're trying to look professional, pick a clean font. If you're trying to give off more friend vibes, use a more flowy font. Finally, the aesthetic of your thumbnails. This needs to be a look that stays consistent with every video. Again, pick something that matches your content's vibe. If you're giving one-on-one personal advice to people your age, use a simple raw photo. If you're teaching complex information, have you plus a whiteboard in the background. It's that simple. You're not going to find the perfect branding right away. So, keep experimenting until you find something that works for you. Now, focus up, cuz this next cheat code is a gamecher. Have you ever had a great idea, but when you go to make it into a thumbnail, it just looks horrendous? Well, I found the solution that turns an idea into a banger visual. It's all about how you space thumbnail elements. Stick with me because this is going to blow your mind. Look at this Ryan Treyan Lonely Island thumbnail. It's a solid thumbnail. The tiny island matches the title. But there's a simple trick that makes it way stronger. Watch what happens when we zoom out and surround the island with more ocean. Suddenly, the island feels smaller, lonier, and way more clickable. That one shift changes the entire emotion of the thumbnail. But more importantly, when used properly, it can shine a spotlight on whatever elements you want the viewer to see. To prove this, let's run a simple test. In 3 seconds, I'm going to flash the screen with a bunch of different thumbnails. I want you to identify which one pulls your attention first. Ready? Go. Now, most of you probably focused on this thumbnail. But how did I know that? Well, it's because of the dead space. The thumbnail stood out on the homepage because of how simple it was compared to the other thumbnails. The reason this stuff works is because you're controlling the space in the image, using it to grab viewers attention, and then pulling their eyes towards the most interesting element. One of the more common ways of using this is a technique called the rule of thirds. Take a 3x3 line grid and slap it over an image. You want the main elements in your thumbnail to align with the different grid lines. It makes your thumbnail look more visually appealing. So, when you make your next thumbnail, don't make it cluttered. Add some dead space around the most important element and watch it magically pop. And finally, for the last section here, how to guarantee viral thumbnails. Add a rainbow. Rainbows overperform across kids content, tech, gaming, food, way more niches than you'd expect. But before you click off and say, "Yo, this guy's an idiot." Let me explain. This hack isn't actually about rainbows. It's about spotting objects that consistently get high views, like a rainbow, and then reusing them in your thumbnails. I call this visual triggers. objects like devil horns, melting symbols, or this knocking at the door format. They've all gotten crazy views on different channels in different niches. Why throw random elements in your thumbnails when you can use proven visual triggers that have literally gotten millions of views? Now, the key thing is to catalog these visuals every time you see them. So, the next time you make a thumbnail, you don't need to start from scratch. You can pull from a library of proven objects. I really believe if you make thumbnails across a hundred videos and actually try to improve each time, it's literally impossible for your thumbnails to suck. You'll slowly start to learn what works well as you test and optimize your thumbnails. Now, if you want more help making your own thumbnails, check out my free newsletter where I roast people's thumbnails every week. I'll throw a link in the description. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tobystrategy [8 likes]: if you'd like more youtube sauce, sign up for my newsletter: https://dub.sh/thumbnailtricks
  2. @Wunjo369 [1 likes]: Nice 👍👍
  3. @dailysillyanimal: pretty sure 90% of the potensial viewrs didnt watch the video for the only purpose of not clicking because in the thumbnail it says forces you to click
  4. @Pedro-San70s: I just clicked to say, this thumbnail sucks.
  5. @AlexRedt9ne: 0:23: no you didn't
  6. @reset.editxx: this is the most valuable video I've ever watched
  7. @EdMonks: brilliant video
  8. @mundocurioso7468: My friend is adding a Portuguese track to his videos.
  9. @mdxsadiq8050: Doubt - how to differentiate extra hook and distractions
  10. @poprecordsofficial: thanks man, it help a lot
  11. @cooolmantle: Aah I seee
  12. @ThereWillBeDubs: You can roast mine if you want 😅🤷‍♂️
  13. @J_TW: great video
  14. @CrazyCobraCC: I clicked the thumbnail because I was so confused by what I was seeing.

Why the hell is this guy shooting paint through a gun at a guy’s face?
  15. @tog_podcast: I’ve been looking at thumbnails for a min I’m slowly getting better 🤷🏽‍♂️
  16. @xscry: it's valuable. great
  17. @Neillusion: Didn’t click sorry 😤
  18. @knottage: Maybe one day I'll have 17k views on a video
  19. @LGmaster7: I appreciate the tips, good job
  20. @benssbm: will be using this

- YouTube Thumbnail Design - 50% More Views With This Strategy!: Kind: captions Language: en - This is a guaranteed way to get more views on YouTube. It's a big part of our YouTube thumbnail design strategy and it regularly increases our click-through rate by up to 50%. So what I'm talking about is A/B split testing your thumbnail images, and this is a super important element of our thumbnail strategy. Now to show you how powerful this strategy is, here's two thumbnail images from our channel. I want you guys that are watching this to pick left or right. Which one do you think is the better thumbnail? Which one do you think gets more clicks? So we've actually run an A/B split test on this and you can see that one of these outperformed the other one by 55.7%. So the winner here was the one on the right. So let's go again. Here's another A/B split test we have run from thumbnail images from a video on our channel. Which one do you think is the better thumbnail image or which one do you think gets clicked more? The one on the left or the one on the right? And one of these two here outperformed the other one by 45.2%. And the winner here is actually the one on the left. Now, this one personally, it pains me a little bit. I mean, I personally don't like the image. I think it's washed out, it's too bright. I mean, why am I wearing a hoodie? I look like I'm 12 years old. But again, it's not about what we think is the nicer or prettier looking thumbnail, it's which one gets clicked more. Now I've got one more example for you 'cause I really wanna hit this point home. Left or right? And the difference between these this time was 33.8% increase. Now this is another one where I thought the yellow one would've outperformed. It's brighter colors, it's gonna stand out more on the platform. A lotta people aren't using dark mode so maybe the white one could get lost on the YouTube page, but no, it was actually the white one here that outperformed the other one. So the point I wanna make here is that your thumbnail strategy and your thumbnail images are so important. And you might be thinking now that your thumbnail images are great and that they're already working for you but what if they could work better? What if every time YouTube featured one of your videos or showed it on the platform, it was able to be clicked more for days, weeks, potentially years down the track if your video can show up and get clicked more? Think about that for the growth of your channel, for the impact into your life and your business if your video is actually viewed more. And that's where this strategy is so powerful because it's not what we think is the nicer or prettier looking thumbnail image. We're literally looking at the data and we're seeing which image actually gets clicked more, which can have a massive effect. So I'm gonna share with you some of the insights that we've learned from A/B split testing our thumbnail images. But really quickly before that, the tool that we're using to run these A/B split tests is called TubeBuddy. So TubeBuddy is an amazing YouTube management tool that's got so much more in it than just A/B split tests, but having the ability in there to A/B split test your thumbnail images is one of my favorite features. Now, pricing-wise, there is a free version of TubeBuddy but to be able to do the A/B split test, you do need to be on their Legend Plan, which currently costs 23.99 per month if you're paying annually. Now, in terms of alternatives to do this A/B split testing, you could actually manually do it yourself for free if you created two different versions of a thumbnail image, maybe ran one for a while, tracked the data, tracked how well it was performing and then swap it out for another one, and then obviously track and measure that to gauge if there was an improvement or loss. It's gonna be super manual and is definitely not gonna be as accurate as using something like TubeBuddy, and that's why we like it so much. Whereas to get these set up on TubeBuddy, we just wanna go to their section here for A/B testing. Come up the top here to create an A/B test, you then pick the video that you wanna run the A/B test on and then you can select your alternate thumbnail image or the one you wanna test it against. So, really simple. So normally where we're starting with these A/B split tests isn't on our brand new latest videos. It's on videos that have been up on our channel for a little while, but the ones that are underperforming compared to other videos on the channel, and this is to try and help them find traction and see if replacing the thumbnail image is actually gonna have a difference. But we also use these A/B split tests to test other things about our thumbnail image. To test if they work better with my face on them or not. But we're also using it to test things like new thumbnail concepts and different design elements that we can bring in or remove from our thumbnail images. Like in the case of this one here, where having me in the thumbnail image or not. And actually removing me in this case gave us a higher click-through rate or this one here where we tried a totally different concept for a lighting tutorial, showing the before and after or comparing it to one with big text on screen explaining what the video is about. And in this case, this second thumbnail here outperformed the first one by 6.76%. And again, with these numbers, they don't need to be big. An improvement is an improvement and that can flow through for years of that content on the platform. Or in this example, these two thumbnail images are almost identical. The only thing we changed was putting the company name Insta360 here in the thumbnail versus leaving it blank and having question marks so the viewer didn't know what that video was about. So the viewer didn't know what the product was at that point just by looking at the thumbnail image. And it was this second one here without the company name in it that actually got a slightly better click-through rate, 2.17% in this case. So after running so many different A/B split tests on our thumbnail images, here's a few insights that we learnt that might help you with yours too. You really wanna try to make your thumbnail image as clear as possible, help the viewer work out what your video is about and if it's for them just by looking at that thumbnail image. So in this video here, for example, Best Cheap Smartphone Accessories for Video, you can see our original thumbnail image. It was much darker, it still had text on screen, but all the gear that I'm holding in that image that I'm talking about in the video, it's really hard to see 'cause it's so dark. So then we tried something completely different, something much brighter, something that had the gear more laid out, but also something that had the writing stand out more and this one actually performed better. And even switching the wording up and emphasizing the word cheap 'cause it was cheap gear that we're talking about in this video, making it red so that it stands out on the yellow, it tends to grab people's attention much, much faster. So with the text, you can experiment with it, but generally we wanna try to make sure that the emphasis is on the most important keyword or most important phrase that the viewer is going to be interested in, again, to help them work out what the video is about and if it's for them. So, for example, this video here around picking your YouTube channel name, what we thought we would test with this one 'cause it's an older video on our channel, we thought we'd test it with some big bold text so you can see we've got here How To and then a little bit smaller Pick Your and then Channel Name. Now they've all been designed so they all fit nicely here into a square or into a rectangle. But the weighting on these words makes the how to the biggest and channel name which is actually the most important piece much, much smaller. So we thought it was worthy on a test 'cause obviously I personally think it looks so much better than this old thumbnail image. But the older one, just with very simple basic text, How To Pick Your Channel Name just with simple basic text with a box behind it versus the older thumbnail image here with the weighting applied differently to the text, so you can see that the How To is smaller but the big words Pick Your Channel Name, they stand out so much more, even though overall I think the design of the newer thumbnail image is so much better. So, we're running with the old one here. Now, I've also tested quite a few times if actually having this color or this block behind the text to help it stand out, if it actually helps us get clicks on our thumbnail images. So in this case here, comparing these two, this image performed better. And in this one here where we're really only testing for that, it actually did perform better in this case. So you can see that the thumbnail images outside of those colored boxes behind the text, the thumbnail images are exactly the same. But then looking at the one below it here, we've done almost the exact same test. This one here without the boxes behind the text and this one here with the boxes behind the text, you can see that this one here actually outperformed. So sometimes it's easy to draw conclusions with this stuff, other times it can be hit-and-miss and come down to a video-per-video basis. But regardless, we keep coming back to our broader goal here of trying to make our thumbnail images engaging and easy to understand. Now another thing we've seen a lot is the generally less text actually performs better, but not always. So in this example here of a LumaFusion tutorial, you can see the one here with less text, it literally just says LumaFusion tutorial compared to the original one, LumaFusion, iPad, iPhone, and Android. But obviously in this specific one here, it's a whole different design and style and everything as well. But you can see how much cleaner it is with less text and you can still quickly figure out what that video is about. And if we come down here to this one here, Adobe Premier Pro Tutorial for Beginners, we can see the opposite. Whereas this one here, Beginner's Guide with the Premier logo didn't get clicked as much as this one here, Adobe Premiere Pro Beginner's Guide. So it's got more text. But again, the thumbnail images are different. And it could be because we've got the text here, Adobe Premier Pro instead of just the logo. But again, I'm giving you some generalizations to help you with different things that you can play around with when you're split testing your thumbnail images. But even just changing the background color on your thumbnail images can make a big difference as well. Look at this one here. The exact same thumbnail image. I would've assumed and guessed that the yellow, the brighter color image would perform better because it's gonna stand out more. But testing it with the gray here, the gray one actually outperformed by 11.7% which is definitely decent. So you should be trying and testing new stuff. And really, your thumbnail images should be evolving with the more that you try and test and learn. And this is a big focus for us in our channel. So if you go back and have a look at the early thumbnail images on our channel for the first videos, I mean, they were terrible. There was nothing strategic about these images at all. And as we scroll up, you can actually see the evolution of the different tests and things that we were doing with these images. And then contrasting that with the ones right at the top here, the most recent ones, this is where we're now being so much more strategic with our thumbnail images and A/B split testing them all to get the best performance out of our investment in making videos. So again, the tool that we're using and to be super strategic is TubeBuddy, and we'll have a link down in the description box below. Now, if you wanna learn how to make a thumbnail image for your videos and do it fast and free, then check out the video that is linked on screen and I'll see you in there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CB375J [16 likes]: I picked all 3 thumbnails that underperformed as looking better
  2. @husnaomarh221 [1 likes]: Wow
  3. @cartoonblock [1 likes]: Thanks for the tip
  4. @GraphiXbyVini [1 likes]: I didn't knew about this strategy, thats pretty good yo thanks!
  5. @Iammattjupp [1 likes]: Another fantastic video! Much <3
  6. @eddies1980 [1 likes]: Really like your channel but there seems to be an audio issue on your recent videos... lots of echo...makes it difficult to listen to.
  7. @LivingOnCrypto [1 likes]: So it’s kind of a guessing game.. 😱
  8. @PoojaSGlamGlow: 👍👍
  9. @SmashNexus-00: but it's weird. aren't we also humans that can be the test subject? aren't we the ones clicking the videos? so aren't we clicking the nice thumbnails?
  10. @howardbetts9133: Seems the yellow background wins more often than not. Thanks for the video. Very helpful.
  11. @Fola-YT: My channels are bad😢 like to help me
  12. @Michael-4: Got them all wrong.
  13. @hafezaburaihan5835: Very nice
  14. @CSR_AHMED: WHY YOU DON'T GET 50 PERCENT MORE VIEWS 😂😂
  15. @GeelongCableLocations: Wow, and just like that, once again get confirmation that I'm no good at this YouTube game lol.
I would have put money on it that all those other thumbnails would have gotten more views than the ones that did 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
  16. @davidguy233: Hi Justin how do I put up the black Subscribe thing on all my videos.
  17. @Dabassumeer: Hi Justin , can you please make a video on we can add instagram facebook logo on a youtube video.. like how we can edit those logo in our entire video.. thanks
  18. @FatimaZahra-tb9ub: hello justin 
for god sake, I have a question about the email from Google ads, You'll need to verify your identity, so I did it and they said they will send me the email if they receive it after a few days after verifying the question.  I have verified 4 times and they still haven't sent me the email, and today they sent me again that I need to verify your identity.
and am using my NIN Or is because am not present in the country that is why they did not accept it, I need a help😮 justin
  19. @BedestNoobYT: Please pin my comment,  i've never gotten pinned.
  20. @scotttovey: At 1:32, the colors are likely not the reason that the one performed better than the other.

If the only difference in the two thumbnails was color, you would have a valid conclusion but that is not the only difference.

The thumbnail that performed better shows an image of a cell phone in portrait mode and the one that did not perform as good shows everything in landscape mode as though it's the screenshot of a computer monitor.

The title of the video is Editing videos on the iPhone.
Thus, it is more likely that the cell phone image is what made it perform better because that image reinforces and supports the title of the video.

--EDIT--

I just noticed the cell phone in your hand in image A, but it is turned off and smaller than the cell phone image in image B. B is more appealing because of the larger cell phone that appears to be on.

- Why 99% of Faceless Channels fail (YOUTUBER EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you why 99% of faceless YouTube channels fail and how you can be in the 1% that succeed but before we get into it let me explain why you should even be listening to me in the first place see I started creating faceless YouTube channels in 2017 since then I've grown over 20 faceless YouTube channels some have failed some have blown up to millions of views and from two of the channels I've made over $100,000 so in this video I'll share what I've learned over the last 6 years so that you're not in the 99% that try and fail you've probably heard of faceless YouTube channels but if you haven't picture a YouTube channel with no YouTuber in the videos that's it that's all they are and the first thing you need to know about why 99% of them fail is because people come into it thinking faceless YouTube channels are an easy way to get rich quick online and that's probably because there's a ton of YouTube videos out there telling you that that is the case people will tell you to Outsource everything go to Fiverr get a script writer a voiceover artist a video editor editor a thumbnail designer and you'll start making $10,000 per month in no time now while that $10,000 per month is definitely possible it's not going to happen in no time a lot of people have the expectation that they'll post a couple videos on YouTube that they wouldn't even watch for themselves and all of a sudden they're going to be making $10,000 a month if that's your expectation feel free to hop off of this video because that's just not the reality of it as much as I'd love for it to be it's not so you faceless YouTube channels need to be treated like any other big business to make them successful you have two choices either you can put a lot of work and time in doing every part of the video making process or you can spend a lot of money Outsourcing each component of the video making process which we will talk about in a little bit here so stick around but just know that simply going to Fiverr and hiring a couple different people to put some videos together for $10 that's not going to get you any success on YouTube growing a faceless YouTube channel takes just as much effort as if you were growing a channel with you in the actual videos the algorithm that you're facing is the same one that took Mr Beast 4 years to get his first 1,000 YouTube subscribers it took me almost 20 videos to get monetized on YouTube and to get those 20 videos made it took about $800 out of my own pocket before I even saw my first dollar and even after I saw that first dollar come from YouTube it still took me multiple months to become profitable because the amount of money that I was paying to get the videos made was less than YouTube was actually paying P me on a monthly basis took me until 8 months to actually be profitable with my first faceless YouTube channel so don't expect to go out there and start making $10,000 a month or even just a couple hundred a month for at least 6 to 8 months the next reason that most faceless YouTube channels fail is twofold people try to Outsource everything from day one and they don't actually understand how YouTube works let me explain see in order to actually make money from YouTube you need 1,000 subscribers in 4,000 watch hours or 10 million short views if you were to post 10 10 minute long YouTube videos and people watch 30% of the way through each video which believe it or not is actually pretty difficult to do each video would need 8,000 or more views in order to reach monetization eligibility there are so many people out there just saying to Outsource every aspect of the video making process but in reality if you were to Outsource everything it would cost you about $1 to $150 per video for 10 videos that's ,000 to $1,500 in total and on average it takes about 30 to 50 videos to get monetized on YouTube that's anywhere from $3,000 to $77,500 just to get enough videos created to possibly make your first dollar on YouTube so there's a lot of money that you will need upfront to start making money if you Outsource everything from the start but there is another option which a lot of people don't talk about but it's definitely the best way to get started and that's to do everything yourself and I know that sounds terrible doing all the work but hear me out putting the videos together yourself will allow you to learn the YouTube algorithm to make better decisions on video ideas titles thumbnail design and feedback on editing for when you do ultimately Outsource the video creation most faceless YouTube channels fail because people don't actually understand the YouTube platform and if you create all the videos yourself at first you will actually understand the YouTube platform and not only just the platform but the YouTube analytics which is the most important part of the YouTube platform they show you exactly who is watching your content what titles people like what style of thumbnail Works what other videos your audience is watching and if you understand how to read the YouTube analytics YouTube is essentially screaming at you how to get more views once you're monetized and once you have a good understanding of YouTube analytics and the algorithm and how the platform Works guess what you are 99% ahead of any other person who's trying faceless YouTube channels and it's time to start Outsourcing when you do Outsource you'll need to hire a script writer for the script a voiceover artist for the audio a video editor for the visuals and potentially the music and sound effects too a graphic designer for thumbnails and again this is going to cost you anywhere from $100 to $150 per video especially if you're making high quality videos and if you're not making high quality videos no one's going to watch your videos you're not going to get subscribers you're not going to get growth and you're not going to make any money from YouTube so make high quality videos please but you don't have to Outsource every part of the YouTube video making process at first you can still write the script and make the thumbnails while hiring a video editor for say $50 and a voiceover artist for say $20 or you could use an AI tool which allows you to put in one prompt and spit you out a monetizable fulllength YouTube video with the voiceover editing visuals everything done for you and you can even tweak the script afterwards or you could replace the visuals with ones that work better and ones that you like more or you can change the voiceover to your liking you can customize it however you want but using an AI tool like in video AI for instance will help you a lot in the process but either way if you're Outsourcing to people or to AI you don't have to do it all at once you can go slowly and gradually move closer to fully automating your faceless YouTube channel because remember the goal of your faceless YouTube channel is to make money if you're throwing a ton of money out without bringing any in then unfortunately you're not really doing it right and that brings me to the number one reason that 99% of faceless YouTube Channel fail they don't actually understand how to make money on YouTube they rely solely on AdSense and when they put a couple videos out and they're not making any money and their Channel's not monetized then they quit 99% of people will quit but you can actually start making money from your first video that you put out on YouTube you can do that through affiliate marketing affiliate marketing is when you talk about or show a product or service in your videos and if a viewer uses a unique affiliate link that you put in the descriptions to purchase that product or service you make a commission off of the sale let's look at top Tech now for instance it's a faceless YouTube channel that does tech reviews this is a great way to make money outside of AdSense they might do a review on say a $500 tech product and they might have a 20% affiliate commission if they get one sale from one viewer say 10 people view the video but if one person goes to the link in the description buys that product they get $100 that's $100 from one video people don't understand that you can make a lot of money and you'll probably make more more money than you will from AdSense from affiliate marketing and to find affiliate deals there's affiliate networks like ClickBank or partner stack or you could go to most websites of products or services that you like and most importantly that align with the content that you're actually putting on on your channel you scroll down to the bottom of the website and usually you'll be able to find a link to sign up as an affiliate once you sign up as an affiliate you'll put your link in the description of your videos and if someone buys you'll start making money you will not be relying solely on AdSense see this whole thing thing is about setting your expectations ahead of time and if you understand that faceless YouTube channels won't get you rich immediately Outsourcing from day one is not the best method in understanding how to make money outside of AdSense is crucial for Success your faceless YouTube channel will not be in the 99% that fail I really hope you guys got a lot of value out of this video make sure to hit that subscribe button because this is the first video of a series of videos on faceless YouTube channels where we're going to talk about everything from how to start them how to monetize them how to grow them how to get multiple channels going so that you have an army of faceless YouTube channels making money for you everything you need to know about faceless YouTube channels so hit that subscribe button thanks for watching and we will see you again soon in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @spideranime123 [1 likes]: Bro I got no views😢😢
  2. @thegirlwhofigureditout: it 's like going into youtube with rose tinted glasses - not going 2 work
  3. @MillicentOnyenso-f7v: Very helpful
  4. @samjennings701: themoneymad channel is going to blow up soon🎉
  5. @BudgetWithBuck: Nice video, bit it's not about a high quality video, it's more about solving problems from real people.
  6. @prm4uofficial: Момент про то, что большинство безликих каналов умирают из-за отсутствия чёткой ниши — это прям ключевое, потому что алгоритм буквально не понимает, кому рекомендовать видео, если канал обо всём подряд. Ещё один убийца роста, который редко упоминают — первые 2-3 секунды в шортсах решают, досмотрят или свайпнут, и тестировать нужно именно хуки, а не просто темы. Какой формат хуков у тебя показал лучшее удержание за эти 7 дней? 🤔
  7. @frenchfryofthesea: So in other words you have to have a good amount of money to do YouTube right. Gotcha.
  8. @michaelhoward5169: Really discouraging right off the bat! He's grown over 20 YT channels over a period of SEVEN YEARS, some of which have gone to MILLIONS of views (as of the date of the video). And from all that work he has made only $200K. And this guy is clearly quite successful as a creator in relative terms. This relatively small payoff for all that effort and time investment should be a massive warning signal right there for YT as a business model.
  9. @Knwyrs: Good to know
  10. @Mirrorblind: I’ve just started a channel and it is faceless. I have disabilities so there is no way I want to be viewed on video. I HAVE to use Ai and copyright free videos. I try not to make Ai slop and my script has a lot of serious work in it. I hope YouTube see that Ai isn’t all “slop”.
  11. @TheGiftofEden: Thank you so much ! I was just waiting on a quick …. Get rich quick stuff!!
  12. @jadhasaura67_cr7: now it doesn't cost 1500$ to build a video, with AI it takes 30$ a month to make 30 faceless videos.
  13. @splitterCELL94: The advice on doing everything yourself first to understand the analytics before outsourcing is so crucial, definitely a game changer for long-term success
  14. @prm4uofficial: Про удержание в безликих каналах: первые 0.5 секунды решают всё. Тестировал hook с текстом "НЕ листай" vs контекстный визуал — второй вариант дал +34% к досмотрам, потому что мозг обрабатывает картинку быстрее команды 📊
  15. @SmartMoneyMichael: This video is really interesting. I also created my own faceless channel (for now). It's only been around for 11 days. I'd love to hear what you think... Check it out if you like... Thanks!
  16. @Faceless-2-5-23: IWillKeepThatInMindThen
  17. @AabidKhan-pt9cf: As a video editor myself i charge 1000 usd plus for 10 min of "high quality" video 😂
  18. @CrimeWatchWithBennyson: Following your steps is the best thing that happened to me and my channel, .. thanks 🙏
  19. @chroniclesoftheunknown-z8r: This said a lot, a lot of people just lie about how much to be made within short of time within talking about the work , I started mind a month and half ago, yet I Realised I need a successful channel I can look up to when I’m making my videos..
  20. @HauntHorizon4: This is good

- This Is the REAL Way Small Channels Get Monetized: Kind: captions Language: en So, something changed on YouTube and most small creators don't know it yet. One member in my community just got monetized in one month. Not because he got lucky, but because I helped him change three things on his channel. And I'm seeing this happen again and again with members inside my community. After they apply these changes, they get more and more views on their uploads. So, if you keep uploading and nothing happens, if your views stop and your channel feels stuck, this video is for you. Now, for those of you who don't know, my name is Danny. I run multiple faceless YouTube channels. As you can see, my play buttons in the background. Faceless channels are basically YouTube channels where you don't show your face and you don't use your voice. Not only that, but I grew this channel you're watching right now to almost 100,000 subscribers in just 4 months. I'm going to show you the analytics on the screen right now. And what I do on this channel is help small creators grow on YouTube. If that sounds interesting, hopefully by the end of this video, you will learn how to grow on YouTube and how to get monetized. Let's begin. Here's where most small creators get stuck. You understand that you need a niche. Everyone understands that part. If you make gaming videos, that's your niche. If you talk about history, that's your niche. If you make cooking videos, that's your niche. That part is pretty clear. But even after picking a niche, something still feels wrong. You sit down to make a video and you don't know what to post. You don't know how to title your video. You don't know if the idea is good or bad. So, you upload something random. Sometimes it gets some views, then it stops. You feel frustrated. You start thinking that something is broken or maybe you're just bad at this. And slowly you lose direction. This is not because you don't work hard and it's not because you picked the wrong niche. It's because you don't have a clear way to decide what to post next. Let me show you something very simple. I want you to imagine that your channel is about history. It doesn't matter if you show your face or not. History is your topic. History is your niche. Now, instead of sitting there trying to force ideas out of your head, I want you to do something different. Create a new YouTube account. Not a new channel, just a new account. You can do this in a few clicks. Go to the top right corner on YouTube, click on switch account, and then create a new account for personal use. This new account has one purpose. When you use this account, you only watch history videos. Nothing else. No gaming, no vlogs, no food, no random stuff. Just history. Search for topics you care about. Click on videos, let them play, watch a few. Do this every day. Now, at first, nothing's going to happen. But after a while, when you open YouTube on this account, the homepage looks different. YouTube starts showing you history videos, a lot of them. And not just any videos, videos that already have views. Videos people are already watching for a long time. Because YouTube does not recommend videos by accident. If a video shows up on your homepage, it means something about that video works. Now your job becomes much easier. You look at these videos and you ask simple questions. Why did I click on this? What made this interesting? What does this title make me feel? And all you have to do is let YouTube recommend you videos from your niche that are already working and then just inspire from them. I'm not saying copy them. I'm saying inspire. Recreate the same ideas in your own style. This way, you don't feel lost anymore. YouTube is going to show you a bunch of videos that are already working, and all you have to do is inspire from them and create something new. It's that simple. This is exactly how I find ideas for my own channels, even my faceless channels. I don't wait for inspiration all the time. I let YouTube show me what people already want to watch. But, as I said, on this new account, you only watch content from your niche, nothing else. You don't upload videos on this account. You don't leave comments with this account. All you do is watch videos from your niche. This account is going to be like a tool. If you mix content, YouTube mixes recommendations and then you're back where you started. But here's the part most people miss. Even if you do all of this, even if you never run out of ideas, even if your titles and thumbnails improve, your channel still won't grow fast if you make this next mistake. Right now, YouTube wants one main thing from creators. But most creators miss it because they look in the wrong place. They look at the views. They look at the numbers. They look at the graphs and they keep asking the same question. Why did this video stop? But by the time you ask that, it's already too late. Instead, I want you to think about how people watch videos. Think about when you open Netflix. You don't open it to watch one random thing and leave. You open it because you want to stay. You watch one episode, then another one starts, then maybe one more episode, and suddenly a lot of time has passed. Now imagine this. You watch the first episode of a show. You like it. You understand it. You feel interested. Then episode two starts, but it has nothing to do with the first one. New story, new people, new mood. You would feel confused. Most people would stop watching that show right away. And that kind of show never really does well. Not because it's bad, but because it doesn't connect. YouTube works in a very similar way. When someone watches one of your videos, YouTube looks at what happens next. Does the person stay or do they leave? This is where almost every small creator gets stuck. Most creators think they're doing things right because they picked a niche. But even inside a niche, they still post videos about different topics. One video goes in one direction, the next one goes somewhere else. Each video is okay on its own, but together they don't feel connected. So when the video ends, the viewer doesn't know what to watch next, and they leave. Let me give you a simple example. Imagine a gaming channel. One day it posts Fortnite, the next day it posts World of Warcraft. The next day it posts something else. Yes, it's all gaming, but they're all different games, different topics, and not every person inside the niche is interested in every single topic. To the viewer, it feels random. There's no clear reason to watch the next video, so they leave. But if you're able to fix this, I promise your channel is going to blow up. And this is what I'm seeing with members inside my community. As soon as I help them fix this issue, they start getting more and more views. Now, if this feels confusing, let me show you a couple of channels so you understand how this works. This channel over here is called Tearsu. And the channel posts videos about animals. And in each video, it ranks one different animal based on strength, agility, survivability, and whatever. And obviously, the channel has millions of subscribers because he's been doing what I've been telling you. If you look at his videos, they're all connected. For example, if you want to see how strong a mouse is, maybe you also want to watch another video to see how strong a cat is. And after you watch a video about how strong a cat is, maybe you want to watch another video about how strong a dog is. Now, let's look at another channel. This channel over here is called Beard Meets Food. And all he does, he goes to random restaurants who have a specific food challenge and does the challenge. Now, every single video is filmed in a different city, in a different restaurant with a different type of food challenge, but they all feel connected because if you watch this guy eat 10,000 calories of French fries, maybe you also want to watch him eat 12,000 calories of pizza. So, you see, without even trying, all these videos are connected because it makes the viewer want to watch more. And this is what every big successful YouTube creator has done and is doing. If you stop to pay attention to their channel, you will actually recognize this pattern where every single video actually feels connected and it makes you want to watch more and more just like a Netflix show. Now, it's not exactly like a Netflix show where the story connects. It's more about how the videos connect. And the most powerful thing about this is that every single new upload will push older uploads because they're connected. So, I'll give you my channel as an example. Every time I post a new video, this new video pushes my older videos because my older videos are very similar. I talk about the same topic. I teach people how to grow on YouTube. And because of this, the videos are connected. It just makes sense that the viewer might just want to watch another video. And this is exactly what YouTube wants. The YouTube algorithm wants that when you post a new video, that video is able to promote your other videos. If you're able to do this on your YouTube channel, if you manage to do this, I promise your channel will grow and you will come back to this video and you'll say, "Thank you, Denny. Why? Thank you so much." Okay. Now, this thing where videos connect and it makes viewers want to watch more and more is something I call flow. Flow is when one video makes the next video feel natural. When your channel feels like a place people want to stay. When viewers don't ask what is this, but instead think okay, what's next? You don't need perfect videos. You don't need crazy numbers. You need flow. You need connection. You need a reason for people to stay. YouTube doesn't reward random uploads. It rewards flow. Now, I want to be very honest with you for a moment. If everything we talked about today feels like a lot, that's normal. Most people try to grow on YouTube completely alone. Wanting to become a YouTuber is a very lonely and anxious journey. And I'm sure you're feeling this or you probably felt this. I remember working five days on a video. I've been editing the video a lot and I thought when I'm going to post it, it's going to get maybe 10,000 views, 20,000 views, 100,000 views. I just created these expectations in my head. And after posting the video on which I worked for 5 days, it got zero views in the first hours. Then after a few hours, it got around 20 30 views, which made me feel very bad about myself. And then a couple of days later, the video actually started to grow, but it only got like 1,500 views, 1,600 views, I don't even remember. And then it just stopped forever. And then you go ahead and you make another video, you post it, and you have the same results. After a couple of videos, you start to hate yourself. You start to think that maybe you're just completely bad at this, and you will never succeed. You will never have financial success. you will never have the freedom to travel the world without having a 9-5 and a boss. And it just makes you feel really bad about yourself. And I know this perfectly because I've been in the same place many, many times. So, first of all, if you're feeling this way, you're not alone. I've been feeling this way. And look at me. I have this channel right now. I got it to 100,000 subscribers in just four months. I have millions of subscribers on my face YouTube channels. It is possible. All you need to do is learn or get help. That's exactly why I've built my private community. And inside the community, you have my course, which is a course that will teach you how to grow on YouTube. You have a video editing course that will teach you how to edit videos for YouTube. You will have lifetime access to my thumbnail tester tool. This is a tool where you can post your thumbnails and test them before you post them to YouTube. And you have lifetime access to this tool for free after you join. Not only that, but you get one- on-one coaching with me. As you can see inside my community, there's this section called members post. And over here, members can post their channels and I answer to every single one of them and I share feedback. See on the screen, members are sharing their channels and I reply to them with feedback with what to improve and what to do. So, if you're feeling stuck and you want my personal help, you can just join my community, paste your channel or ask your questions and I will be there to answer them. Not only that, but this community is filled with creators who invested inside the community. creators who want to grow, who want to help each other. So, by joining my private community, you won't feel alone anymore. You will have a community with creators who want to grow, who want to help each other, and you also have me as your coach. So, if you want to grow on YouTube, I'll be inside a community waiting for your questions. There's going to be a link down in the description where you can join my community. The link down in the description is going to send you to my website. So, you can check the website, blah blah blah. And if you're ready to join, join my community. I'll see you inside. Now, let me show you the most important thing you can do to grow faster on YouTube. Let me tell you a quick story. When I was in school, I had a lot of teachers. I don't remember most of them. They all thought the same way. They dressed the same way. They talked the same way. They kind of blended together in my memory. But there was one teacher I never forgot. He had a very big afro hair. I don't remember his lessons, but I remember him because of his big afro hair. That's the power of being different. Not different in a loud way. Not trying to be weird, just something that makes you easy to remember. On YouTube, this matters more than ever because right now there are thousands of creators in every niche. Thousands of people making similar videos, talking about similar topics, using similar thumbnails. If you look like everyone else, you disappear. But if something about you stands out, even something small, people start to remember you. They recognize you. They come back. Let me show you why this is important and how it works in real life. Let's say you're a teenager and you go to a party with your friends and everyone there is dressed the same in costumes, dark hair, blonde hair, but there's this guy none of you know, but he has pink glasses and he wears them all the time. You see him at this party with the pink glasses and you don't know him and your friends don't know him, but you start to talk and he introduces himself. He says his name is Mike. You say your name is Daniel, right? And you have a conversation with him, whatever. And then the party ends. 7 days later, you and your friends will talk about this party. And none of you remember the guy with the pink glasses name. You don't remember his name because you were a little bit drunk. You talked with many people. You don't remember his name, but you remember his pink glasses. So all of you start referring to him as the guy with the pink glasses. Do you guys remember the guy with the pink glasses? Do you guys remember what that guy with the pink glasses did? Do you see how one small thing that makes you original, that makes you unique, can separate you from everyone else? And now everyone else remembers you as the guy with the pink glasses. That is why having something of your own is very important because people who don't know you yet on YouTube. Viewers who don't know you yet will remember you from that one thing. I assume that many people remember me because of my tattoos. I have neck tattoos. I have tattoos all over my arms. And they probably remember me because I'm the guy with the neck tattoos. Now, I'm not saying you have to go and buy pink glasses. I'm not saying you have to go and get neck tattoos. All I'm saying is that you need something that makes you brandable, that makes you easy to remember. Maybe a specific background color. All your backgrounds are blue. All your backgrounds are yellow. Maybe a specific hat with your logo all the time. Something that makes you easy to remember to new viewers, viewers who don't know you yet. So, if a new viewer sees a new video and your background is red all the time, the next time YouTube shows him your videos, he will recognize the background faster than he recognizes you or anything else or the title, whatever. And just like I said before, if you actually take the time to study top creators, you will notice those things. You will notice there are specific things about them for which you remember them for. The next time you're watching your favorite creator, your favorite top creator, go ahead and look a little bit deeper to his thumbnails, to his videos, and you will start to notice that there are these patterns. They have the same topics. There's something you recognize them for. And unconsciously, these are the things that made you like this creator. You just don't know it. But now, after watching my video, hopefully you know it. Now, as I said, if you want to learn how to grow on YouTube and you need my personal help, you can join my community, there's going to be a link down in the description that explains everything. It's basically my website. And if you want to learn more about the YouTube algorithm for free, you should watch this video over here because in this video, I'll show you how to fix your videos after they stop getting views. So, when you post a video to YouTube, it gets views and then it stops. In this video, I'm going to teach you how to fix that. So click.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danny_why [590 likes]: Small creators, gather below <3
  2. @ItsHavoc_Fenrir [1 likes]: Thank you for your tips, I will follow them. I have my own YouTube Channel. I will come back to this video and comment again.
  3. @marcjezreeliris: Please help me man I’m working hard of editing and I barely get any😭😭
  4. @WealthTalksAnimated: Faceless youtube channels all the way!❤
  5. @WeirdClippingHub: Hope it'll work
See y'all in 1 month
  6. @RK23Studio-f3e: My only subscribe 5 😭😭😭
  7. @HappykidwordsCartoon: I'm india ❤
  8. @MaxSavage888: Subscribe ❤
  9. @TrueCrimeStories67-m: Thanks for this video some great information. Also I Love beard meets food such a great channel
  10. @TrueCrimeStories67-m: Love to see all these new creators on here! Good luck to you all👊 I have also just started. 2 days in and have 4 subscribers. Slow start but progress is progress
  11. @ThePaDaddy: But YT is beginning to DEMONITIZE "impersonal" faceless channels now.  This is USELESS!
  12. @цифроваяУчилка: Thanks.
  13. @kittykittcat: Hey Danny 
Thanks for your informative videos
I have a renovation channel
Is it ok to talk about design for renovation in long form and show construction tips in short from?
  14. @Sparkinthedark123: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/PPatprpcJeA
  15. @Homebased_Me: Thank you Sir 😊
  16. @godsecretv: Really?
  17. @TheCuriousFloridaMan: I've watched beard meets food it's interesting in a strange way.
  18. @AtlasMyths-d8f: I want to start it bro but my resources is not good
  19. @MasterJack-y9y: https://www.youtube.com/@MasterJack-y9y
  20. @CheerioCouchPotato: Keep going - all the small creators. I keep going, too. 💪🍀😁

- The Dangers of Quick Fix Services for YouTube Monetization 🚫 #Monetization #YouTubeTips: Kind: captions Language: en Are you a new YouTuber dreaming of monetizing your channel fast? You have probably seen ads or heard stories about quick fix services promising to get you to 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hours in no time. Right? But before you hit that buy button, you need to hear this. Sure, YouTube's partner program sounds great. earn money through ads, memberships, super chats. But to unlock monetization, there's one big hurdle. Meeting YouTube's eligibility requirements. You need to hit 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hours in the past year. And let's face it, reaching those milestones can feel like a marathon, not a sprint. So, what's a new creator to do? Many turn to quick fix services offering a fast track to monetization for a price. But here's the thing, you need to be careful. These services promise to boost your subscribers or watch hours often for hundreds or even thousands of dollars. And while that might sound like an easy way to get noticed, it's not all sunshine and rainbows. Here's why you should think twice before buying into these services. YouTube may reject your monetization due to violation of YouTube's policies. Lowquality subscribers and views. This results in wasted money and missed opportunities. First up, YouTube might reject your monetization application even if you hit the 1,000 subscribers and 4,000 watch hours. YouTube's review process is not just about numbers. They also check if those numbers are real. Fake subscribers, bots watching your videos that could get your application flagged or even rejected. Next, violating YouTube's policies can have serious consequences. Fake views and subscribers, that's a big no no according to YouTube. And if they catch you, the penalties can be harsh, demonetization, suspension, or even termination of your channel. And let's not forget about lowquality subscribers and views. Even if you hit the required numbers, purchased subscribers are often inactive or disinterested. Those fake views won't turn into loyal fans and worst of all they won't engage with your content. Plus, you are throwing your money down the drain instead of wasting cash on shortcuts. Why not invest in strategies that build your channel organically? So, how can you grow your channel the right way and actually earn your way to monetization? Let's talk about some key strategies. Start by creating highquality content. Your audience wants value. Whether it's entertainment, information, or inspiration. Keep improving and uploading regularly. Consistency is the secret source. Don't forget to promote your channel on social media like Instagram, X, Twitter, or Facebook. Drive traffic to your videos and connect with potential viewers to grow your audience. Engage with your audience. Respond to comments, create polls, and get involved in the community. YouTube loves channels with active engagement. So, talk to your viewers and make them feel heard. Also, optimize your channel and videos for search. Use relevant keywords in your titles. descriptions.

- Data-Driven Success: Leveraging YouTube Analytics for Channel Growth: Kind: captions Language: en will you might be surprised to learn there are actually plenty of ways to create content and make money on this platform without utilizing film or video footage technically speaking you don't even need a YouTube account to cash in on the many opportunities this lucrative platform has to offer without further Ado below you will find a list of some of the best and easiest ways to make money on the YouTube platform without making videos guided meditation one of the most popular methods of making money on YouTube without making videos is to focus heavily on audio and while YouTube recently started cracking down monetizing audio that they deem repetitive in nature like white noise more on this later unique guided meditations can be a great alternative just take a look at the Bojo beautiful yoga channel for instance this channel currently boasts nearly 2.7 million subscribers with thousands of views on the majority of their videos you could also do what the above channel has done and add a store to your channel however it is important to note as I briefly mentioned above that YouTube recently started cracking down on videos that they deem repetitive in nature this is an effort to prevent the platform being overrun with redundant White Noise gambian content so if you're exploring this Niche make sure that you are providing a unique experience with unique audio and unique rotating images or Ken burn style slideshow for better sound quality you may even want to consider upgrading to an external microphone like this one or hire an artist to create custom music audio on Fiverr that's what we do just be sure to review your license agreements before you publish record s Mr audio to you the second hottest category in YouTube audio is something called asema Asma stands for autonomous sensory Meridian in response it's a term used to describe the tingling sensation generated in response to specific audio triggers like tapping scratching and Whispering the example of bub features a unique compilation of Asmar triggering sounds without visuals and has garnered more than 241 000 views equating to roughly 1205 dollars in ad Revenue although again I would recommend adding a simple custom slideshow awesome another form of a custom visual to avoid the repetitive content label visit persuasivemedia solutions.com and start monetizing your channel from today

- The Future of YouTube (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just dropped their biggest report of the year. And if you're running faceless YouTube channels or thinking about running a faceless channel, or you're really running any channel on YouTube at all, this might be the most important video you watch all this year. Because here's what most people don't realize. YouTube is about to go through some massive changes in 2026, and the creators who adapt to these changes early are going to be the ones that absolutely dominate. Meanwhile, everybody else is going to be left behind wondering what happened. They might be saying, "Matt, what are you even talking about? What are these changes?" Well, YouTube just released their Culture and Trends Report. And buried in this report are some game-changing insights that most creators are completely ignoring. But here's the thing. These changes are actually perfect for faceless YouTube channels if you know how to leverage them correctly. Now, I personally run 12 different faceless YouTube channels. I've helped over 11,000 people grow their own channels, and I've made over $10 million from my channels. Now, I'm not saying any of this to brag, just to show you that I know what I'm talking about when it comes to doing YouTube. So, when I see changes like this that are coming, I pay attention. And I've been paying attention to all of the changes over the past 10 years during my time on YouTube. And more importantly, I think I figured out how to use these changes to our advantage, which can present massive opportunities to you and me. And that's exactly what I'm going to show you today. I'm going to break down the five biggest changes that are coming to YouTube, and more importantly, how to position yourself and your faceless channels, or any type of channel, to take advantage of every single one of them. But first of all, let me tell you why this matters so much right now. YouTube isn't just some video platform anymore. Over a billion hours are spent on YouTube every single day, which is more than Netflix, more than TV, or than everything else combined. And the craziest part is that they paid $70 to creators just in the past couple years. So, we're not just talking about some little side hustle opportunity here. We're talking about the biggest media platform in human history, and it's growing faster than ever. That's the thing. Like, people used to look at YouTube back when I was doing it as a high school student, and I was making a couple thousand dollars a month, they looked at YouTube as a joke. And people thought, you know, YouTube's going to come and go. But now I'm sitting here in 2025, 10 years later, and I'm making over half a million dollars a month from YouTube. Again, I'm not saying any of this to brag whatsoever, but I just want to show you that YouTube has grown exponentially, and the people who have ridden that wave of doing YouTube during that time have benefited enormously like myself, and I'm incredibly grateful to be in a position that I am today. But in my opinion, over the next 10 years it's going to grow even exponentially more. But the thing is, the rules of the game are changing. And what worked in 2020 is not going to be working now in 2025 and going into 2026. And if you don't adapt, you're going to be crushed by algorithm changes, the competition, and potentially even getting your channel banned, which I don't want to happen to you, which is why I'm making this video right now. Now, that being said, the good news is that if you do understand these changes and position your channel correctly, then 2026 could be your biggest year ever on YouTube. So, let me break down the five biggest changes that are coming and exactly how to use them for your faceless channels, or really any type of channel. So, after going through the YouTube report, the first change that I saw was that subscribers don't really matter anymore. now and going forward to going viral and making sure your content reaches as big of an audience as possible is picking the right interest. This is probably the biggest shift happening on YouTube right now, and most creators have no idea that it's even going on. Here's a quote directly from YouTube's report. They say that audiences initially are drawn to creators through shared special interests and stay for the innovative ways that those creators explore and expand those fixations. They might be saying, "Matt, what in the world does that mean in simple terms?" Subscribers do not matter like they used to. You can literally start a brand new faceless channel today, and if you understand viewer interest, you can go viral and get discovered in a matter of days. No existing audience required. Why is this happening? It's because YouTube's algorithm has completely shifted. Instead of recommending videos based on people that you're subscribed to, it's now recommending based on what people are interested in more so. Let me give you an example of this. Say for example that you're interested in politics or stock market news, and you create a video about some of the biggest things that are happening in those spaces. YouTube's algorithm will automatically push that content to audiences that are interested in those niches. This is huge for faceless channels or any channel on YouTube because it levels the playing field completely. Think about your own YouTube behavior. You don't go to YouTube wanting to find some specific person or some specific channel to follow. You go because you want to learn something, you're interested in a topic, or you just want to be entertained on a specific topic. Let's say you want to learn about making money online, for example. Maybe you're interested in health and fitness. Maybe you want to know about the latest AI tools. You're searching based off of interest and not personality. And this is where faceless channels in particular, like I've been showing how to do over the past few years, have a massive advantage. Because you're not selling your personality, you're solving problems and tapping into interest. But it's not as simple as it sounds. There's a few things that you need to know before YouTube actually starts to push your content. Here's how to leverage this change for your faceless channels. Number one is to pick an interest-based niche. Don't pick a niche based on what you think is going to get views. Pick a niche that contains a genuine problem that people want to solve. Over the years, I've seen these five niches that you're seeing on the screen right now consistently rise to the top because they're evergreen topics. Feel free to pause and take a look at these niches, and there's tons of different sub niches under these as well, which I would recommend going into. So, instead of just doing health and fitness, for example, do something like longevity or health and fitness for older people, or health and fitness for younger people. Number two then is to use titles that have already worked, but not specifically in your niche. So, don't try to reinvent the wheel and come up with some new topic that's never been done before. Instead, recreate videos that have done really well in your niche, but also recreate videos that have done well outside your niche. And you might be saying, "Matt, how does that even make sense? If I'm going to be recreating videos outside my niche, wouldn't that by definition be making videos outside my niche?" Not at all. What you want to do is take the concept that's worked in those other niches, and then apply that to your niche. For example, I saw this video go pretty viral, and it was about uh mega-dosing creatine after like 50 years old. And videos like this have gone viral in other sub niches of health, like mega-dosing different supplements and stuff like that, but nobody's done it in regards to creatine as an older person. And this guy did it, and he had a pretty small channel. He was barely getting any views on any of his videos, but then he did that, and his channel absolutely took off. He got millions of views on his past couple videos because he found a topic that worked in another sub niche, but then he applied it to his sub niche. And then make sure to use those keywords from your title actually verbally in your video as well, so you speak them throughout the video. And there's some pros and cons of this new YouTube change. You know, you might be thinking, "Matt, if I already have a bunch of subscribers, like I personally do on a lot of my channels, couldn't this be seen as a bad thing due to the fact that I'm not going to be getting my videos surfaced as much to my own subscribers?" And yes, you could look at it that way. However, how I view this is that it levels the playing field so that you're competing against all the other videos on YouTube, and every video is its own specific seed that you're basically planting, and if it's good enough, it will come to harvest, and it will do really good on YouTube. But the key is that the video has to be good enough, and the way you do that is by providing as much value as possible, which keeps people on the platform. You can also implement my session time hack as well by sending people to a really long video after they watch one of your videos, and I'll give you an example of that at the end of this video as well, where you send people to another one of your own super long videos via end screen, and then that'll keep people on YouTube for a long period of time, increasing your session time, and therefore getting you a bunch of views cuz YouTube wants to push out content that keeps people on the platform. And if you do want to sell something for your channel, you do it from that long video, but not from all the other videos on your channel. Now, the second change that's happening involves long and short. Let me explain. Another quote from the report is that the videos that we watch and that people are watching on YouTube are getting both longer and shorter. So, how does that work? Well, YouTube discovered that it's in the extremes that people are absolutely crushing it right now. The first is micro content, also commonly known as YouTube Shorts. And the second is deep content, which are videos longer than 20, 30 minutes, sometimes even hour-long videos. This is the kind of content that gets you a very high retention, so even if you get less views on it, you're keeping those views on YouTube for a long period of time, kind of like what I'm talking about. And usually, I go for this longer type of content because you don't have to get as many views, and you can make way more money from it from my experience. But what YouTube is telling us in the report is that both of these types of content can work incredibly well for getting millions of views. So, the ideal strategy in an ideal world would be to use both of these types of content in something that I would call the perfect balance strategy. Because the thing is, if you're going to do YouTube Shorts, doing YouTube Shorts alone is not enough. The real money is in long-form content, but if you're going to do Shorts, and you want to benefit from the billions of views that are spent on YouTube Shorts, then you need to create Shorts that give a little bit of value, and then link those Shorts to your long-form video by way of adding a related video as you upload the short. You can do that, you can link it to another video, and then post as many Shorts as you possibly can, all linking to a long video to benefit from them as much as possible. That way, you're using both formats to your advantage. And also, you can even take clips out of your longer-form videos, and then make those into Shorts as well. But personally, I like to focus on the longer-form videos. There's a lot more money in them, and honestly, I don't really do much with Shorts as of right now, anyways. If you wanted to just go super viral and get millions of views and have cool analytics to show and get play buttons to show that you got a million subscribers and so forth, then Shorts are definitely the easiest way of doing that. However, if you want to make a lot of money from your channel and build your channel into a huge business and everything, then longer form is better. So, it depends on your priorities here. My priorities are building a huge business off of YouTube, and also trying to give a lot of value as well. So, I'm focusing as much as possible on the longer-form aspect of content. And that brings me to the third change that's happening on YouTube right now, and this is a huge one. See, most people don't realize that a lot of people are watching YouTube now on their TVs. In fact, more than ever before. YouTube has actually dominated TV watch time over the past couple years, and not many people realize this. And it means that people are treating YouTube like Netflix now. They're sitting on their couch, they're playing a video, they're letting it play it for 30, 60 minutes, and in some cases, they're playing a video overnight in their bedroom on their TV doing like sleep sounds, or for example, sleep philosophy videos so they can get smarter as they sleep. These are actually huge niches. There's also sleeping history videos, which are absolutely taking off right now. And this is massive for faceless channels because you don't need charisma, you don't need a personality to create this type of content. You just need content that people can consume passively. Let me give you a couple examples. So this channel Uncharted Mysteries does these super long videos, like 3 to 4 hour long videos. And what it is is like interesting historical stories, dark stories, and stuff like that. And similarly, this channel called Dreams of Disclosure has some stories like that also that you can fall asleep to. There's also channels like all those sleeping history and sleeping philosophy videos. And also channels like Top Travel, which makes multiple hour long travel guide videos about different destinations, and they get tons of views. And do you know what the CPMs on this type of content is like, which is how much you make per thousand views? Typically, it's very high because you can put a lot of ad breaks in that long of content. But even putting the ads aside, this type of content will gather so much watch time. Now, how do you actually conceptualize doing this type of content? Well, what you want to do is to create content that's understandable even if someone isn't actively watching the screen. This means clear voice-overs, good quality audio, and content that doesn't necessarily heavily rely on visual elements. In fact, a lot of these like sleeping history, sleeping philosophy channels, of times, it's literally just like AI generated visuals in the background of the video where all they're just talking about different historical or philosophy facts with an AI voice-over. Now, if you're going to use an AI voice-over, don't do the ones that everybody else uses on stuff like 11 Labs. Try to find something unique, or even better yet, clone your own voice to use. Like I've cloned my own voice, it's on 11 Labs, anybody can use it. If you want to use it to make a faceless channel, be my guest because it's not as heavily used as those default voices that everybody else is using. And lastly, do not artificially cut your videos short. can provide value for 45 minutes, do it. Like for example, if you're making a comprehensive guide about all of the best places in a specific country, don't just limit it to just a couple cities. Go over a bunch of different cities and a bunch of different tourist attractions to make your video as long as you possibly can. YouTube loves longer watch times, they'll give you all the views and subscribers that you want if you can keep people on the platform. And TV viewing is a huge change that YouTube mentioned in the report that you should definitely focus on. fourth change is the intimacy effect, which is authenticity and automation. Now, you might be saying, "Matt, how can you provide any type of authenticity in faceless content? By definition, faceless content is literally content that doesn't even have you in it." And this is where most people get faceless channels completely wrong. Authenticity doesn't mean showing your face. It means being real, vulnerable, and providing genuine value. But the thing is, you can do all of these things without you even being involved at all. So what I've been talking about a lot lately on this channel is making something like an AI avatar. It can be of yourself, it could be of just an avatar that you invent and create, and then having that avatar basically represent the channel and be the face of it. Like there's this one channel, I think it's called Yellow Man or Yellow Guy. Look it up on YouTube, and basically they do these fitness tutorials, and that avatar is the face of the channel. And personally, I think it's an incredibly good idea to create an avatar like this for any type of faceless channel you run because then you're building real brand IP with your channel. So if anything happens to your channel or anything else in the future, you've still got that IP that you built up, and you've built a real brand on YouTube. This is really important and something I think a lot more people should focus on. Now, the fifth change is the creator to founder pipeline. This is perhaps the most important change, especially if you want to make money on YouTube because after analyzing YouTube's new report, something is very clear. Successful creators don't just make content, they create companies. Because if you think about it, making content or paying people to make it for you and so forth and expanding on a bigger bigger scale requires resources, it requires money. And the only way you're going to get that money is by monetizing your channel correctly. You're not You shouldn't just be in this to get views. Views, in my opinion, are vanity metrics, and if you want to get views, just upload shorts like we talked about earlier. But if you want to build a real business on YouTube, then I recommend doing a couple things. Number one, focus on educational content rather than entertainment. If you make how-to type videos, then you people with a direct problem that they want solved. And then what you can do is send those people to a ultra-long video that's kind of like a complete guide. So you're doing what we talked about earlier, keeping people on YouTube for a long period of time, but not only that, then at the end of that complete guide, you sell them a solution. Now, the best solution is either a software where you can make monthly recurring income from it, or an online course. Now, you might be saying, "Matt, I'm not an expert. I don't know how I'm going to even offer that." The thing is, you don't have to sell it yourself. Instead, be an affiliate for something that already exists. Just go to ChatGPT and ask it, "What are the best affiliate programs for a digital product, either a course or a software, that I could promote for my channel?" And then take those, become an affiliate for them, and then promote that from your channel in the way we're talking about. But don't just promote it on every single video. Instead, send people to a long video, keep people on the platform, and then sell it. Let me show you the math just to prove this. Let's say you implement these strategies, you get 100,000 views a month across all of your content by the end of 2025 going into 2026. With traditional YouTube automation and traditional YouTube and doing YouTube the traditional way, at a $10 CPM, which is pretty good, that's making $10 per thousand views, then you're only making $1,000 a month. You might be saying, "Matt, that's not bad for only 100k views," which I agree. However, it's not life-changing, it's not what I would recommend shooting for. But with the strategies I'm showing you, that same 100,000 views could potentially generate 20k per month or more. Now, it's really important to understand that these kind of results are definitely not guaranteed. important disclaimer I need to give every single time because some people think they can just upload videos to YouTube and they automatically make 20k a month. That's not the way it works. But what I'm saying is that I've seen from my own experience with running channels, I've made 27k a month off a channel that only got 166k views in that month. And it's because I sold a digital product from my channel in the way that we're talking about. And that channel is completely faceless, by the way. And now look, I know this might seem overwhelming, there's tons of changes happening on YouTube right now, and it can feel like the rules are just constantly shifting. But here's the truth. These changes are actually the biggest opportunity that we've seen on YouTube in years. The playing field is level, and smart creators who understand these trends are going to be the ones that absolutely dominate. The question is, are you going to be one of them? So you have two choices at this point. You either keep doing things the same way you have been, hoping for ad revenue, competing with millions of people, maybe just making entertainment content, or you can adapt to these changes and position yourself for 2026 and build a real business. Now, if you want the second path, I do have a program called Tube Accelerator where I'll show you exactly how to do this step-by-step, exactly how I'm running faceless channels in a new updated way for 2025. You can schedule a call with my team down at the link below. And also, if you want to learn more about it and you're unsure about whether you want to join a program right now or anything else, totally understandable, then you can check out this video next to me right here, which will show you exactly how to run faceless YouTube channels in a complete guide. And as I promised, I'm doing exactly what I was telling you about earlier, which is linking to a very long video on your channel and then keeping people on the platform. So I practice what I preach. Check that video out right there. My name is Matt Par, thanks for watching everybody, and I will see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lizagalang-w6i [1 likes]: Omg 😊you’re the answer to all about you tube beginners thank you for your informative videos
  2. @RandomStrings0 [1 likes]: This is great .. really greatttte
  3. @YourHighFrequencyPalce [1 likes]: Soon 300K also for this incredibly amazing and beautiful video! ✨🌟
Every Matt's video needs to be watched this much and more - every Matt's video is guidebook for every YouTube creator with information which is so necessary to know. 

And everyone here be sure that Matt is the very best to learn from and if you want to create a successful YouTube channel and business, I recommend you to learn only from Matt! 

I wish you all much success on YouTube!

And Matt, you know all you create is absolutely the best and most beautiful ✨🌟 
Thank You so much as always ✨ for being You ✨ You know that all You do is way more than the visible part ✨
  4. @SoNowIknow-l6v [1 likes]: Nice bro😊
  5. @YourHighFrequencyPalce [1 likes]: Amazing that so many people already have learned from this very important video! Soon 300K and I'm sure many more creators will learn from this very important video! 
I really recommend everyone this video and all other Matt's videos, everything he is teaching! He really is the very, very best to learn from! 

And please let's not skip ads for Matt's videos, he invests huge work to create all this content, it's important that everyone appreciates this and the easiest way how to say Thank You practically is by not skipping ads! 

Matt Thank You so much as always ✨ 
For being You ✨
  6. @tinyrosecreates [1 likes]: If you've ended up here and just started on YT in Jan, 2026, keep on going! :)
  7. @Adrian13131: I guess it doesn’t help that I started after 2026 started :(
  8. @BlueBerry-225: Nice background
  9. @MoneySimple.finance: terrific
  10. @RandomStrings0: That’s is Trey 10:56 true
  11. @RandomStrings0: Thank you for honesty
  12. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals overtaking raw view counts is huge — a lot of automation channels are still optimizing for volume when they should be engineering for saves and shares per impression instead. One thing worth adding: the first-hour comment velocity on a new upload is becoming a surprisingly strong push signal for Browse, so building even a small community that shows up early matters more than most people realize. Curious how you're thinking about the Shorts-to-long-form pipeline shifting into next year? 🤔
  13. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: This is so amazing video and it's great that so many people are learning here! 

Everyone, please be sure that Matt is the very best to learn from! 
His knowledge and understanding about YouTube and business is incredible and if you choose to learn from Matt, you can be sure that you will receive the best! 

Also please don't skip ads for Matt's videos, he invests so much work in creating all this amazing free content and not skipping ads is easy practical way to say Thank You for Matt! 

I'm really happy to see nice comments here and let's continue to share good words, it's important that Matt feels appreciated, encouraged and inspired! 

I wish everyone much success on YouTube! 

Matt, THANK YOU so much as always, for all You do, you know how much it is and most of all Thank You for being You ✨🌟
  14. @MUSIC-hd6vp: im facinated by the background in this video, whats going on? it looks like some crater out of a sci fi movie! with buildings in the rocks! where was this filmed?
  15. @darrylbrown5321: How do you put ads in sleep content without it been disruptive 🤔
  16. @learnlanguageswithlimat230: Hey Matt, can I start a language teaching channel. Does it still have reach?
  17. @adeolagold_sing: Small creator let’s grow
  18. @YourHighFrequencyPalce: MATT HAS CREATED AND JUST LAUNCED SOMETHING ABSOLUTELY AMAZING, platform called moonn. More about this he is telling in his video from 1.01.2026. Now it's ready and you can join! I cannot write all information I would like here, as YouTube doesn't allow to post it, but his platform is listed on my channel in the description as well! It's clean information of course I never use anything affiliatelike for what Matt has created! 🌕✨
  19. @TheOjaiPlantGuy: 0:34 fuck I just started building posting pictures of my dog as a hope of being one of those that get something out of it
  20. @ZBVault: I’m kinda convinced he just posted this to get views like he explained at 9:45

- How to Grow an Audience if You Have 0 Followers: Kind: captions Language: en people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up in the beginning 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better I got a DM the other day somebody who was like yeah it's easy for you to build this brand because you already have this big audience I was like dude just start he was discouraged by the fact that he had no following he had no audience Etc 99% of people who are watching this do more cool and then you'll have cool to talk about rather than regur shating other people's stuff but for everyone who sees the overnight success right what I want you to do is go to my podcast and look at the timestamp on my first episode it's 2017 5 and 1 half 6 years ago it just now hit the top 10 and in that six-year period I did not miss every week 1 to three podcasts for six years and so people are making podcasts and thinking in 90 days they're somehow going to blow up when the reality is that you're finding your voice for the first year you're figuring out what way you communicate you're learning how to teach how to entertain how to present you're Lear Lear how to speak and you're also learning about the stuff that you're learning meantime right like in that period of time I might not have had as much stuff that was as cool in the beginning that applied to as many people cuz the first 150 episodes is just me talking about how to run a gym better right around 150 I started talking about Marketing in general because that's what I was into at the time and then I start talking about sales and I start talking about business in general and m&a and things as they've evolved over time and so the subject matter as well as my skill in delivering it both improved over that period of time and now the podcast is top 10 on entrepreneurship and very high ranked in business next to names that I I looked up to my whole career I'm like holy cow I'm like we're wait we just went above this guy that I've been looking up to my whole life it doesn't take 90 days it takes years if you think in days the time's going to pass no matter what but if you can think in decades when you make your goals when that decade does pass it'll show that you were thinking that way right not the outcome of the goal make the action the goal if the action is did I make the post did I make the reach outs every day then you're a success you check both boxes I want to tell you a quick story so there was a guy who started at the first gym with me same day all right and we've been friends since then and I started my gym and then he started his gym and he started chain of gym so we went in parallel all right and he ended up selling those gyms and he wanted to go online he was like dude I need to build like a brand and I was like dude you just need to start posting you know short form stuff making stuff that's valuable he posted every day for 6 months and then one video took off and then the next video took off and the next video took off and then all all of a sudden now he's making $100,000 a month from the content that he was making he'd already been doing business for 9 years and then all of a sudden it took off and he and he messaged me he was like I'm super grateful that that you told me to do that and so he did the post and he did the reach outs and what ended up happening is that earlier on he would he would have videos that would start taking off he would start doing reach outs you start making sales and then you'd make some money and then you would slow down and then all of a sudden you get in scarcity mode once he was like oh shoot there's no money coming in there's no money coming in and then you start making content start doing rots again and you make money again and he was like dude how do I break the cycle and what we did was we shifted what he was focusing on because he was focusing on the sales he was making he was focusing on the money he was making rather than focusing on the process you are not successful in my eyes because whenever you see some outcome you stop the activities which means you don't have the trait of consistency I was like the reason you aren't where you want to be is because you can't do things repeatedly and so most people can't do one thing over and over again you need to be able to do the doing without seeing the result of your doing and you have to keep doing it and if you can keep doing things independent and this is both ways if it goes really well you keep doing the thing that got you there and if it's not going well comma yet you keep doing the thing so that you get good enough that one day it will and that's the shift that most people don't make and I think that's why most people just stick war and the reality is that if you can commit to the actions and the behaviors and the traits that you will grow through doing then at the end of this process a decade later you will be the type of person who can do something for a long period of time and wait and I promise you that if you have that trait money will never be a constraint in your life and this is from Atomic habits every winner and every loser have the same goals so when you measure Yourself by having this external thing and people are like set goals everyone wants to be rich everyone wants to have a six-pack your goals don't make you unique it's the activities that you do that make you unique the goal of the winner is to commit to the activities the goal of the loser is to commit to the goal 52% of 18-year-olds High School seniors think they're going to be millionaires by 25 the world is going to be shook many of you will fail and that's because most of you have the same goal 50% of you think you're going to be a Millionaire right that's just math but only a small percentage will because if you want to be a millionaire you're not going to focus on making the million dollars you're going to focus on the stuff that makes a million dollars and so when you can divorce the activities from the outcome then you can focus on the doing which whether your income does this over that period of time your self-esteem Remains the Same because you're committ to what you can control if you can make that shift it will change your life so I started making podcast 6 years ago I committed to that process when I signed on with a a YouTube vendor a few years ago on the first call I said I'd like to have this channel be something in 5 to 10 years I was like We'll look at it then and see if it was worth continuing to do I was like but I'm in for a decade and he stopped me afterwards he was like I've literally never had a client say that to me ever he's like they're all like how can I get leads in the first 90 days from YouTube and like blah blah blah I was like if we're making progress I'm good I will commit to that I think that if you can think that way you will get what you want and then people will ask you a decade from now man how did you have this overnight success and blah blah blah blah blah and aren't you like don't the followers and the fans like how does it not get to your head and you're like cuz it was never the goal and so I feel just as good at year one as I do at year eight because the activities that I committed to were remain the same if you can think that way and you can shift your perspective persective it will it'll decrease your emotional ups and downs and I think we all need ways to decrease our emotional ups and downs in the game of business because like we need to have second lives and third lives and fourth lives and the way to do that is to not put your life your game playing life in something that you can't control but putting all your game playing life in the things you can right now we just crossed our 400th episode 400 episodes like if I did one a week that's 52 four eight one a week for a year that would be eight years of doing that if I had 400 episodes I'm at like year six if you make 400 long form pieces of content I guarantee you that your following would be bigger than it is today well how long is that going to take as long as it takes because the goal was never the outcome the goal was to do it thing

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [12 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap-yt-d
Get the $100M Book Bundle: https://shop.acquisition.com/pages/100m-book-bundle
Business owners: Want to scale faster? We provide in-person advisory for companies doing at least $1M per year: https://www.acquisition.com/workshop-yt-d
  2. @elevators_escalatorsandme [1 likes]: this had that old youtube energy in the best way possible 😭 simple, entertaining, no unnecessary overediting every 2 seconds. actually fun to watch fr
  3. @MeenalJoshi-y6q [1 likes]: Make the action the goal, not the outcome, such a powerful perspective shift for staying consistent in the long run
  4. @MegijaBaumane: You have to work for it and hard, not just manifest and think - ou, my life sucked before, so it will reward me because of my suffering, so I do not have to put effort.

I have people that just told me manifest and it will be good, and if you do not get it right now, then it is not your destiny. 🤨

If it would be that easy, everyone would me a millionaire.
  5. @FrancisAtonfack: 300 subs now for year not really easy
  6. @joshangout9609: Thank you Alex! This was perfect and exactly what I needed to hear today!
  7. @eimi.channn: Patience.
  8. @BrianFitinessMotivation: Small channel let's keep our heads up 🔥
  9. @Blake700-q3c: this video feels like one of those rare uploads that actually stays in your head after watching 💯
  10. @SamuelPeck-l2x: slight edge ahh
  11. @The_Witchers_left_hand: The shift from committing to the goal to committing to the activities is the most powerful mindset hack for long-term success. Thinking in decades, not days📈💪
  12. @TurningShift: Just be consistent about it 👊🏻🙌🏻
  13. @elliottlaw007: Just hit 100 subscribers, really worked for those! Gonna add these tips. 1 mill & beyond… Loading 🔑🙏🏾 Keep Going Everyone
  14. @crisroataofficial: Love your story! Well done ❤
  15. @Sicop_: Just Start
  16. @VikiJaat-e6u: Amazing content as always!
  17. @HyJames: yet
  18. @evolv55: “the bear necessities of life will come to you” 🧠
  19. @Mrhookes: Small creators, let's keep going 💪💪💪
  20. @StefanMarais-pv5hz: Thank you so much for this