- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.

- How Jenny Hoyos Actually Makes Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en - I know a couple of creators who literally make $1,000,000 per sponsored short. I have like probably one of the best strategies that I haven't seen anyone do. I think that a Shorts creator could make just as much money as a long form creator. - Today we are diving into the world of YouTube Shorts with one of the fastest rising stars on the platform, Jenny Hoyos. Jenny is by far one of the top creators making Shorts on YouTube, averaging about 10 million views per short. In this step-by-step breakdown, Jenny will be sharing her best strategies around ideation, hooks, storytelling, analytics, monetization and more. And by the end of my talk with Jenny, you should be left with a crystal clear blueprint for creating high performing Shorts. First things first, what do you feel like your overarching strategy is and the mindset that enables this level of consistency is? - I think the biggest overarching thing is treating YouTube like a business. So, I'm just making sure that I'm very on top of my schedule, like all my content is scheduled, all my content is on a calendar. I make sure that no matter what, there is a YouTube video posted on Saturday at 10:00 AM EST. So I think for me it's making sure that I do quality, quantity. So I want my videos to be quality, but I also want to make sure that I'm uploading consistently. - Even at the age of 18, Jenny has made the decision to treat her YouTube channel like a business. She's investing so much time and effort to not only grow the business but also make it profitable. In order to be profitable as a business, you need to go out and find yourself a potential customer, or in Jenny's case, a target audience. One of the things you mentioned recently was that as creators we want to be in a blue ocean as opposed to like a red ocean. But how do you deliberately position yourself in a space with little competition, which is basically what the analogy is, sorry to spoil it. - When I think of blue ocean, I think of having your own unique twist. So granted we're all gonna have idols or steal an artist, but at the end of the day, you should still have your own unique thing that makes you unique. What's your unique advantage? What are things that you're skilled at? Things in your situation that help benefit you, basically, is the way I like to see a blue ocean. I was always into entrepreneurship and business, so I knew I wanted to make videos about finance or money. And at first, I was actually copying Graham Stephan, like one-for-one, I kid you not, the exact same style, the exact same everything basically, I've unlisted those videos 'cause it's very cringe. That's just like a red ocean 'cause everyone's trying to be Graham Stephan. But then I looked at everyone else in the money/finance industry and I noticed that there's no one doing it for kids. So I knew that there was a gap in the market, essentially, and I had to do it. - Well, I would say she bridged the gap just fine. Coming from a family of extreme money savers, she picked up tips and relatable humor from them. In other words, she took an experience that was unique to her life and used it to make content that other people could relate to. But what's equally significant here is that her being a younger creator made it so that she could relate to other young people who wouldn't normally think about saving money. And if you want to attract an audience of people think about saving money, you need to make sure that your hook is spot on to get them to stop scrolling immediately. So let's talk about hooks for a little bit. Walk me through like the process for you for coming up with an incredibly catchy and effective hook? - So a good hook is concise, no more than three seconds, it needs to be very visually pleasing, very visually appealing. It needs to be so good that you can be watching the video on mute and still understand what the video's about. So I try to make sure that the composition's good. What I mean by that is like, everything's centered, in frame, I try to make sure there's no more than three objects in the frame. It needs to be so good that you can use it as a thumbnail on one of your long form videos. I think the most underrated thing in hooks is foreshadowing. So a good hook not only stops your scroll, but also makes sure you get to the end of the video. You should foreshadow what is to expect at the end. Some things that are very easy to apply is like, here are three reasons why X. So now we know the video's gonna end on three, so it doesn't need to be too complicated. Or my favorite example is, I started a video by giving my grandma a $5 Christmas present and showing her reaction. So I started with the cold open of her reacting to this $5 gift, but the thing is you don't see what the gift is until the end of the video. - I hope you can appreciate that the tips Jenny is giving us here are pure gold. Grabbing an audience's attention to get them to stop scrolling is everything when it comes to YouTube Shorts. It's important to note though, that's not the only thing, because you also need a good average view duration, you need people to watch the whole thing. In order to do that, you need to tell stories. Now I know some people kind of feel like they have a natural ability to just tell stories, but if you're anything like me, it's something that is a bit intimidating. Fortunately though, for you and me, this is something you can learn, this is a skill you can develop. So, what storytelling frameworks and techniques are you using? - I'm gonna start with the simplest ending with the hardest, retention tactic. So, the simplest one that anyone can apply is, but so storytelling. So it's basically setting up conflict and then resolving the conflict and then setting up new conflict. So imagine a story where you say, oh, I want to go on a walk. So I went outside, it started raining, and I didn't know what to do so I went back home. It's like okay, it's a story I guess, but when you use but and so it just sounds more entertaining. Like, I was at home but I got bored so I ended up going for a walk, but it started raining. So I ended up trying to figure out what to do. I was looking for an umbrella but I couldn't find one so I had to go back home. So it's like the story just seems so much more engaging when you use those words. I probably like repeat myself so many times on these Shorts, but every time I say, but, like it stops someone from scrolling, it's like, "But what?" So that's one method. And the second thing I love to do is dual narrative storytelling. So with Shorts, you wanna keep your videos very concise and it's very hard to do that because you probably wanna get across multiple different messages, but you only have like 60 seconds to do that. So what I do is this technique where I tell two stories at the same time. I tell one story through my voiceover or whatever I'm saying and the second story is told in what I'm showing. So an example of me doing this is, I wanted to give my grandma a $5 Valentine's gift present, but the reason why I was doing that is because you know, it was the first year she didn't have a valentine because my grandpa passed away, and I'm like, that's way too much context and it's also almost like too sad. I feel like people are just gonna scroll if I say that. So instead, my voiceover was me talking about me making the present for her, but I never said the additional context. Instead, I showed pictures of her with my grandpa to almost show to the viewer that this is the reason why I'm doing it without telling them that. - Jenny has admittedly studied these big creators for thousands of hours to come up with these strategies. So you can rest assured these are tried and tested by the best out there. Ryan Trahan is a prime example of using visuals to add context. But you may have noticed that Jenny and Ryan's Shorts are packed with info, but very carefully. You never wanna overwhelm an audience in your YouTube Shorts, it's all about finding a rhythm and a pacing. What are some of your best practices around structure and pacing? - My favorite pacing when it comes to, like structure and pacing since it's very similar, it is quick hook, medium paced middle, and probably a peak in somewhere in the middle, like a funny joke, back to medium pacing and then quick ending. You wanna make sure that it's almost a rollercoaster of emotions. And there's multiple theories that back this up, so one that I wanna get into is peak and theory, and it's this theory that people only remember their favorite part of a movie or whatever they're watching and the ending. You never think of like, "Oh, I remember when this boring thing happened." Which makes sense, but that's like the whole point of it. - I think because creators are forced in Shorts to keep their videos under 60 seconds long and keep their energy up, a lot of their ideas kind of get rushed through. Oftentimes the videos can lose their flow and confuse the audience. - Do not talk fast, just talk more concise and try to get the message across in the least amount of words possible. Usually you'll give like that concise, quick, action-packed, value and context and then right after giving so much context, you need to let it breathe so that they can understand the context that they just heard. - Once you've finish making a video that you're very, very excited to share, it's difficult not to just go ahead and hit publish. But before you do a good practice here is to take a step back and ask yourself a few questions. Imagine for a second that you're the viewer of this video. Does it make sense? Is it captivating? Does it capture the right emotion? Because you should absolutely be making it a priority to understand how the audience is going to feel when they watch your Short. I don't care if it's Shorts or longs, connecting with your audience is everything. How do you get insight into your audience's mindset and preferences? - I feel like the best way to do it is literally to send your videos to your avatar if possible. So for me it's very simple to just send it to a younger family member or, also my parents, but if you don't have that, utilizing your analytics is very important. I try to look at the retention graph, not the percentage. You look at the retention graph and you see like, oh, this joke just did not hit or I talked way too long for that. And you just kind of have to come up with your own assumptions and figure that out and apply it to new videos. But as for what content to make and content strategy, I'm looking for videos that are a bit old but performing in the last 48 hours because like for example right now my last 48 hours is one video from a year ago and then a bunch of them are videos from like last month. But then what what's interesting is like, why is my number one performer a video from last year? And that's how you understand what videos are actually the ones you need to recreate and what is actually resonating with your audience. For example, I'll look at, oh, what's my average duration of videos that are my top performers? That's how I know my best videos are 34 seconds, so I'll usually just toggle as many analytics as possible and see if there's any patterns there. - Yes, understanding your analytics is great for helping to increase your views and watch time and find trends within your content, but the real win lies in making content that people love. When you watch something that you love from a creator, you go back and you wanna watch more of it, that's how you build a community and grow on YouTube. What else do you intentionally do to build loyalty and get viewers like coming back habitually? - Buckets is probably 90% of creating returning viewers. So, buckets are repeatable formats and I try to keep mine very similar titled. For example, my bucket would be, $1 fast food item versus restaurant. So it would be like $1 burrito, $1 boba, $1 everything, basically. And because everything is titled and structured and formatted and the video is very similar, like all the videos are metallically linked. YouTube can easily be like, "Oh, the viewer liked when she made $1 pizza. Oh, they're gonna like when she makes a $1 sandwich or a $1 burger." It's very easy for YouTube to understand what your viewer is gonna wanna watch next. So the goal with returning viewers on Shorts is to make videos that your viewer is probably going to watch next. And you do that through structure, format and metadata such as title. If you're uploading once a week, I think two to four buckets is really reasonable. - Even though making Shorts is awesome and all this advice is really helpful, there is one glaring issue when it comes to Shorts and that is your return on investment. Honestly, are Shorts even worth it? I'm sure you've seen the adsence on Shorts for most creators is very small. But you yourself are someone who's admitted to everybody, "I love money." How can somebody who's getting into Shorts and seeing a bit of success leverage them to make money? - Shorts is totally a viable way to make money, I don't know who thought that it's not. I think that a Shorts creator could make just as much money as a long form creator, maybe not as much ad revenue, but you can make the same money. I average like 50 to a hundred million views per month on Shorts. So because of that it ranges between five to 10K per month in ad revenue, versus if I was doing long form and I was getting those views, what the heck, I'd be at what, 100K a month? Like so, theoretically ad revenue wise, it's much worse. But if you have products, courses, sponsorships, that's where the money is to be made. I know a couple of creators who literally make $1,000,000 per sponsored short. I'm just saying, so, and they get less views than me or probably about the same. You just gotta be a good businessman, good businesswoman, good business person. - I could say firsthand we've witnessed a huge surge in channels that are exclusively making YouTube Shorts, but a lot of the creators we've spoken to have a business-minded plan of eventually branching out into longer form content. Expanding your reach with long form videos is easier said than done, but not impossible. What would you tell someone who's enjoying a lot of success on their Shorts but they're struggling with long form? When I say that, I think of you as somebody who can get 10 million views in a short in your sleep, and then you know, you post a long form and you're not enjoying those same views on average, what would you say to someone who's kind of feeling the same way? - It really sucks. I think you have to see it as like two different games, like they're two completely different challenges to me. With long form, every second doesn't matter as much as it does in Shorts, because one second on a short is over 1% retention, but on a long form, one second isn't even 1% retention. So if you lose one second percentage wise it's not huge, but with Shorts it's like everything is so exponential. My strategy to convert from Shorts to long form is to literally make very similar feeling content. What I mean by that is bit-based videos, essentially creating 30 second Shorts until it adds up to an eight minute video. For example, I easily have 20 Shorts where I recreated fast food items. So imagine a long form where I did, I recreated 100 fast food items, and it's basically the same thing 'cause I know my Shorts viewers watch that. - I mean, and that sounds like a fantastic way to keep a Shorts viewer potentially hooked on a long form video. But as I'm sure you're well aware of, a lot of people struggle with this, getting people to watch... - If I created my own YouTube channel, all eyes would be on me and I would make every puny human YouTuber disappear off this platform. - Getting people to watch your long form videos, who watch your Shorts is almost impossible. How are you handling that challenge and what are you seeing in your data? - So for context, my Shorts average 10 million views per video, but my long forms range between 50 to 500K, it's a very wide range. But my top performing videos on long form are literally almost all returning viewers. So, what I am identifying is, yes, people are converting and the retention's actually great. In fact, even when I link a long form from my Short, like with the related, the new related feature, my retention is crazy high on my long forms even though they're coming from Shorts. And I think the reason is because the feel is just like very similar. - Let's be real, growing any type of channel on YouTube is challenging, Shorts, longs, algorithms, analytics, it's all too much. So, that's why we've made a video packed with 150 tips for small channels to grow fast on YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CopyKatIsMe [1 likes]: Im A New Creator With 20 Subs And 2 Vids.. I Make Ai Videos... When I Posted My 3rd Video It Already Got A Warning Strike .... So I Want All Ai Channels To Be Careful.... Im Losing Hope But I Wish That Everyone Who Is Reading This Becomes A Big Content Creator One Day!! Good Luck!!!!
  2. @wangyan4039: The
  3. @neetiiiiiiiiii: Best of luck . May we all get that success we deserve.
  4. @NovasLabYT: Smart girl!
  5. @FailAuthority1: Hello sir, is it possible to collab with you please
  6. @giovanonifamily: Also be mindful that the chosen target Audience helps too. Like her audience is mostly kids... keep that in mind
  7. @HomeCats10: Yea I think I will give up again 😣 YouTube is not for me I don't even get 1k views on my shorts
  8. @DanielCarter-q6y: i love her vidoes im her biggest fan
  9. @Puertoricanmarriedtofilipina: She discovered her own formula and we need to discover our own that works for us.
  10. @Puertoricanmarriedtofilipina: What a Million Dollars huh 🤔
  11. @eero.visuals: she is really smart
  12. @shortsfoodies: shes so inspiring bro at the age of 18?? wow
  13. @TheCuriousPlate-SA: Just started my channel a week ago. Trying to follow her tips. Hope I do a good job.
  14. @TilesHop-number1: i get it
  15. @goodluckTV2020: I love this sir
  16. @Ujunwa37: Being unique in your dealing is the best 👌
  17. @Economistick: FYI, 100,000 hours is more than  6575 years. So she obviously didn't spent that time. I also don't see her blowing up shorts 🤷
  18. @InspiredSuccess-43: Just one video bringing me 500 subs and counting so I won't give up. I need a few more hundreds to hit the YTPP threshold so I'm excited 🙏
  19. @LaughTrackTVREAL: 🎉
  20. @theboyseen: Thank you so much for the tips

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story — in Less Than 60 Seconds | Jenny Hoyos | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-through? Probably not. But somehow, answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star. It's about making your conversations better, whether you’re with friends, family or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question, because it will make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you want to get your audience's attention immediately, so you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. (Video) Can I have a burger? Can you put cheese, lettuce and tomatoes? This thing's not hot enough. (Laughter) (Stage) That thing really wasn't hot enough. But as you can see, I took this question very seriously. And after you've hooked your audience, you want to take them on a journey, building up to your answer, where you want them to feel constant progression, so we're moving closer and closer to our answer so we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I’ll be adding tomatoes, lettuce and cheese to the burger, so now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer. So here's how I did that. (Video) Yes, please. And cheese. Mother: There's smoke in here. Jenny Hoyos: This thing is still raw. Good thing there's a line. Oh my goodness. Mother: What are you doing? You're going to burn that car. JH: I'll cut the tomatoes while this cooks. Mother: I hope I don't have to eat that. JH: Tell them to slow down. Mother: You're doing all this for one subscriber? You're going to make a mess. JH: Put the ketchup on the buns. (Stage) As you saw, without conflict, the audience just isn’t as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you’re now not only invested in the competition but also curious to see what's going to happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom’s car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. Here's how I did just that. (Video) We’re one person away. We just need the burger to cook faster. Mother: We're moving, we're moving. JH: No, my burger is not done yet. You're driving too crazy. It needs to cook faster. Mother: We're next. (Music) JH: We're pulling up to the window. And, oh my goodness! We cooked faster and better. (Applause) And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-through. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw? Absolutely not. Because the viewers wanted an answer, so I gave it to them quickly and concisely, in an engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four, so you now have an extra minute to practice your 60-second story. Because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [1500 likes]: thanks for having me!! promised i’d make my ted talk short and sweet 😁
  2. @ericdavidwallace [30 likes]: I just got schooled by a 20 year old and I went to film school.
  3. @Richard_Vidzz [2 likes]: The idea that a great story should be told in less than 60 seconds is such a powerful insight for modern communication loved the practical breakdown
  4. @mimixlalaa: the confidence jenny has omg
  5. @hejar_art: I love her energy 🎉
  6. @NichirenCarbajal: NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO IT'S THE MIRACLE MANTRA NAM MYO HO RENGE KYO
  7. @neetiiiiiiiiii: I liked your hook strategy. Will definitely try .
  8. @UGCTuto: She forgot one Thing : her talent
  9. @AngelaAllan-v8q: best side hustles in 2026
  10. @novaframestudio-d6b: Sh is so pure ,I like it
  11. @MORENAMOJALEFA-i9h: Don't write on your forehead
  12. @intensity5020: You are from titkok
  13. @JapaGist: Lol
  14. @karanb_ytt: It's impressive how much value can be packed into such a short timeframe, The progression and conflict strategy is a game-changer for storytelling💡✨
  15. @GOATED_D3VIL: btw what exactly is this conflict, i need a better explication pls
  16. @JacksonDuke-JK: ngl , i feel used/misused after watching this by content creators
  17. @Bibliothèque-C: ❤😊
  18. @ajsingh1296: Wow this may be the worst ted talk I’ve seen
  19. @ferickinhojoga: genius!
  20. @YōkuroX12: ...   THAT. WAS. AWE.SOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not only cuz of the fact that JENNY FREAKING HOYOS WAS ON THERE but also cuz its a great lesson!

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- I Lost $1,000 Dropshipping.. So I Tried Again: Kind: captions Language: en i'm gonna make a profitable drop shipping store in one week and show you how i did it step by step but there's a problem i've already lost 500 drop shipping so this challenge can smack my bank account and if you have no idea what drop shipping is it's basically a business model where you saw another company's product and brand it as your own so when a customer buys a product you'll place an order on the company's website and you'll have it shipped directly to the customer now i know this sounds like a shady business model but it's completely legal and honestly companies like aliexpress don't mind you doing this at all i mean they're still getting their cut of the cheese not like that but now that you know what drop shipping is let's find a product when drop shipping you want to sell products that solve a problem and especially if you can't find them in stores there are multiple tools you can find products on and what i like to use is ecom hunt dropship spy and ally shark and these basically give you the oversaturated products in the market but they give you a good idea of what products you should be looking for another method that's similar to that one is going on the website pp ads i have no idea why it's called that but anyway it essentially shows you the current ads that are running on tiktok now even though there are competitors selling the product it's not a bad idea to sell the same product because you already know that it's working so i tried all the methods and i was able to find some good products but none of them truly solved the real problem so i tried another method and that's to go to aliexpress's best sellers and look through the beauty and health niche as those products are more likely to solve a problem so the product i'm gonna be selling is an ultrasonic skin scrubber which uses microcurrent and vibrating technology to open pores remove blackheads and exfoliate so basically other things i don't do but i know a lot of people who take skin care very serious and would absolutely love this product which is another thing you should ask yourself would someone you know buy the product and if you could say yes to that then make sure the price of the product gives you enough profit margins personally i would say to sell the price for three times the price of what you're buying it for and in my case i'm buying the product for 14 and selling it for 42 which leaves me with a juicy 28 dollars so now that we found the product we're basically 25 done as the product is the make or break of drop shipping you have the best website and killer advertising but if you have a product that no one wants to buy you're not going to get any sales so to get 50 of the way we're gonna need the website done by tonight because of our time constraints as for the website side of drop shipping i recommend using shopify and creating a new store with a simple design now even though we're selling one product we want to make a new store that way if this product fails we can easily swap it out for another one but not like dj khaled when designing your website make sure to prioritize the mobile view as most of your customers are going to be on phones and please don't make the mistake of designing your website like a facebook mom made it so i finished making the website and i made it really plain and simple to navigate around so basically the homepage just includes details of what the product is and lets you buy the product and then there's a bunch of other pages like the legal stuff but we're not gonna go through that so we finished all the easy work in day one and even though we're fifty percent of the way we've only really done ten percent of the work because the advertising will be a pain but for now i'm gonna make six tick tocks to make my page look full in which four of them are going to be filler content and the other two are going to be the ads we're going to run and within these two ads i want to cater to two different audiences in which one of them is informative and the other one is funny so i'll get back to you when i'm done what do you think alvin i finished uploading my tick tock ads last night but we have an issue in order to run tick tock ads you need to connect your tick tock account with your shopify website which usually takes one or two business days which might set us back a little so i got good news and bad news the good news is i gotta prove to run tick-tock ads but the bad news is i have to wait another one to two business days for the actual ads themselves to get approved so my tick tock ads got approved this morning but the status is constantly turning on and off which i have no idea why it's legitimate the whole day of the ads being approved but it hasn't spent any money and after researching the issue the answer is patience which i find a little strange because that's what garyvee always says you see garyvee claims to be one of the hardest workers with 80 hour work weeks but honestly i just think that's not true not that he's a hard worker but is it even possible and as an entrepreneur myself i want to pass garyvee and youtube subscribers and when i do i'm going to meet garyvee in real life to prove if he's even real i'll even make an nf2r picture together and subscribers get first priority in getting it this isn't even a joke i actually contacted someone who works for gary and they said they can put in a word only if i pass him in subscribers but anyway we have bigger problems than that because tiktok charged me 130 on ads that i didn't pay for so i'm gonna try contacting tic toc support but that's gonna set us another one or two business days just to get a response back it's crazy because i've seen other drop shipping videos that make it seem like easy money when it's really not you spend hours watching tutorials spend hundreds on ads only to lose all your money okay maybe that was a little too specific and after messaging the tick tock team back and forth i finally got my response on day seven so it turns out my tic toc ads were actually running and the budget was spending which resulted in 210 dollars spent however i sent them a screenshot showing them the issues i was having with the platform and in return they were able to give me two hundred dollars in ad credits so let's review how much we lost i spent forty four dollars to make the website and two hundred and ten dollars on the ads which totals two hundred and fifty four dollars gone and i got zero sales which means i lost 254 dollars but if we count the ad credit then it's only a 54 loss but regardless i failed the challenge and that's why i'm going to continue working on the store to make it profitable and hopefully this video was still of value to you but this is not financial advice [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JordanWelch [816 likes]: shoutout to the doggo
  2. @BuiltDifferentMushi [1 likes]: First Person here in 2026 that commented 😂
  3. @Lucasproduccionesfr [1 likes]: You are trying to sell it at $42 when the product can be found at $5 but you paid $14. Started with the wrong foot
  4. @Official.Elite_Editor [1 likes]: if you can’t, then just do the ryan trayhan method.
  5. @Mcx_vr: Love the video
  6. @Erre_VDK: Makes me NOT wanna try DS to be honest.
  7. @Erre_VDK: Makes me NOT wanna try DS to be honest.
  8. @hussainbadri-g2m: at this point dropshippers earns only by content creation not  actual dropshipping
  9. @Stickman27933: Fourth person to comment in 2026
  10. @Meowomanio: Third person to comment in 2026
  11. @BadimoLevi: Second Person in 2026 that commented 😂
  12. @ბაგრატმგელაძე: why didn't you just add linkin comments?
  13. @Josh-Official-Tech: Hey let's follow pls
  14. @MaryMcclure-m5x: Omg u passed Gary vee
  15. @ΑχιλλέαςΚατράκης: How did you make the website?
  16. @Priv8grass: Never say you failed you got so much farther than I did. I don’t care if it really took you a year. You’re still a Hero to me.
  17. @nicetry9159: Is there an update on this video?
  18. @Hamdni.7: Proof that dropshipping is not really worth it. You could lose alott of money.
And also, dropshipping isn't that easy as you think its much harder.

At first i was interested at dropshipping,i thougt i would make alott of money and its not that hard.
But in reality its much difficult!
Thank god i didnt started dropshipping.
  19. @LifeOfLoren11: ik its been 3 yrs but can you tell me how u got the ads? and maybe tell me the price????
  20. @wendolph: How are you guys dealing with shipping issues these days? I cut delivery times and saved costs by using Service Points. Wondering if anyone else has found a tool that works this well.

- Jenny Hoyos' SECRET: Proven Strategies to Make Anything Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en hey beautiful souls what if I told you that you&nbsp; can go from0 to 7 million YouTube subscribers&nbsp;&nbsp; you know that feeling when you pour your heart&nbsp; into something you create and it just connects&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what Jenny lives for and it's what she&nbsp; wants for you meet Jenny Hoyos if you're new&nbsp;&nbsp; here welcome to the 12 ways Community where&nbsp; dreams turn into viral realities today we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; learn the exact 12 strategies that took her&nbsp; from 0 to 7 million subscribers these aren't&nbsp;&nbsp; vague theories these are the techniques&nbsp; Jenny uses every single day so grab your&nbsp;&nbsp; notebooks and get ready to unlock your inner&nbsp; viral Superstar because this is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; lifechanging whether you're just starting out or&nbsp; you've been at this for a while these strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; will give you the tools and confidence to&nbsp; cut through the Clutter and truly resonate&nbsp;&nbsp; with your audience get ready to take notes&nbsp; because Jenny is about to spill all the tea&nbsp;&nbsp; are you ready to make some magic happen let's&nbsp; do this a strong introduction is crucial it sets&nbsp;&nbsp; the tone and grabs attention think of successful&nbsp; intros like Apple's product launches or Ted Talks&nbsp;&nbsp; they Captivate from the first second so let's dive&nbsp; in and make your content Unforgettable and truly impactful competing in oversaturated topics can&nbsp; be exhausting right it's like trying to stand&nbsp;&nbsp; out in a sea of sameness isn't it in instead&nbsp; think about what makes someone truly different&nbsp;&nbsp; what unique perspective experience or passion&nbsp; can they share with the world that nobody else&nbsp;&nbsp; can trust me it's there that became Jenny's blue&nbsp; ocean a space where she could truly help people&nbsp;&nbsp; without fighting for attention so ask yourself&nbsp; again what's your blue ocean what conversation&nbsp;&nbsp; are people craving that only you can lead take for&nbsp; example the niche of eco-friendly fashion brands&nbsp;&nbsp; like Reformation found their blue o by focusing on&nbsp; sustainability a topic that was underserved in the&nbsp;&nbsp; fashion industry or consider the rise of vegan&nbsp; food bloggers who carved out a unique Space by&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing plant-based recipes and lifestyle tips&nbsp; these niches weren't crowded allowing them to&nbsp;&nbsp; stand out and attract a dedicated audience so find&nbsp; your unique Niche and dive into your blue ocean today Jenny Hoyos reveals a little secret&nbsp; she spends more time on the first 3 seconds&nbsp;&nbsp; of her videos than on any other part why&nbsp; because without a great hook Nothing Else&nbsp;&nbsp; Matters think about it there are literally&nbsp; seconds to grab someone's attention before&nbsp;&nbsp; they scroll right past the hook should make&nbsp; someone physically unable to scroll away&nbsp;&nbsp; remember the hook is the first impression&nbsp; Make It Count here are some examples of&nbsp;&nbsp; irresistible hooks did you know what if I&nbsp; told you and watch this are all great ways&nbsp;&nbsp; to start these hooks work because they create&nbsp; curiosity surprise or a sense of urgency so&nbsp;&nbsp; next time content is created remember&nbsp; to craft an irresistible hook make it Unforgettable have you ever stayed up way&nbsp; too late watching a show because they kept&nbsp;&nbsp; teasing something amazing that's the power of&nbsp; foreshadowing and it works just as well for&nbsp;&nbsp; Content creation subtly hinting at something&nbsp; exciting or surprising that's coming later in&nbsp;&nbsp; a video keeps viewers on the edge of their&nbsp; seats remember a little mystery goes a long&nbsp;&nbsp; way foreshadowing is a technique where subtle&nbsp; hints are given about what's to come it builds&nbsp;&nbsp; anticipation and keeps the audience hooked by&nbsp; creating a sense of mystery viewers are made&nbsp;&nbsp; to want to stick around to see the payoff&nbsp; so next time content is being created think&nbsp;&nbsp; about how foreshadowing can be used to keep&nbsp; viewers engaged and excited for what's next&nbsp;&nbsp; foreshadowing is a powerful tool in&nbsp; storytelling use it wisely to make content Unforgettable Master storytelling humans&nbsp; are hardwired to connect with stories it's&nbsp;&nbsp; in their DNA stories have the power to&nbsp; transport people make them feel deeply&nbsp;&nbsp; and create lasting connections sharing failures&nbsp; along with successes helps people connect with&nbsp;&nbsp; vulnerability not Perfection people may not&nbsp; remember exactly what was said but but they&nbsp;&nbsp; will always remember how they were made to feel&nbsp; think about the stories that have moved you what&nbsp;&nbsp; made them special use those elements in your&nbsp; own storytelling whether it's Joy sorrow or&nbsp;&nbsp; Triumph tapping into the emotions that resonate&nbsp; with the audience is key mastering storytelling&nbsp;&nbsp; is about authenticity and connection&nbsp; making stories relatable and memorable is essential maintain a dynamic Pace ever notice&nbsp; how the mind wants ERS during slow monotonous&nbsp;&nbsp; videos viewers feel the same way this is&nbsp; called the heartbeat technique content&nbsp;&nbsp; should pulse between high energy moments&nbsp; and thoughtful pauses this Rhythm keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; people engaged naturally without them even&nbsp; realizing why they can't look away it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; just about delivering information it's about&nbsp; creating an experience keeping the pace Dynamic&nbsp;&nbsp; ensures the audience stays hooked from start to&nbsp; finish this is key to making content go viral utilize content buckets one of the questions Jenny&nbsp; gets most often is Jenny how do you always know&nbsp;&nbsp; what to post the answer content buckets think of&nbsp; them as go-to themes that viewers can count on&nbsp;&nbsp; Jenny's Community actually looks forward to these&nbsp; recurring themes they'll literally message her&nbsp;&nbsp; if she misses one what consistent value can your&nbsp; audience count on you for use content buckets to&nbsp;&nbsp; plan ahead and stay consistent this way you'll&nbsp; never run out of ideas and keep your audience engaged leverage Trends wisely Trends are&nbsp; like free tickets to the visibility party&nbsp;&nbsp; but there's a catch the creators who truly&nbsp; benefit don't just copy Trends they make the&nbsp;&nbsp; trends their own when the what I eat in a day&nbsp; trend was everywhere Jenny created what I spend&nbsp;&nbsp; in a day and it became one of her most shared&nbsp; series ever remember authenticity always wins&nbsp;&nbsp; leveraging Trends can Skyrocket visibility but&nbsp; only if a unique twist is added think of Trends&nbsp;&nbsp; as a canvas creativity is the paint that makes&nbsp; it stand out engage with the audience and make&nbsp;&nbsp; them part of the trend this interaction can&nbsp; amplify reach celebrate milestones and share&nbsp;&nbsp; the journey this builds a loyal Community always&nbsp; reflect on what worked and what didn't continuous&nbsp;&nbsp; Improvement is key analyze performance and set&nbsp; new goals this keeps content fresh and engaging engage with your community the biggest mistake&nbsp; creators often make treating comments like&nbsp;&nbsp; they're optional the comment section isn't just&nbsp; feedback it's the heartbeat of the community Jenny&nbsp;&nbsp; spends at least 30 minutes every day connecting&nbsp; with her audience and those conversations have&nbsp;&nbsp; led to some of her best video ideas remember&nbsp; before they become followers they're people&nbsp;&nbsp; who chose to give their time honor that by&nbsp; by making them feel heard engaging with the&nbsp;&nbsp; community builds trust and loyalty it also&nbsp; encourages more interaction and can lead to&nbsp;&nbsp; viral growth so take the time to engage and watch&nbsp; the community Thrive the community is the greatest asset optimize for each platform let's be honest&nbsp; a one-size fits-all approach to content is really&nbsp;&nbsp; a one-size fits none approach each platform has&nbsp; its own unique culture culture audience and best&nbsp;&nbsp; practices Jenny learned this the hard way when her&nbsp; top performing YouTube videos completely flopped&nbsp;&nbsp; on Tik Tok respecting each platform's unique&nbsp; culture helps build trust everywhere it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; about being everywhere it's about being strategic&nbsp; about where to show up tailoring content to fit&nbsp;&nbsp; the platform leads to better engagement and&nbsp; results optimize wisely and watch the content Thrive analyze and adapt behind every seemingly&nbsp; overnight success are dozens of experiments and&nbsp;&nbsp; adjustments Jenny didn't hit 1 million views by&nbsp; accident she studed what worked what didn't and&nbsp;&nbsp; why data is your best friend pay attention&nbsp; to the analytics track progress and don't&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment remember the more&nbsp; one learns the more they grow analyze the&nbsp;&nbsp; content's performance regularly adapt strategies&nbsp; based on what is learned this continuous cycle&nbsp;&nbsp; of analysis and adaptation is key to going viral&nbsp; keep refining the approach and success will follow collaborate with other creators some of&nbsp; Jenny's biggest breakthrough moments came from&nbsp;&nbsp; collaborations that introduced her to entirely&nbsp; new audiences but here's what matters she only&nbsp;&nbsp; collaborates with people whose values align with&nbsp; hers who in your Niche could you create Magic with&nbsp;&nbsp; remember collaboration over competition working&nbsp; with other creators not only expands one's reach&nbsp;&nbsp; but also brings fresh perspectives and ideas to&nbsp; the content the Synergy from these collaborations&nbsp;&nbsp; can lead to Innovative projects that neither party&nbsp; could have achieved alone so Reach Out connect and&nbsp;&nbsp; start creating together the possibilities are&nbsp; endless remember the right collaboration can&nbsp;&nbsp; take your content to the next [Music] level be&nbsp; authentic and passionate at the end of the day&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithms change Trends fade but authenticity&nbsp; never goes out of style the videos where Jenny&nbsp;&nbsp; has been most genuinely herself where she has&nbsp; shared her real struggles and excitement those&nbsp;&nbsp; are the ones that have been shared the most lead&nbsp; with what lights you up and your passion will be&nbsp;&nbsp; contagious remember people connect with people&nbsp; not perfectly curated personas authenticity and&nbsp;&nbsp; passion are the heartbeats of compelling content&nbsp; they build trust and Foster genuine connections&nbsp;&nbsp; so be true to yourself and let your passion shine&nbsp; through your audience will feel it and respond in&nbsp;&nbsp; kind Jenny's authenticity is her unique signature&nbsp; embrace it and watch your content resonate deeply the viral Journey Starts Now Jenny still&nbsp; remembers having zero subscribers and wondering&nbsp;&nbsp; if anyone would ever care about what she had to&nbsp; share with the world if you're feeling that way&nbsp;&nbsp; right now know that Jenny sees you and she created&nbsp; this specifically for you and your journey these&nbsp;&nbsp; strategies change Jenny's life and they can change&nbsp; yours too if you put in the effort she'd love to&nbsp;&nbsp; walk alongside you on this journey it's time to&nbsp; turn those dreams into a reality starting today&nbsp;&nbsp; until next time remember that your unique voice&nbsp; deserves to be heard Jenny believes in you and&nbsp;&nbsp; your potential time is precious so start now and&nbsp; make every second count plan execute and watch&nbsp;&nbsp; your dream dreams unfold beautifully celebrate&nbsp; every Milestone no matter how small or big keep&nbsp;&nbsp; pushing forward and never stop dreaming&nbsp; big you've got this and we believe in you

- How Jenny Hoyos Cracked YouTube Shorts !: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Jenny Hoyos is 18 years old she's already a YouTube sensation 600 million views will do that her secret weapon YouTube shorts Jenny understands this new landscape she's cracked the code millions of eyes on her content prove it I'm fascinated by her story you should be too what makes Jenny different it's not about chasing viral moments it's about something more fundamental the hook she knows how to grab your attention from the first frame you're invested that's powerful that's 's magic in a world of fleeting attention spans Jenny holds ours hostage how by understanding the assignment YouTube shorts are a new game different rules different strategies Jenny's winning let's dive in learn from the best this is how you win on YouTube shorts everyone wants to go viral it's the Holy Grail of content creation but Jenny she's not chasing clout she's focused on something much more important the hook any topic can be interesting Jenny says it's about how you present it she's right a boring story told well becomes captivating That's The Power of a good hook Jenny's philosophy is simple grab attention immediately no fluff no wasted time every second counts she understands that viewers are impatient they're scrolling always looking for the next thing your job give them a reason to stop so how does she do it how does Jenny Hoyos craft these irresistible hooks it starts with a simple tool a pencil and paper I sketch out my ideas Jenny explains thumbnails titles key moments it's all visual she's not just thinking about the content but how it will look on a tiny screen readability is key Jenny aims for a fifth grade reading level why because it's accessible it's understandable you want everyone to get it she says no matter their age or background her process is meticulous she tests different titles analyzes successful creators Mr Beast is a master Jenny admits his language is so simple so effective Jenny Hoyos is more than just viral videos she's building something real a community a connection with her audience I want to create content that matters Jenny says something that makes people feel something it's a refreshing perspective in a world obsessed with views and likes she's using platforms like uscreen to Foster this community offering exclusive content behind the scenes access it's a smart move it deepens the relationship with her fans Jenny's story is just beginning she's proof that success on YouTube shorts is about more than just going viral it's about crafting compelling content building a community and never underestimating the power of a good hook

- How I Grew an Instagram Theme Page in ONE Week: Kind: captions Language: en i'm gonna grow an instagram theme page from scratch for the first time ever i don't know much about instagram theme pages but i do know that people are making thousands of dollars a month and i want to get on it too so i challenged myself to get 1 000 followers by the end of this week that'll put a comma next to my name which i've never had on any platform before so it's day one and i started a dog page called the doggy's land and i developed a strategic plan that should guarantee me followers consistency and this meant reposting a video every hour of the day and the reason i'm reposting videos and not pictures is because videos perform better on instagram think of it from a business standpoint instagram wants to keep their users on the app for as long as possible and anyone can look at a picture for a second but videos keep people on the post for a certain duration so videos perform better because they do a better job of keeping users on the platform and to find these videos i'll need to look through instagram reels and if you're not familiar with what this is reels is just a tick-tock copycat which is better for growing because regular instagram videos are only shown to those who follow me but instagram reels are shown to those interested in the niche even if they don't follow me because of this i'm only going to be posting reels to reach as many people possible but of course i'll need to post the best content possible in order to blow up so the routine i'm going to follow is to search hashtag dog memes and look through the reels tab for the highest performing reels then i'll go on to their profile and repost their top performing videos within the last week and of course give them credit in the caption and 17 posts later we ended day one with 27 followers now this is pretty bad and i know i'm nowhere near my goal but i have devised a new plan for today on top of posting consistently i'm gonna go on a crazy following spree and i don't just mean follow random people i'm gonna follow people who have liked previous dog posts that way i get the hottest leads and eventually we ended the day with 70 followers which meant that our following spree actually worked and with a 10 follow conversion this means that i only need to follow 10 000 people to get 1 000 followers but the issue with that is instagram limits the number of people you can follow per day and i can't just buy followers because that would kill my page's engagement what i mean by this is instagram rewards those who have active followers and punishes those who don't [Applause] instagram pushes your posts to a certain amount of followers and if they like the post they push it out to more followers until it gets pushed out to the explore page and this is important because without getting on the explore page i'm significantly less likely to reach new people so buying followers can actually backfire and stop my pages growth completely so for day three i'm going to continue following a lot of people but i'm also going to comment on a lot of dog pages posts to get my name further out there and hopefully if i get my name to the top of the comments section people either click on my account or yeah they just click on the account now i know what you're thinking running an instagram theme page sounds like a lot of work and it is but is there really a point to this yes instagram theme pages are just like every other business they take a lot of time and effort to start up but once you're done building it the money will start rolling in no jerome pal and the way this works is once you have an established page with a decent following brands aka dropshippers are going to pay you to give them a shout out and for a general rule of thumb you make about 100 per month for every 10 000 followers you have but it's completely possible to make a lot more than this and most pages that put in the work can easily get a hundred thousand followers which would mean one thousand dollars a month and one thousand dollars a month for 10 hours of work is crazy that's 100 an hour for posting on instagram and it's not even your content so we ended day three with 236 followers and we need to hit 400 followers by the end of today if we want to stay on track but i don't think that's gonna happen and it didn't happen because i got action blocked from posting following commenting and liking and i really have no choice now but to wait four to six days later we ended the challenge with 300 followers and i'm still action blocked even though i only had three days to grow my theme page i'm still really happy with the results since i was technically on pace to reach 1 000 followers if i wasn't screwed over by instagram now i completely went overboard by posting every hour but the strategy did work so i'm going to continue using it to grow this page make sure to subscribe to see a future updated video hopefully by then this page will be making money so if you want to get rich quick this is not for you but don't take it from me because this is not financial advice [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [82 likes]: Scroll back up and smash the like button 👀
  2. @simplyann_1 [1 likes]: I opened an Instagram account and had 1000 followers in a week
  3. @TBag-xl9qz [1 likes]: i did the same but in 2days i only get 4 followers
  4. @tawana1075 [1 likes]: Are you Jeremy's sister?
  5. @rohith7057 [1 likes]: my account got disabled permanently, please dont follow this method
  6. @ajayvishwakarma2817 [1 likes]: Took me some seconds to identify your gender 😅
  7. @lillybug1920: Bro the money is in every part
  8. @RICHIESTACKS.X: Did doggiesland ever blow up 😂
  9. @gladiator1568: Good to know
  10. @MarianMolam: ❤❤❤❤🎉
  11. @kimberlyself9192: That's a great 💡 idea
  12. @hollyrank: Real. But this is the year Instagram doesn't care if you're a bot 😂

Following spree?😂
  13. @theselface: The "blue's clues" thing catches my attention. Which is a stack of money in every clips.
  14. @raresandreiradita6163: won't a following spree get u banned or shadow banned?
  15. @leekydun: 👍🏽
  16. @tekklyfe5: Can you help me create a theme page please?
  17. @sakshibhujbal1956: Great video!
  18. @DollarSideHustle: I respect your drive and get why making money online is appealing, but sharing someone else’s content without their clear permission can be a bit tricky ethically. Giving credit in captions is thoughtful, but it doesn’t always mean you have their consent. Have you thought about how this might affect copyright laws or how the original creators might feel? Maybe putting energy into creating your own content, even if it takes more time, could be a better and more ethical choice in the long run.
  19. @liamslore: Love your content, I remember before you blew up!
  20. @myweightlossjourneys: Can meme channels actually make money???? Don’t brands usually ask influencers to talk about their brand?

- Jenny Hoyos: How to Make YouTube Shorts Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en first things first the best hooks don't have a hook how would you make someone curious you need to be specific as to what's going to happen but they don't know how that's going to happen no one realizes how hard it is you know it takes longer to find a place to film and to set it up than it does to film the video you can still spark controversy without being controversial before we start this podcast I have one little favor to ask you can you please hit the Subscribe button down below so we can help more people every single week thank you so where I want to start is with this episode how can we make these clips go as viral as possible that's a good question um having the best hooks hooks are the most important thing if you don't hook the viewer then they're not even going to watch the rest of the clip or the video so we have to have very strong hooks what do you think about when people say you shouldn't repurpose podcast clips into short form I think they are being close-minded I mean it's uh podcast Clips definitely do well on short form content I think content can be repurposed on short form as long as it's tailored for short form can you exp yeah so reposting a and even so like I was going to say reposting a raw clip would probably flop but even so like reposting a raw clip could still do well if it was if it was like perfect in the moment but good content just gets views I mean if there's a a funny moment or a really good takeaway it it's going to get views but when I say especially when you optimize it I mean if you cut out all the the fluff and literally it's edited to be as if it was a standalone short then I think it's totally fine so are you do you recommend only creating native content for a. platform or can you do the repurpose kind of gig and the reason why I ask is a lot of people that I see with podcast content it might perform well on Instagram but flop on YouTube or not work on Tik Tok at the same time wait so you're sorry so you're saying it dep or you're ask me if it if it depends on which platform yeah as in would you specifically focus on that exact platform like natively because the code underneath is quite is quite different right code on different platforms is different so maybe your video is interpreted differently by the analytics by the platform by consumption yeah there's different audiences on different platforms so I mean of course a video should be edited differently for different platforms um but it is it is tough to do that like even with my videos that are completely like not a repost like even for my videos that are its own thing you know I ideally it would be re like edited differently for different platforms but it's not um it's depending on the team and resources it's not very accomplishable so I think it's usually best to to focus on one platform and um re repost from there because a good video could still do well on all platforms although I I do think that all platforms are different so there is going to always be one that does does better if you're focusing on that one just because there's different audiences on different platforms how do you differentiate between platforms like what you think is best suited what style of content is best suited for YouTube Compared to Instagram is it more story Le more narrative driven more entertainment like how do you distinguish between those different factors yeah YouTube is definitely the it's it's the platform for storytelling YouTube wants narratives um like like I'm trying to think okay so YouTube not even just just short form content YouTube as a whole is going to be the next Netflix it is going to it is already beating TV and cable so people who are watching short form content do want more of a journey narrative character devel vment but when it comes to the other platforms people are more they're they're they're more likely Doom scrolling um so I will say I think Tik Tok or YouTube is more uh should be more edited Tik Tok is definitely more raw and Instagram is also raw but shorter than Tik Tok I feel like Tik Tok could be three minutes and and raw and people still watch it but Instagram they they the audience read like short clips but they also like concise value people who are on Instagram tend to be um like the most popular content on Instagram is like self-improvement content so especially in and typically that's like what podcasts are for the most part that that would crush it on Instagram why do you think YouTube is going to become more like Netflix that's watch your do I mean YouTube is a free well just like all the other platforms it's a free platform it's it's owned by Google um it's it's just it's it's the biggest that's what everyone's doing right now everyone's using YouTube right now to watch those con uh to watch movie like content I mean you can see that people are posting like one hour videos now like you can even see with YouTube recently how they made shorts now three minutes long because shorts are the new long form and now long form is the new movies or it's it's long forms are before long forms like 10 minutes but now they're trying to beat movies so now shorts is the new long form it's kind of hard like I don't know if that was a good wording but that's what I see that's super interesting even the production so we can have a look at that ini right I noticed that even with my podcast now like we have to have the best cameras the best lenses the best storytelling the standard is just getting better and better and as a result you kind of have to evolve it's just it's just basically like everything so how how do you think about the standard of short form compared to even when you started crushing it initially so maybe two three years ago when you started really taking off you think that all the standard in general is just higher and therefore it's more competitive to compete oh my goodness yes the standard is always getting higher and with more technology more tools AI um like like generative Phill and now there's going to be generative video um the standard is is always increasing so it's it's unbelievable how like I can optimize my video as much as I want right now and in five years the technology is going to be so good that it doesn't matter how good I I did now I'm just going to get outshined by the new technology so honestly because of that and I've been looking into this myself and experimenting because of that the only way to truly combat that is if your videos are good raw you know if that makes sense because if you have editing the editing is going to look like like an old style in the future but if there's no editing the video was just like really good and a really good raw moment or like it was just like a real life funny moment then that could still stand the test the time because people knew you weren't trying to edit it was just like a raw moment CAU that could be shown for years give me an example of that like what would be your raw moment that can stand consistently is that the video on its own yeah I think yeah I think um I think of stories that can be told without the video being trimmed or edited um I have a couple of them I'm trying to think okay so like for example example one video that I I did recently was um the video starts with my mom's bed in the middle of our pool and I have a knife and I poke it and then she's deflating and she slowly falls into the water the video has zero Cuts it's just like that that's just a funny moment um and like because I didn't do like like special effects that like sometimes like you do special effects or sound effects or like a meme effects that are popular now that's that's going to get outdated in five 10 years or not even maybe in in in two years those sound effects or whatever effects you're using could get outdated so I think it's important to like focus on the actual content more than what you are doing in post-production pre-production and production matters more do you have a like a Content framework is there something that you break out because you sit under like personal finance that's kind of where you broadly sat you know how do you think about the content that falls under that and how do you how do you build that thesis let's go kind of super deep on that is it there are content Theses that you build out that creates this ecosystem that you know then you can go create different videos off so like what is my framework for coming up with ideas or my framework when when I have the video and how I outline it I would say before that so when you're starting let's say someone's starting a new channel should they build a Content framework that sits on that has like niches sub niches subtopics how do you think about that oh my goodness I I love this question yeah when you're starting a channel the best thing you can do is is start in a niche and Niche down as much as possible and a lot of people think oh but if I do something like woodworking for women I'm only going to get like a thousand views because like how many women are woodworking like my video isn't G to get any views because there is no big audience for it that's not how it works at all it's it's quite the opposite because there's such a small audience for it and no one else is doing that I don't at least I don't think it's going to be very easy easy for YouTube to find the audience because it is such a small specific audience YouTube is going to want to show it to those people so YouTube will actually have or or any platform platforms are pretty all platforms are smart um they'll have an easy time finding that audience if you're like very specific with who you want to reach so that is like the number one thing know who your specific Avatar is and what kind of content you will make that will be able to attract that viewer are you familiar with Noah marus and his SAS platform that finds these niches I've heard of it yes I had him on my podcast in Bali and he basically is looking for opportunities that are underserved so let's say woodw for women and then have high demand so there's a ton of demand that people are searching for it so there's like an equilibrium an an off-balance equilibrium so you have a very good opportunity to get in there and grow in there very quickly and that's how he's exploring faceless channels and how he's kind of finding those gems continuously how do you how do you think about that because like the average person who starts does not have this knowledge of like market equil equilibrium whereby you have supply and demand he they don't understand that initially right yeah it's definitely tough to find that um honestly for me I think what's really a good really good place to start is see if you have for one an unfair Advantage um there's a book about this where it's like basically what are what is something that you are super good at or you have a lot of experience in and it's it's going to be really easy for you to start making content there hopefully whatever that that thing is there is a that supply and demand but let's say you have no experience in nothing in anything or the thing you do have experience in has too much um Supply and not enough demand um then honestly I would pick what you're you're passionate about and then think of ways that you can make it specific so for me when I first started my channel I really liked Finance um because I was studying it in college so I was like oh I want to do something in finance but like that's very Broad and and I didn't have an unfair Advantage because I was still studying it I wasn't like some Guru and I wasn't Rich so I was like okay let's like Niche this down so it's like I like finance and it's going to be for teens so that's already Niche because not a lot of teens like it and it's going to be me learning with everyone so it's like okay so it's like Finance is really big topic but people don't usually do it in a way where they're trying to learn with the audience and especially not for teens that's kind of how like I found my thing how do you translate that so what's your framework for helping people go zero to one so they build out their Niche what's their next step from there let's walk through that life that life cycle I'm trying to think how specific to get because at a big scale like in the macro at least what I did um and it and it depends tell me if this is onlineed with your audience like for me I wanted to I I wanted to conquer Niche by Niche or like slowly expand where I noticed like um I was like doing my research and Recon and noticed like okay if I'm getting 100,000 views in this Niche like I'm crushing it so then when I was like averaging 100,000 views I'm like okay now let me expand to um like broader and broader versions of Finance so first I started with with uh investment videos then I went to like side hustles which is very Broad and then I went to side hustles and saving money and then I went to just like saving money in general which is like literally anyone and everyone um until eventually it just became General entertainment content where the main character is a cheap skate and it's like anyone can watch that so at a macro that's that's what I did um but I think like I I hate to say this because I I would always get mad at this advice but it's so true that like you kind of do have to just throw a spaghetti at the wall and see what works you just have to do it correctly though like you can't just throw random things and hoping that it it sticks with an audience what I did instead was when I first started out I did like almost basically the same video format and it would be different topics but let's say it was side hustles it would be a bunch of different side hustles the scripting format would be exactly the same but I would do the hook differently just the hook to see which hook had the highest view versus swipe away or had you know the highest people hooked and then okay we mastered the hook now we keep that and then we change little things to the script until eventually it's like this is the framework that works we're going to keep doing this and the logic here is that like quality proceeds quantity like you have to get to the point whereby you're doing enough quantity to understand what quality is because we can all look at a video and think oh like that's great that's top performing but but you can't deconstruct that if you look at a top performing podcast or a clip unless you've done the Reps so that's that's an amazing point right is that I think for people that in the beginning especially the beginning of their Channel they're so worried about how the camera looks the light looks and everything at the end of the day they need execution they need reps in saying the lines running the videos editing the videos and at that point you can slow down and say okay this sucked I'll make this better I'll make that process better so want me sure your refinement process because I think that's something I really observed about you that you're you're like a scientist right you're looking at these things and you're you're improving them but ideally when you were in the beginning like how did you refine those videos you're moving out the hook is there anything else you're doing because from a podcast perspective it's very hard to refine a video without putting in a lot of episodes because you can't really see what videos are sticking and you can't decode them as to why they're working or not working yeah that's a good question um yeah that that makes sense because with podcast Clips it's not like you can reuse the same scripting format because the clips are just going to be like they're all going to be different structures is what you're saying and the guests are different it's not it's not dependent on you you know sometimes your questions for sure how you speak for sure but it's so multifactorial basically I think it could be worth posting the same clip and editing it in different ways um or testing different things like even on my channel and and no one actually knows no one actually knows because no like CU because only you know a lot of the things that you're doing but like there are so many videos that I would post it and then like after a few minutes or even an hour I'm like oh shoot the hook is doing bad like let me private it change this up and repost it and and nothing bad ever happens at least when I do it as long as you don't do it like too often you still let the video breathe it's totally okay to pull down a video and and repost it um there is one video that was like Absolut like and this was crazy to me because it's one of my big biggest videos like after 1 hour it was a 10 of 10 I can't remember exactly like what the the numbers were but I just remember I was like wow like this video is like the retention was horrible um so I privated it and then I um changed the the way the hook was we added like something to the hook because and then because it was like a low view versus swipe away and then um you reposted it one hour later the video was a one of 10 um and I think it had like 10x views what okay we can get into as well the changing of titles and thumbnails like how does that work especially for long form and short form but specifically on the hook so I think we're at the point now in 2024 where people know we need a good hook but there's obviously levels to the game right there's there's complete different levels so how do you think about what's a super viral video hook versus something that's just quite standard like how do you view that how do you how do you build that into your your scripting and your content writing first things first the best hooks don't have a hook which is like kind of a weird thing to say but I used to think in my videos I need to start by saying exactly what I'm going to do and then start the video but in actuality it's better to start the video immediately and in the point that you are starting in it is enough context to understand what's going to go down if that makes sense um so I guess like with podcast clips for example and I don't think anyone does this and I think this is at least I hope people don't do it like for example with podcast Clips you don't want to like be like okay I'm I'm interviewing this person and I'm about to ask them the craziest question like no just ask the question like just start with the the insane question that you going to ask them we start with the the most insane moment so that's number one thing like the hooks aren't even a hook like the video already started um but then even so how do you know where you start the video for me there's three things that there's a there's a three point or there's there's three things that I check off on my checklist uh which is number one it needs to have shock ideally it's visual because people see quicker than they hear um but it needs to be something that just completely throws them off like they just scrolled into wait what the I just see or what did I just hear like it needs to completely throw them off um and then it needs to set a clear expectation so um for example if you are going to be cooking you need to be in the kitchen like if if you were like starting outside for the hook and then you went inside it's confusing because then people are going to leave right after it needs to be such a clear uh expectation of what they are going to get um and then also give a give the viewer a reason to watch until the end like it needs to there needs to be something that makes the viewer be so curious that they not they they they can't help but watch until the end to hear um how a problem gets resolved or how the qu or what the answer to the question is how do you think about those open Loops so how do you script an open loop that comes back that makes a viewer stay till the very end yeah it that's a it's a good question because it's it's definitely difficult to do that um I guess it just comes back into shock you don't want it to seem too vag because sometimes if it's like for example I when when I say like you need to give a reason to watch it till the end a lot of people say like you won't believe what happens at the end like like I I won't care to watch it to the end like what does that even mean you don't say that to someone when you meet them you know I'm going to tell you the story and you just stay to the end of this conversation to find out the rest of it right that's not how humans interact I think like that's the best thing with videos is create a human interaction so you don't sound like a robot that's the number one thing it should feel like a conversation with the viewer um but yeah the the Curiosity yeah I think that's a good way to put it like how would you make someone curious I think you need to be specific as to know how that's going to happen um it's really interesting it's very similar because right now I'm working on because I I'm doing live streaming so I've been making live stream Clips recently so it's like very very similar psychology where it's like I'm repurposing content I have to figure out how to how to make it work but yeah usually I just I'm trying to think which one is my my favorite one well I mean I guess it's like these aren't even that that good of hooks but like for example in one of them the video starts with like me in bed it's so confusing if you don't have the context but like I'm laying in bed and I'm like we're gonna have a disco party very soon we just need 700 more subscribers um and that's what I said now it's it sounds like okay but how is that hooking well there's a lot of shocking things going on one why am I seeing that in bed two why is she going to have a disco party and now she needs 700 more subscribers okay so what is I just got completely thrown off and now I know that I need to watch it till the end like you're so thrown off that I guess you kind of want to watch it till the end and be like this is so weird I guess I I do have to see and you have the expectation that we have to wait for her to gain 700 subscribers I guess that's interesting because it's it's complex but it's not too complex right it's not like you start a podcast with it's not like you start a clip saying hey this is my new SAS company and everyone's like what's SAS and they flick off it's something that people can relate to or they understand so there's like an element here of like Simplicity but also an open loop as a result so there's a lot of stuff going on here uh tell me about environment so one thing I I've noticed myself comparing it to podcasting is that podcast Clips can look really dry because you're just in a studio so we just talked about earlier how the quality of production really matters like the plant in the back actually does matter and now I joke in the beginning that it doesn't when you start out but then you do need a fake plant in the back because the environment has to be really not on point and on line but somehow does but when I watch your videos you know you're basically I watched the latest one with your mom and there was the car driving and you had to see there's two boxes with the two merch how much time do you put into like setting up that environment so like again the shock factor is align to the storytelling because that must be exhausting too at the same time right you're like going around trying to find the perfect setting oh my goodness I love that you as that because no one realizes how hard it is that is the you know it takes longer to find a place to film and to set it up than it does to film the video 100% And also small things like the lighting right like what cam what camera do you use I just use my phone cuz relatability for sure but if you use the like I'm looking at two very very expensive Sony cameras right now if I bring them outside it's a show like I can't get the lighting correct it's an absolute M and it's too annoying to so as a result that's why I'm so less inclined to do I do some outdoor stuff but it's like a hassle I'm not I know this sounds such like a princess right I sound like a princess but it actually is a hassle it's so much more complicated yeah it's so difficult like what what people don't see is how many people are actually behind the scenes like for that car video for example so like so I had my my dad and my brother helped film and then my brother is in the car and then my dad is the one behind the camera monitoring all the three cameras like but then people just think it's just me and my mom there because that's what they see right even in videos where where people think there's no one behind it's quite funny like especially with my live streams it's it's actually hilarious because it is just me at least that's what people think and then in front of me I just see like five people who are like monitoring chat and like like like holding the camera and it's so fun funny because like they're laughing and I'm looking at them and I'm talking to them but I think it helps with the interaction but anyway yeah the set matters so much um the the environment matters so much you want to keep it simple and clean and even the colors matter so much I mean color theory is is huge can you explain that yeah so the biggest thing for me because I have a very young audience is all the colors need to be vibrant in contrast I think contrast is the the most important thing I mean I'm not contrasting very well right now actually you are contrasting very well with your environment um but yeah like for example when I film my kitchen we have to be very intentional with what we wear because we have reddish brown kitchen cabinets for example and then if there's two characters it needs to be like a Triad color wheel so if there's red then that means I should wear blue and my mom should wear yellow um so explain all different colors so I get that you're different colors yeah so walk me through the color wheel there's if there's only two main colors in a scene there opposites from each other so if you pull up a color wheel yellow and blue are across from each other like directly like straight and and red and green are like directly straight across from each other when there's now three colors that you need to introduce you need to get the color wheel and get a triangle so you now have the three or the the the two across each other the blue and the yellow but then you also it turns to a triangle and that's how you pick the the next color it's it's it sounds complicated but if you put an image be very it'd be very simple but usually colors that are opposite from each other in the color wheel tend to like um that's usually what they because they contrast most so that that is the most important thing for us to make sure that viewers can tell the difference but even so the color matters as well depending on the mood that you're trying to give but let's give an example of that because or let's see how this breaks down right because let's say you have a um a short and it's you in your kitchen baking and the colors are set up or they're not set up if that video was a 10 out of 10 would you look at that and think okay I need to change my shirt to make it green or like how do you think about that because there's so like there's so many variables and I know that you're you are factoring in changes to the variables but how do you know which variable is off that is an amazing question sometimes you just have to make your best like or not even sometimes most of the time you make your best educated guess um for the most part the shirt color won't affect performance unless I will say if the cabinets were red and I was wearing red I do think that is a big problem because now you're just blending in um the color doesn't affect performance and I will say to some extent the set won't affect performance like what you were saying but what I do think is things like that especially the set especially the set that's why it's so important are things that drive comments that is why we pay very much attention to like what's visually happening and we want to um with we want to be intentional as well as um I know we haven't brought this up which is why I want to say it um with with anything we want to be intentional about designing our comment section we want to know what we want people to say and what we need to do to have people say that okay wait you need to go deeper into that so what do you mean yeah so one of the they almost every viral video has a strong comment section and for the most part people usually comment the same thing and there it's not coincidence that the most viral videos have a comment section that has the same thing being said um so yeah and and not even just there's a lot of there's a lot of things that come into it so we don't just want to get comments just because comments gets views comments in itself doesn't get views like it's not like your video's going to blow up if you it you shouldn't tell people oh comment so this video can blow up it's not going to make a video blow up but getting people to comment could have them potentially rewatch the video or let it play out while they're leaving a comment or even or even cooler if someone leaves a comment and they leave the app and someone replies to their comment or you reply to the comment and they open up the app again just to respond to the person who responded to their comment that's showing YouTube oh so they reopened the app or whatever platform they re open the app because of because because of their whoever you whoever whoever it is basically whoever the Creator is this person reopen the app um multiple times to reply in the comment section of this video um so yeah the comments is is huge because of that reason so you want to design the comment section by having Easter eggs or saying something or doing something that's going to emotionally maybe not trigger people but but spark people emotionally it's going to hit them emotionally that's what gets the com do you want to grow and monetize your podcast but you don't know where to begin have you tried all the tricks and hacks but nothing has worked have you been wasting time money and energy and seeing an analytics chart with no growth that's where vog comes in we've been helping podcast grow and monetize their shows for many years we've grown shows to over 100 million views done over 10 million downloads gener over $2 million in only the last year alone and we can help you grow and monetize your own podcast we've had some shows go from absolutely zero we've had some of the biggest influencers in the world come to us to help and improve their show so if you want to learn exactly our podcast growth flywheel and exactly how we can do this for you and completely replicate success schedule a call right down below myself and we can go through the exact model for you and to grow your podcast this year if you look at Instagram specifically a lot of the viral videos they have a contrasting comments positive and negative and then people that are positive trigger and negative people and vice versa whereas I know for you and your demographic and the style of video and kind of who you are you're not sparking controversy so how do you do this because that seems that seems like the only way that I see that to go super parabolic how do you think about it you can still spark controversy without being controversial so for example um I think this is a really good example my videos are very childish like it it okay and I just say this for all the listeners my if you see my videos I am a complete goofball but it is because I know that's what gets the views it's funny if you scroll to see my first videos on my channel it was very finance and Technical but anyway um yeah so an example one of my recent videos that I spark controversy was um I did this hook have you ever seen this trick this is actually a very good visual hook have you ever seen the trick where you put a marshmallow in between Oreos and then like you blow into it and then it like expands no like you know like how Oreo has cream if you put a marshmallow in the middle of it and then like you can you can expand it and make it look like cream is expanding from the Oreo basically okay I think I actually yeah I have I have I have so the video started with me like the video was about how to actually eat Oreos properly so I did that to get the visual shock from the viewer and then I I say um but to eat Oreos properly you need to remove the cream and then eat the cookie so it's like I'm hooking to people who love the cream clearly because that's why the video the video started with the cream growing and then I end up just removing it and eating the cookie itself and everyone in the comments are just like no way she really eats cookies without the cream or Oreo cookies without the cream for example um and I guess that's like almost again that's like a a simple controversial yeah um and I've noticed too when you're you had a video was a $3 burrito from Chipotle and if you ever know notice that the chipot Chipotle cult there's some people that love it and some people actually hate it it's just weird right it's just the way like brands are made so the fact that you have a video that's like $3 burrito people are like oh you shouldn't spend $14 on a burrito but at the same time people are like oh this is a great hack to have the same quality so that in itself is enough controversy without having to say something like ridiculous on the internet basically yeah I think the key thing as well is just having an unpopular opinion sometimes I don't even have that unpopular opinion but I'll do it like in one video I nonchalantly ate popcorn with ketchup but like like it could be argued that you could do that I would never do that but I knew people would say something what was the context of that video um POV eating while watching a movie and then it's like the the trailers playing but like you finished all the food before the movie even started basically m okay I was EA poporn with ketchup uh I want to ask you about the community side of it because you you mentioned around how you're basically creating this loyal community that you get them involved I saw this on your Instagram I think it was and you mentioned around when you were getting to I don't know what it was like 5 million subscribers or whatnot you wrote everyone's name on the wall yes it's break down our philosophy like what's happening there yeah okay so you you're talking about the video or the live stream uh it was a live stream I think it was okay yeah cu the live stream is those live streams are huge for building Community like for context just like this is my little hook I get a donation every 10 seconds on my live stream how much are the donations they're like a dollar they're they're nothing crazy but like every five seconds crazy like every 5 10 seconds how much dollars is that I think it's like a thousand an hour yeah it's it's pretty so oh my God that's because because it's like a minimum of like not all all people would donate different amounts but sure yeah so it just didn't I don't know why well I do know why people are donating I say I don't know why but I know why but yeah basically for as far as Community people want to be involved they want to control you or not like okay that sounds weird like they don't want to control you but like they want to know that they are making a difference basically so um recently I've been doing a lot of live streams where I do something for every subscriber or I do a custom thing for a subscriber or cooking what my subscribers tell me um but yeah th those do amazing so um I mean it's simple psychology people want to be involved so think of different ways they could be involved and the best way they could be involved is just by hitting subscribe because that's a simple thing that they can do our worst ones have been like when we tell them to do something like like comment and I will do the thing because you can't reply to like every comment but like if there's like for every like if you have to do something for every subscriber that's like pretty easy like let's say if it's like jumping jacks like and you can like and you can basically every single one of them is valuable that's what people want to feel even bit beyond be besides the live stream things like even conversion wise when we get subscriber pushes um or when we do subscriber pushes like the people want to feel like them as an indiv individual person are making a difference and you need to think of ways that like each individual viewer and person can make a difference how do you do that so I'll give you an example just my own personal example so when I have the US tour that we did the call to action was like you know if you enjoy all the effort that we're putting into making these episodes as like high quality and L like production as possible please subscribe so that we can help other more people every single week CU then they're pared of like a flywheel that then if it helps them with this video this video is to help other people so that's the kind of call to action and if you have ever read influenced by robbert chalini he points out that when there's a rationale between the ask so can I get so if you're in Starbucks and you ask can I go in front of you you'll say no go away but if I say can I go in front of you because I have to get to a meeting you're like yeah no problem go ahead so it's a justification of the action that if you just have a justification people will generally just do it genuinely yeah no definitely I think that's a very good example one of the best examples that I've ever heard was in Diary of a CEO I remember it because this is what made me subscribe um basically he said uh Stephen Butler said something along the lines of like um please subscribe because as you can see the more subscribers we have the bigger that the podcast guests get so subscribing will really help um get the attention of these bigger influences and we can make better podcasts and I'm like huh yeah if I subscribe then yeah maybe he can like I love his podcast I want to get someone who's even more famous so I can listen to that that interview um so making it more part of a movement and but at a lower scale something that I've been helping or I've helped one of my clients with is e sometimes it's even with the language that you use so he does a lot of uh self-development and um or self-development content so a lot of the times he'll give tips and right after the tips we have him say something along the lines of like um like oh you should be doing X just like my subscribers have been doing for the last few months or um something that shows that like oh the subscribers have been part like they they've been known about even though even though they haven't like we just have him say something along those lines of um this the subscribers have known about this and have been doing this makes it sound like oh there's a community that I need to be part of so I don't I I can be the first to know these tips yeah it's like a cult basically you want to be you're basically bringing them into your your ecosystem and as a result you're enabling them to be part of part of the tribe yes you want them to feel like well it is a community but you you want them to Fe you want them to actually feel it you don't just want to say it's a community but actually let them feel it even recently I I Discord server so everyone can talk to each other so there's actually there's actually a community it's not just it's not just uh oh you guys are just subscribers I guess 100% you want to hear something so cool about that when I built our community it's so it's very small right going back to P Flynn it's the power of small communities but because they're all podcasters they all actually interview each other on their own show and I never I never even I never suggested it never even thought about it and then over time they've all popped up on different people's shows and it's amazing right because that's the power of bringing people together especially when they're aligned to the same Mission and what's funny is they're all in different niches like they're different age demographics or different niches but they found similarities in the content in the style and everything so that's pretty cool right so let's go a little bit deeper on titles and thumbnails am I correct in saying that on YouTube you have your own specific thumbnails for shorts or how does that work cuz they look very aesthetic you do not have it but I'm part of a beta program okay I was wondering I was wondering I'm in the club you're not in the club yeah our thumbnails are just aesthetically pleasing they don't really do much thumbnails don't matter on shorts 99.99% of your views are going to come on the shorts feed when people are scrolling so they won't even see your thumbnail um thumbnail does not matter yeah but title to some extent does it kind of doesn't but it kind of does because even if someone scrolling they can still um they they could still see the title because it's like on the bottom um but the key thing for me as far as titles is keeping it as short as possible because the longer it is or the bigger it is the more space it takes up because it starts turning into double lines triple lines and now it's covering the actual video um so keeping it as short as possible while um giving good well complimenting the actual video so just like we have a h that like so let's say you are saying a you're you're starting in your podcast clip you're already starting with um you already talking and then you have a a hook title text that that shows like what's going to come at the end um the title should further comp it's kind of like that like it should further complement the video um without saying you won't believe what's going to happen at the end it's going to say something that that that's a little more clear but basically says that the way I think about it that's so interesting because I would have thought that a toilet is super super important because on the YouTube home feed you have a you have a horizontal section that's for shorts so you can scroll across on on desktop on desktop So and I've often just seen just like you know the importance of the title there I've been keeping them very short very succinct like generally less than like 30 40 characters because they trunc a right it goes dot dot dot do you want to know how we book the most amazing guests on our podcast like you're seeing today I've created a full template and guide and every single script that I've ever used to get the best guest in the world and I've put everything together in a simple step-by-step process if you click the link down below I'll give you the exact guide to book any guests on your podcast and have a full guest management system for you to manage every single guest if you want to see the process behind booking guests like Justin Waller Luke belmer Sterling Cooper and every guest in the online business space click the link down below and you'll get the full guide for free thank you yeah with the different is if it was like usually with like let's say if it was like a long form that you were titling let's say you were doing a challenge it wouldn't work as a short to say um the whatever it's called challenge um because it's like well well there's there's no reason I mean I guess there's a reason to watch because it's like the challenge but like it's it's better to be visually showing that challenge and then say something like I almost died doing this challenge like something that um basically tells you that something cool is going to happen at at the end without telling you well I I said is a good example that was a little more specific that's so that's so interesting you can link long form video to short form now do you advise that or not like get people from to go from shorts to long form yes so you know you can you can link video and there's lots of different skills that taught that it works it doesn't work it decreases reach like what's your thoughts on that I mean if you're trying to push viewers refers to uh a long form podcast and it's like a clip directly from the podcast you you have to you have to link it um the conversion rate I have found is not like super insane um like I think my best one has been like 1% but like the average is like like maybe like 0.1% conversions imagine conversions are not amazing but you know what you you'll take what you can get um but if if a video is not like if it is not repurposed if it's like its own Standalone thing then I wouldn't I wouldn't be pushing A long form or I wouldn't be like going out of my way to create a trailer to promote the long form through shorts because the conversions aren't that great anyway it's more of something like if it there's the chance and it's it's like a good opportunity you might as well but it's not it doesn't convert very well I would think so as well in terms of it just doesn't make sense because my idea this is that the consumption is different right it's like T to brain versus long form brain and it's almost like people on shorts to watch shorts they want to watch long they would have clicked on a long form so what do you think the workflow is so let's say someone opens up YouTube do you think they're opening up YouTube to land on the shorts page or to land on the home page because like just for me I'm I don't really use shorts in terms of like consumption obviously I create shorts but I don't really always use it so how do you think about the workflow because if people land on the YouTube homepage on their mobile are they just going straight at the shorts and how do you think about that definitely depends on the audience I mean everyone's different it's really funny because I I realize it like when one of my little little little little cousins it's like six years old um like saw me watching a long form and they're like oh what is this I didn't know YouTube had horizontal videos they didn't say horizontal but they they basically said I didn't know they had like long videos and I'm like what do you mean like Oh I thought they were just like your phone you know so it's shocking because to me it's like like that's crazy I think so it definitely depends on the viewer I will say um the older the demographic they tend to do like you know those those longer for videos but yeah it's definitely I think it depends on the the viewers mood when they are going onto the the onto the app so something I will say is if someone is uh on shorts like there could be someone who watches both right and they're on shorts and they see the clip and it's directing to a long form video maybe they don't convert but what because because they're in the shorts brand but what they can do or would probably do is okay let me click into this put on my watch later um because right now I'm in short spring but later I might want to listen to this in the background or settle down listen this so that's actually why we focus on YouTube specifically for podcasts because we had so much Discovery like just impressions are just a a thousand times times higher than Spotify on our audio um and then by virtue of that becoming top of funnel people will listen when they're cleaning their care when they're in the gym when they're on a walk in their own audio native platform but you just stay top of mind with YouTube so it's like sometimes we're not optimizing for views on YouTube We're optimizing just for like basy Impressions and then people will consume on other platforms later because you know a 4our podcast you might not be able get to does that make sense um the key thing is okay it's like in marketing someone doesn't see a commercial once and then they buy the product yeah I think it's they have to see it on average I think it was like at least six times I could be wrong I think it was at least six times um but it was some some some high number so I I kind of think of it that same way where it's like you know even if someone doesn't directly go to the video or directly click on the link to watch the full version it's still good if they become a loyal shorts viewer or they're just watching your shorts and then one day they run into your long form or one day they're on Spotify and they no oh wait the same person I always watch on shorts is actually um I forgot they had a podcast like like it's funny because a lot of people like they see the clips but they don't go sometimes they might not like it might it might not like they might not think about like actually just watching the thing until one day they they they realize like oh yeah this is the person I always watch I should give it a shot yeah what's funny there is I often meet people especially in Bali because you have a lot of creators and they always say like oh look I've seen your podcast and I'm like oh like what have you seen they're like oh I just see the clips and I'm like yeah perfect because that's how they discover right they see the clips of the guest they may know the guest or whatnot shorts is great for discoverability and just like getting big reach and that suits me perfectly fine you know you don't need to sit down and listen to a two-hour podcast to be able to connect with someone you can actually just use the clip as an anchor effectively have you heard this is very early days but have you heard that Spotify might be bringing shorts into the Spotify platform I did not know that I don't know what that's going to look like they started it for artists right now so the top performing like musicians or whatever they can release shorter clips of their music as a geed so the logic is oh YouTube music has that YouTube music has that but on Spotify specifically they're they they followed YouTube so I've been really deep down as rbit hole whereby Spotify was always a terrible platform especially for podcast it was always awful for impressions for Discovery it was terrible and then they've been chasing YouTube so the discovery got better if I click on my account I see like impressions of my podcast and the number it seems fake like it's just like a really high number of Impressions it seems fake but then they brought in video and video came in I was like oh we're just going to upload a video whatever but next the logic is they're going to start bringing in shorts and if they do we'll be you know pretty well positioned to kind of go all in on that but I don't know I just feel like that I just feel like it's just not as good as YouTube I don't know why oh th% and people don't people aren't going to Spotify to watch like to watch videos yeah yeah it's so true right it's a different viewing experience different behaviors in different platforms tell me about the uh the monetization site so you mentioned the $1 every like 10 seconds which is absolutely crazy for your video that is 161 million short or views on shorts how much does a video like that generate I believe that one has generated a little over $5,000 it's not it's not that much so the reason why asked is because when I when I spoke with Pat yesterday he has one video that has 15 million views on a Pokemon channel on long form and it did $72,000 yeah so crazy right oh my God goodness so like that's the difference between long form versus short form so what do you think as as a result do you look at ad Revenue as like a just a happy coincidence that happens on the side or do you not really consider it like what do you think about from the from building a business perspective AdSense is I pretend it doesn't exist same exact same exact same exact same like it kind of sucks to say CU I love YouTube and it's not their fault it's not YouTube's fault it's advertisers aren't putting the money to short form content um because why it it is it's a lot harder to to get people to to buy from one ad that they see in between every 10 shorts so I I understand from an Advertiser perspective um yeah that yeah's not great so for for monetization I focus on external things um and my PRI okay I have two ones that are like they're like neck to neck every month they like surpass each other so it's like it's definitely it's definitely funny but I would say for most creators the number one way to monetize is through brand deals and sponsorships but not just from a Creator perspective but from a consultant perspective um so the way I explain it is the best ads but ads commercials for the longest time have always been 30 seconds on TV they've always been 30 seconds right and shorts just will happen to be perfect for that so I actually find that short form advertisements are more effective than long form advertisements I mean I know long format uh sponsorships are more popular right now but the truth is when when someone promotes a like long form sponsorship they're probably doing some sort of Challenge and then they then they spon then they mark market like a stock app like how does that even make sense like it's completely two different things yeah versus like on shorts from the bat off the bat you can already like the whole video could just be an ad and you can start with with um giving value about the company I mean the the Box video that you were talking about I mean that whole video is literally just a commercial um just talking about dot store domains so right now there's a huge opportunity where short form sponsorships are actually getting paid much better than long form for the simple fact that um you can make it a dedicated commercial granted if in long form you are doing like your whole video is just about the product that's a different story but most people don't do that most people do their own video and they they slot in about the product but yeah um that is the best way to monetize right now and then um on top of that so you promote it on your on your page and then you also get give them usage rights for for an extra C extra fee of course to run ads behind it and if the ads are doing good then they're going to keep paying you every month so that they can license that content hold on that's super interesting because we're doing exactly this in the podcast space like we have a huge advertising arm in the business like a like a very large part of the business and I would say it's because the market hasn't caught up to placing ads on podcast they don't really know pricing that much so want me through the the process there where whereby they run ads on the back end of the ad already how does that work yeah so there's a lot of ways that it can work but for the most part I post a video on my page and then I tell a brand like hey do you want to run ads on it and give it a shot for seven days um and if it does well then you'll pay me x amount per month usually it's 30% of what the video costed for to get posted on my channel um and yeah right when you do something like that they are able to leverage your audience because you're posting on your page but then as far as ads they're leveraging your name and likeness and the fact that people trust you that's super interesting okay so they run it on their budget they pay you an extra fixed fee and then you don't because they're using your name and likeness yeah yeah but you don't take any commission no okay no I mean you can negotiate anything right for sure um or you could even get equity in a company but yeah I I tend to just uh do a flat monthly rate and it's so funny for you to see to see you talk about like building equity in these companies and you're so young doing this like it's crazy you're like yeah I'm just G to take an equity stake in this company it's crazy to see that progress right like when I was literally 19 18 19 when I was in high school I was still in high school and I was just parodying all the time so that's so wild to hear I mean I was I was born into a family of entrepreneurs so I've just I I like started learning about finance and and business when I was like 10 years old so it's just like it's just engraved I guess tell me um about like personally on this so do you find that a lot of this adds pressure to you like producing so much content does has that any impact on you like you know a lot of people talk about like impact on like mental health and all that kind of stuff with producing so much of this content so it's because it's so public do you ever feel like that's a that's a thing you need to fight with honestly no because I love it I mean awesome I mean I love it and it's interesting cuz when I first started I guess you say like a bit a quick backstory like my goal and my goal right now my goal has always been and is right now to become a billionaire I was an entrepreneur first I was doing a bunch of side hustles I was helping my family with their business um and I was I was just trying to make money however I can I was learning about stock market I did day trading when I was like 15 it's like I always was like trying to be like a billionaire like that was always my goal um and I was trying a bunch of different things until like I watched a YouTube video about like saying how you need to do something that you're passionate about and you will make the most money you do something you're passionate about like well how do you know what you're passionate about and then they they said like think about the things that you always wanted to do as a kid or things that you did as a kid or people always said that you could have been and I'm like oh okay well I'm going to try out YouTube but I'm still going to be doing all this other stuff on the side and just document my Journey on YouTube and I wasn't trying to like make money on YouTube I was like trying to do it as like as a passion project and if it worked then it then it worked um so it's like I'm coming into this with a business mindset and my goal my goal is like to build some sort of huge business that's a billion dollars but the first step to get there I genuinely think is through content because if you build an audience and you have insane reach you could do whatever you want with that reach 100% remarketing 100% And also the skill that you're learning so if you were to create like a software company in a few years like Daniel like uh Noah you know how to Market everyone's bear in mind I don't think you realize this but all like founders' biggest bottleneck is sales and marketing so if you know how to do that already because you've GRE you've grown up with it and you've also succeeded with it into an insane level then you just need to build the right product that's basically it that's just it need build the right product but that's not a problem on Immortal you know like 10 years ago you'd need 100 employees to do that now you need a few AI agents that just run around the internet and just create stuff and you might a few people but I just mean like your biggest bot you don't actually have a bottleneck and genuinely because I come from a software background you actually have no bottleneck because you can find the right partner to build something I was just about to say that because with the right reach now it's like oh well how do I build it I have the reach but how do I build the product well with your reach you can use that reach to find the person to build the product and you partner with them so that's why I love Daniel's approach Daniel Bon's approach because they have cr which is a short form yes app mobile or desktop app and then they have their coaching offer and then they're helping people get into short form not failing like keeping them accountable and then the guys use the platform together so they work side by side and then it just grows same with Noah Noah documents everything he he has the receipts for his own faceless channels and then he has his SAS company that makes you find the faceless channels to go after increasing success so that's all you got to do is just help the people that are in your community succeed and have a more streamlined approach and you can tell already like I actually love the logic with this because it all fits together it's not separate it's all one ecosystem and it all just starts with you knowing your craft right so all those videos of like you bu you writing on the wall and knocking down walls in your house and everything it all contributes to the business that's what I think about exact everything works in alignment we just need to you just need to tread that line together and have them all combined after a while yeah and and you can make money however like however you want and it's actually interesting because like I was thinking that myself I'm like I think there's so many different businesses you can start with reach I think you could do any business with reach like I don't think that you can't I don't think there's there's a business that you can't do think about this right so the most famous mom and pop shops you know like uh maybe like nail salons or laundries or whatnot the ones that have like crushed it have like a Tik Tok presence you know they they do some like crazy like hey this is how I got the wine out of these sheets this is exactly what I use here's the video and then as a result in their local market everyone comes to them so it's very interesting right even those offline businesses when they have an online presence that's just like fun entertaining educational they absolutely crush it as a result and it's such an interesting Dilemma to look at because if you know that whatever you want to do whatever platform you want to go to it'll take you what like four months to learn a new platform if you went completely dry and at that point it's a it's the same elements of psychology consistency volume quality just with a different uh object yeah it's all about uh viewer psychology it's on so cliche but like replace the word algorithm with audience because the algorithm is just an AI imitating the audience huh that's so interesting that's wild to think about so at the end of the day it's just about how do you find your ideal audience on a platform yeah and then you startview yeah it's all about what we talked about in the beginning knowing who you want to speak to and how you can find that viewer what can you say that would get that viewer what kind of jokes would that viewer understand what kind of songs do the that does that viewer listen to and like really understanding it and that's how you get that person we finish what's the next step for you know like what are you what are you planning over the next couple of months where do you want to see all of this pan out yeah so I'm actually helping creators go viral as well uh I'm doing a program on December 1st very soon where for 21 days I will help creators go viral I'm going to provide them with daily video lessons and it's going to have a group Community with live weekly calls and just one big group community trying to go viral Al together um offer only $210 21 days um usually I offer a I I do Consulting calls for $ thousand dollar an hour so this is an absolute steal and I I just want to help as many creators as possible for sure so why do you think um that's more beneficial than people going through it on their own like being part of the community I mean not only are you going to get advice from me but everyone else is also going through the exact same Journey so they know exactly what it feels and they're also learning everything as well so maybe if you didn't pick something up maybe they did and they can give you advice in your channel as well and it's just great to have a support crew next to you it makes it much much more fun yeah we've been doing the exact same thing we've had a ton of people go through our program the biggest thing that they've got from it is being able to work with other people and they get feedback so it's kind of like if people are struggling with short form scripting storytelling other people also struggle from it so there's the accountability they're going to learn as well that's the benefit of doing it and on top of that then they can solve the problem so I think that's the beauty of it so it's like a 21-day boot camp you solve your specific problem and you have other people doing it too so I think like that's the main benefit of doing it as well yeah a thousand perc you you took the words right out of my mouth 100% so I'm going to link that down below so specifically like the first line you're going to be able to like join the program get Early Access with have this out as well you know in with enough time in in November so people can actually sign up but I 100% recommend it because what you've taught me over the past two years just from watching a few YouTube videos here or there when you pop up has been enough to improve my content like a hundred times over so having dedicated access to you is already going to be is going to be insane yeah it's it's going to be amazing this is this is so much fun thank you so much for having me

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [22 likes]: thanks for having me! i had a lot of fun sharing everything i know about going viral with short-form content 🚀
  2. @Natbellp1 [3 likes]: This girl seems genuinely happy, shes able to convey that, no surprise shes successful.
  3. @benjaminfairbourne [3 likes]: its about being hard to copy. don't ever expect to go viral by just saying something funny or clever. You need layers to your content and then it has a higher chance at virality.
  4. @SunameeDigital [1 likes]: The interviewer is a little too smart for her. He speaks like a scientist and is looking for a formula. She couldn't understand most of the questions or let's she didn't have a formula per say because she does whatever comes through her mind.  She doesn't know how to explain it, but it works. She needs to use his questions and create a footprint of her work. It will help her to teach better others.
  5. @mercu107 [1 likes]: she's genius
  6. @Tal_Tastic [1 likes]: thanks!!
  7. @SeratSemesta [1 likes]: I don't question about money, I 'm used to living is misery, I just carry out my life mission in the world as God has given me. Ok.I 'm happy if YouTube makes a good music  channel for me.
  8. @SeratSemesta [1 likes]: I also like content that has never been published for example hidden historical content that has not been revealed about the secrets hidden in the ark of the covenant, this is one of the contents that I Will discuss one day.
  9. @SeratSemesta [1 likes]: I am happy to be able to be present in the midst of the world community .I  like content that provides a positif side to society . However , I really dislike content that seeks popularity by selling sensations. I really want our presence on social media not to create or add to problem solving in the world but to be symbol of civilization that probides added value ( has distinctive  charteristics) that make the world more colorful and better.
  10. @darshit_poriya [1 likes]: Great specific insight about the virality mindset 💯
  11. @Antidemonn: This video only got 5k views 
😂 she's not using a secret formula i guess
  12. @NightCityTunes: She should make MasterClass for this
  13. @neetiiiiiiiiii: She is fantastic 😊
  14. @SeratSemesta: I am also interested in reliewing the mistery side an event such as the message of the power of the blood of the lord Jesus from the crown of thorns the "fire Energy " that is caused ( effect) in the universe . I have already raised this on sicial media and received a positive response from pastor Benny Hin and from the meditation observer .
  15. @SeratSemesta: Well a problem ( ore discovery ) that we present toe the public . To day has an actual basis , where do we get it from and of course we can arrango the presentation of the news neatly from good and responside world M diseaso.
  16. @DailyStrategyandMotivation: Wow!!! I love when you say the way you design the video is projecting what the comments will be. Genius Jenny in every angle❤❤❤. Amazing
  17. @MensMastery20: 🚀

- Secret of Jenny Hoyos | #shorts #shorts #shortvideo: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is why Jenny H went from 0 to 1.6 million subscribers in just a few months in August 2021 at the age of 16 Jenny started her YouTube journey and even completed some pretty inent shs but somehow was not getting traction she needed on YouTube so what is the secret of her success it's just adding story and a Twist when she started employing storying methods like this hard grow skyrocketed every video starts with a hint or foreshadowing the story she always uses but and therefore storytelling method in the middle and at the end of the story she adds a twist

  Top Comments:
  1. @WYUSLSQL628: I love your videos your videos are really entertaining and funny and "your so fussy,' got me and you and your daughter @Jennyhoyos are a really funny and well known duo keep up the good work

- JennyHoyos EXPOSES the Shocking Truth About YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en With its huge credibility, YouTube came up with&nbsp; another stop to dispense money, and we all know&nbsp;&nbsp; it is YouTube Shorts. People are literally making&nbsp; millions of dollars from each sponsored short,&nbsp;&nbsp; and here you are struggling to make a 30-minute&nbsp; hit like "Mr." Beast,” which can get you bankrupt. Here’s all you need to make it to that stop,&nbsp; just like this 18-year-old girl who made even&nbsp;&nbsp; the highest-paid fellow think twice. You&nbsp; may know the name, because if you don't,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you should. Jenn Hoyos is now the&nbsp; fastest-growing creator for YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and let's discuss the most important thing, “HOW?” This will be a step-by-step guide to getting the&nbsp; most out of YouTube shorts with the strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; Hoyos uses in her videos. Looking into&nbsp; the approach she uses in her videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’ll be a 5 step door to millions of views. Number one, IDEATION. Secondly&nbsp; HOOKS, STORYTELLING, ANALYTICS,&nbsp;&nbsp; and finally, MONETIZATION. This guide will be the&nbsp;&nbsp; most effective way to help your journey&nbsp; on YouTube, so stick with us to the end. We are starting with the&nbsp; first thing first, ideation. Her overarching strategy and mindset make her&nbsp; shop unique. Jenny emphasizes the importance of&nbsp;&nbsp; a consistent schedule and approaches her&nbsp; YouTube channel with a business mindset,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that content is meticulously&nbsp; planned, scheduled, and posted every&nbsp;&nbsp; Saturday at 10:00 AM EST. She also focuses on&nbsp; balancing producing high-quality videos with&nbsp;&nbsp; consistently uploading content. More clearly, you&nbsp; need to maintain the consistency of the content,&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter what. Treating your channel like&nbsp; a business will make it the real deal. Jenny underscores the significance of identifying&nbsp; a unique advantage or skill that sets you apart&nbsp;&nbsp; from others in your field. She initially&nbsp; followed in the footsteps of established&nbsp;&nbsp; creators but soon realized the value of carving&nbsp; out her own niche. By focusing on the finance&nbsp;&nbsp; industry specifically targeted at kids, she&nbsp; successfully identified and filled a gap&nbsp;&nbsp; in the market, distinguishing her content&nbsp; and providing a unique value proposition. Moving on to the next one, we have HOOKS. Hooks are as important as salt in your food.&nbsp; If the hook is not strong, there’s only a 1%&nbsp;&nbsp; chance of the person next to the screen viewing&nbsp; your Short, even the 1% is doubtful. Like in the&nbsp;&nbsp; very beginning of this session, I went for Mr.&nbsp; Beast as an example, and now you understand why. To attract an audience who wouldn't normally&nbsp; think about saving money, it's crucial to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a compelling hook that stops them from scrolling&nbsp; immediately. A good hook should be concise,&nbsp;&nbsp; no more than three seconds, and visually&nbsp; appealing. It needs to be so clear that&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers can understand the video even when&nbsp; watching on mute. Ensure the composition is&nbsp;&nbsp; strong by centering the content and limiting&nbsp; the frame to no more than three objects. Foreshadowing is an underrated element&nbsp; in hooks. A good hook not only grabs&nbsp;&nbsp; attention but also keeps viewers engaged&nbsp; until the end of the video. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; starting with "Here are three reasons&nbsp; why X" sets the expectation that the&nbsp;&nbsp; video will conclude after the third&nbsp; reason, maintaining viewer interest. Getting to the next section, we have STORYTELLING Even if storytelling doesn't come&nbsp; naturally to you, it's a skill that&nbsp;&nbsp; can be developed. Here are some effective&nbsp; storytelling techniques to consider: A powerful technique is dual narrative&nbsp; storytelling. With Shorts, being concise is&nbsp;&nbsp; essential, as you have limited time to convey your&nbsp; message. One way to manage this is by telling two&nbsp;&nbsp; stories simultaneously: one through your voiceover&nbsp; and another through visuals. For example, if&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making a Valentine's gift for your grandma&nbsp; because it’s her first year without your grandpa,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of explaining this directly, narrate the&nbsp; gift-making process while showing pictures of her&nbsp;&nbsp; with your grandpa. This adds emotional&nbsp; depth without overwhelming the viewer. When structuring your content, aim for&nbsp; a quick hook, a moderately paced middle,&nbsp;&nbsp; a peak (such as a humorous moment),&nbsp; followed by a return to a moderate pace,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then a swift conclusion. This pattern&nbsp; creates a dynamic emotional experience for&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewer. According to the "peak-end"&nbsp; theory, people remember the highlights&nbsp;&nbsp; and the endings of a video. Ensure&nbsp; your content reflects this principle. Due to the 60-second limit in Shorts,&nbsp; creators might rush through their ideas,&nbsp;&nbsp; potentially confusing the audience.&nbsp; Speak concisely, using the fewest&nbsp;&nbsp; words possible to convey your message.&nbsp; After presenting significant information,&nbsp;&nbsp; allow a moment for the viewer to absorb&nbsp; the context. That almost sums it all up. If there is plenty of time you have to&nbsp; put in then the next phase is something&nbsp;&nbsp; that takes you a step ahead of&nbsp; every legit creator out there&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s analyzing your own content.&nbsp; Let’s move on to the fourth section. ANALYTICS To gain insights into your audience's mindset&nbsp; and preferences, start by sharing your videos&nbsp;&nbsp; with someone who represents your target&nbsp; audience, like a younger family member&nbsp;&nbsp; or friend. This direct feedback will help&nbsp; you understand how your content resonates&nbsp;&nbsp; with viewers. Additionally, utilize your&nbsp; analytics by examining the retention graph&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than focusing solely on percentages.&nbsp; This will help you identify where viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; lose interest and allow you to make necessary&nbsp; adjustments. Study your top-performing videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; particularly those that continue to perform&nbsp; well over time, to understand what elements&nbsp;&nbsp; resonate with your audience and apply&nbsp; these successful aspects to new content. Develop repeatable formats, known as "buckets,"&nbsp; to build viewer loyalty. Keep these formats&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent in terms of structure, format,&nbsp; and titles to create a recognizable brand.&nbsp;&nbsp; Engage with your audience by responding&nbsp; to comments and encouraging interaction,&nbsp;&nbsp; fostering a sense of community&nbsp; and increasing the likelihood of&nbsp;&nbsp; returning viewers. Maximize your metadata,&nbsp; including titles, descriptions, and tags,&nbsp;&nbsp; to improve discoverability and&nbsp; attract the right audience. Finally, experiment with new ideas and formats,&nbsp; using your analytics to track performance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Adapt your strategy based on the results to&nbsp; maintain relevance and engagement over time.&nbsp;&nbsp; By continuously refining your approach and&nbsp; understanding your audience's preferences,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create content that not only attracts&nbsp; viewers but also keeps them coming back for more. Finally coming to the last but not the&nbsp; least, the real deal. MONETIZATION! Creating YouTube Shorts can be&nbsp; highly engaging and beneficial,&nbsp;&nbsp; but there's one critical consideration:&nbsp; return on investment (ROI). Many creators&nbsp;&nbsp; find that AdSense revenue from&nbsp; Shorts is relatively low. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; savvy monetization strategies can turn&nbsp; Shorts into a significant income source. Shorts can indeed be profitable. While ad&nbsp; revenue may be lower than long-form content,&nbsp;&nbsp; successful Shorts creators can achieve&nbsp; comparable earnings through additional&nbsp;&nbsp; revenue streams like selling&nbsp; products, offering courses,&nbsp;&nbsp; and securing sponsorships. For instance, some&nbsp; creators earn up to $1,000,000 per sponsored&nbsp;&nbsp; Short. The key is leveraging multiple income&nbsp; sources and having strong business acumen. Expanding your reach with long-form videos&nbsp; is challenging but achievable. View Shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; and long-form content as distinct formats&nbsp; with unique challenges. A practical strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for converting Shorts viewers to long-form&nbsp; content is creating videos with a similar&nbsp;&nbsp; feel. For example, bit-based videos that&nbsp; compile several Shorts into an extended&nbsp;&nbsp; format can be highly effective. This approach&nbsp; leverages the familiarity and interest that&nbsp;&nbsp; Shorts viewers already have, increasing the&nbsp; likelihood they will watch longer content. To grow your YouTube channel and monetize&nbsp; effectively, understanding how to transition&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers from Shorts to long-form videos&nbsp; is crucial. Using features like linking&nbsp;&nbsp; related long-form videos from Shorts can help&nbsp; maintain high retention rates. Ultimately,&nbsp;&nbsp; monetization on YouTube requires&nbsp; a strategic approach to content&nbsp;&nbsp; creation and leveraging multiple revenue&nbsp; streams to achieve sustainable success. Well, this would be it from my side or&nbsp; say Jenny Hoyos's side of help. Hope&nbsp;&nbsp; the instructions were clear and&nbsp; they help you understand what you&nbsp;&nbsp; clicked for. Thanks for watching,&nbsp; and we’ll see you at the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarrenAllatt [2 likes]: Mate. You are ripping off another faceless channel. Shame on you.
  2. @Fueltheefire [1 likes]: Bro you too from Pakistan 😭. Main bhi struggle kr raha hoon to earn money online 🫶🏻
  3. @Andrew-u7v6b: Is possible to use this strategy with faceless?(No face video) Like you but in short?

- Discover How 18-Year-Old YouTuber Mastered Shorts! 🌟: Kind: captions Language: en meet the master of YouTube shorts who's crushing the game with 600 million views ever wondered why some YouTube shorts blow up it's all about the storytelling twist why do Jenny's videos get millions of eyes relatable personal content that hooks you in a perfect short should grab you even on mute visual hooks are the secret sauce generate ideas like a pro sketch them out iterate and watch your content soore from kids to adults everyone's hook readability and clear visuals check and check want to dominate YouTube shorts Trend riter AI turns your content into a viral sensation ready to ride the trend like Jenny with Trend Rider AI the viral World is Yours to conquer

- Jenny Hoyos Breaks Down Her 8,000,000 Subscribers Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en 13 million views and I believe it got me at a million subscribers like think about that that's crazy I was like one of the most subbed channels on YouTube that week or like if you thought shorts is good for converting like Subs like I gained like 100k in 1 hour on a live stream but at my Peak I believe like 11,000 is my most or maybe 12,000 is our most concurrent holy 30 million views on TV literally did not know this what's your RPM for me being in general entertainment with a young audience yeah most viewed short 173 million views how did you think of that video 0 to 8 million Subs in 3 years is insane and we're going to find out how exactly you did it first when you see this what do you think very exponential um yeah that's it's crazy this is like nothing for like nearly a year exactly if we look at it basically zero to 1,000 view uh 1,000 subscribers it took you about 9 months so if we look at the videos let's say the first one why did you first start with that short yeah so at the time I was studying Finance in college I recently graduated but um I was very I was very passionate and excited about uh personal finance uh crypto stocks so I decided oh let me make a YouTube channel talking about this stuff and that's why my first video was how to mine Bitcoin on any computer since I was doing it at the time okay you were mining Bitcoin at the time how how old were you when you started YouTube I think I was uh 15 15 16 when you started started what did people think of you around you when you started YouTube I kept it a secret from everyone the only people that knew were my mom and my dad but they didn't think much about it they they just thought it was like a hobby they didn't really care much about it and at the time did you already want to be full-time YouTuber or what was your plan what's interesting is I wasn't actually trying to become a full-time YouTuber it's funny because for a whole year straight I would tell myself I'm not going to do YouTube full time even if it were to come to the case where the Channel blew up I'm not going to do this fulltime like I was just doing it purely as a hobby for fun and I naturally liked optimizing the videos and trying to get views but the intention wasn't even to make money just it's just crazy I just wanted to document my my personal journey and growth uh especially uh in in the financial aspect so in uh 2022 your first 1K sub how many views were you getting per shorts at the time like 100 to a th000 views and uh you were posting how frequently as much as I could so I was posting nearly every day okay nearly every day nearly every day and what kept you motivated at that time yeah it was honestly very difficult there was a period a few uh maybe like two months where I just quit and decided I wasn't going to do it yeah um but then I heard about Creator now which is like a community with other creators that's where we met yes that's where we met and uh that kept me motivated so I joined and it reminded me why I was doing this in the first place I wasn't like I started to do this for fun and then I started getting discouraged cuz it was getting no views and then when I joined the community I remembered how fun it actually was so that kept me motivated and so do you remember what was your first video to blow up at the beginning my first video it was actually not a short oh okay my first video it's not I unlisted actually the first video that ever blew up for me was a video where I took Andrew Tate's course oh damn okay so like when he was blowing up I guess yes exactly so social hacking uh I did a video where I took Andrew Tate's course I was one of the first people to do it and I was also I think the first girl to take the course too which made it um which made it help uh helped to get a lot of views but it wasn't it didn't get a lot it was a long form but it didn't get a lot of views because of the long form itself it got a lot of views because I made a short which is unlisted as well short promoting the long form ooh and that worked the the shorts uh bringing to long form oh my goodness it did so originally the long form it was still a one of 10 an outlier for me it probably uh my my long firms at the time were getting like 100 views like no more than 100 that one got uh probably like 10K on its own but then I made a short which ended up getting 10 million views and that made the long firm get over 600,000 views in like a month so that that was your first blow up and then after we see here you got 4.8 million views first how did you think about that idea this was still During the period where I just wanted to do a bunch of like like make videos for fun so I wanted to try a bunch of different things and different methods to make money like just for my own like for my own personal gain I guess so I wanted to do like I did Drop Shipping because I wanted to make money Drop Shipping and I was like oh I might as well like double dip and make a video about it so that that was like my whole Channel how honestly it was for like two two years it was just me uh me doing things I genuinely wanted to do wanting genuinely wanted to do and make videos on it awesome and uh you would say at the time ctas 2 long form worked would you say nowadays it still works oh definitely it definitely still works all right 20122 you got 1K now from 1K to 10K Subs what's going on how are you optimizing your content yeah so uh around that time I was actually when I first started I was primarily focused on a long form like around that Andrew Tate Drop Shipping uh era um but I I noticed that my long form videos would naturally be like minutes long which is like not not very long um and then that's when it hit me and I realized during the 1,000 to 10,000 period wait my quote unquote long forms are three minutes I might as well if I'm naturally like look at this like my first video is 3 minutes the next one was 2 minutes 20 like look at like why are all my long forms like less than three minutes and it made me realize that I'm naturally like geared towards shorter content so let me just Double Down on YouTube shorts and when I decided that that like the second I decided that I I like committed to daily videos and when I committed to daily videos I had a uh my first like real like short that uh outside of the Andrew Tate one because I unlisted it so it like almost didn't exist anymore so then I had my first my second first uh short to blow up during that daily period and it was um a a video where I social hacked off of Ryan Tran $1 coffee from McDonald's 177 million views yeah and that's that's how I got to that 10K Mark okay so July 202 didn't do anything the first 30 days but then the blowout goes to 7 million in 100 days okay that's crazy does this happen often not often but very every once in a while it does happen Okay uh so if we look at the retention rate so 110% on 17 seconds how do you think about that by the way retention it's it can be tricky because it doesn't it doesn't say the full picture and there's a lot of different factors that come into play like but generally if a video is less than 30 seconds I try to get it at least over 100% okay um but no matter what it cannot be lower than 95% like on a on a on a short video um the goal is to get it as close to 100% as possible and get viewers to to rewatch you would say to anyone watching if you want to blow up on shorts if it's shorter than 30 seconds it has to be minimum 95 basically 100% it literally need minimum 100% if it's under 30 seconds and it's not over 100% like like it's not going to blow up it's probably not going to blow up at 45 seconds it's like 95 plus even so at 45 I try to go for 100 I mean I have videos that you know it slowly dilutes as it gets more views but I have videos like within the first million views even if it's 60 seconds it's at 100% really wow like the goal is with with YouTube shorts I mean with any video you want you want a 100% of it to be watched so that's the goal but it all it all comes back to the hook because if you don't hook that many people your retention is just not going to like what retention do you even have if no one even watches the video let's look at this hook then does Ryan Tran actually get 99 cent coffee from McDonald's I mean the menu says it's $3 when you say hook what do you consider a hook is it the first frame is it the first second what do you think oh that's that's a good question I never I never uh thought about it in the and the uh I I kind of put it all together to be honest I mean like the first frame is is super important like it's actually crazy how how like how important it is and you can't stress it enough it's like you know how everyone always says like title and thumbnail like is is the most important thing because if no one clicks the video no one watches it like that's the same thing with hooks with people don't realize that like your first frame is your thumbnail and whatever you say is like your title basically uh so so yeah I I would say like within the first three seconds but ideally the first frame is is good and then my first frame here isn't as isn't as good but what I'm saying is yeah I mean I thought it was smart like you you start with Ryan Tran so you hook everyone who knows him basically and then you say does Ryan Tran actually get 99 cent coffee from McDonald's I mean how did you craft that yeah so one of the best hooks are typically questions because um curiosity Gap oh that means I need to watch this video but then it also tells you what to expect by the end of the video so does Ryan Tran actually get 99 cent coffee from McDonald's oh wait does he like I need to watch this video to find out and the next thing I say was is a a statement to further emphasize why this is like a question that we need to know the answer to um which is the menu says it's $3 wait a second so how does he get this coffee for a dollar so so it's like curiosity Gap but it's like why it's actually even more interesting than you thought like to begin with is that how you think in general for all hooks is there do you have like criterias you need to have in your hook oh yes oh tell us more yes okay so the first thing is it it needs to be visual like the visual matters so much more than than what you're saying in the hook uh so the first thing that I do is I start with visual action visual action tell us more about that yeah let's see maybe if we pull up my new new newer videos cuz I think they I do a better job on those so let me see uh 22 million views strawberry yogurt Patty how do you mean this going to get strawberry this this probably isn't even the best example but it's just like an example cuz it doesn't always need to be crazy my most viewed video is me breaking a hole in the wall but we can't always break a hole in the wall but here it's just uh something satisfying or showing that we're already in the video like the goal with a hook and this is like part of like the next thing I do is is you want the video to have already started so it's like you don't want a video oh my goodness like people are people are starting to catch on to these like hookie hooks where it's like watch this video if you want to learn how to drive and then the video starts like no just start the video with you're already driving like okay so to learn how to drive you're going to turn on the whatever I don't know how to drive so I don't I don't know what the first thing that you would do is but yeah another good example it's this was a cold open my cold opens are my favorite where is it where is it oh who ate my strawberries this is another one this has uh 24 million views strawberries but every time I buy them they disappeared the next day so the the the hook started with just like me eating a bunch of stuff um just because it's like it's visually shocking action is already happening let's go to another example there's a same with the the cook a steak with the toaster it didn't get that many views cuz the video is boring but like you notice how the video already started uh another great example I have a better example can you cook faster than fast food this is my best can you cook faster than fast food can I have a burger yeah can you put cheese lettuce and tomatoes like you want to already start with we're in the story like I I'm not going to start the video like like how most people do it's like I'm going to start yeah I'm going to start in front of of the building and say can you cook faster than fast food okay now let me get inside of the car and then do like no just start already I'm already at the window the guy's listening to me it's funny cuz like we cut it out but the guy's like wait what' you say are you filming a video like what's going on like that's how you want it to to be do you mostly do questions as your hook I I mostly do questions but you don't always have to do questions I guess they they could be statements that that suggest there's a a question or something that we have to figure out but the goal with the hook I feel like we focused a lot on the visuals and like the action that's like number one and two but also it needs to it needs the viewer needs to not only be hooked we also have a reason to watch Until the End okay so that's how you get those uh 100% uh retention rate so if we go back to where we are let's say the how to get $3 burrito at chipot right yeah I I think that helped me get to go from 10 to 100 H from what I remember I believe yeah this is uh August 2022 this here basically so this is the beginning from 2K to oh my God yeah it was definitely the burrito video that chipotle has $3 burritos apparently you can order a taco for $3 and get the same amount of food as a burrito but is it legit I had to try it out for myself so I ordered one taco with so why do you think this one crushed oh my goodness so so many reasons for one it was an already outlier idea so I saw from your Channel or others yeah I saw others uh making the video I don't even remember I don't remember who I saw do it first but I just recall um them not having that many views or subscribers but when they did a the burrito video it got a lot of views not like this many but I knew it was an outlier for them so I don't fully remember because I don't remember who I got it from but like what I mean by outliers they probably were averaging like 100 views per short and then they got like 10K on a short so it's like wait oh my goodness there's something here so one it was an outlier idea uh two it was a a question it's like we got to figure this out for ourselves but also there's so many elements to this this actually not only went viral this is one of my only videos that went viral on every single platform like it has over 10 million views on every single platform and it's because um it's it's super sharable and it's sharable because it's a hack that people can try themselves but also this is another hack as well like another tip is the fact that videos that have like uh steps or things that you need to do tend to be rewatched because people need to refer back to it rewatch it to see how to do the hack okay so people want to do it they go do it but then they got to rewatch it a few time to know exactly exctly to remember how to do it or even exactly so they probably see the video and then let's say they want to get Chipotle next week they're going back to my channel so you like wait a second they're going back to watch this video and they watch it all the way through it's like such an easy hack okay that's smart and uh and from there okay so you a lot you you blew up 10 30k Subs then you see that work then what goes through your mind because now you're in the period between 10,000 Subs to 100K Subs what's going on are you still one person team yeah still still one person I've been one person that thus far um what's interesting is around this time I actually went to vidsummit so it was like the first ever time like I met like actual creators and like other people who are doing this like I I was part of a community with like other small creators but like the first time I'm meeting these big creators like for context I post this video like a week later I go there and one of the first YouTubers I meet was legitimately like Mr Beast so like to me I'm like wait what like what is going on um actually how was that so how did you meet Mr be oh he was just walking in the hall what did you guys talk about oh no I just I I didn't want to seem like a fan oh okay so I just like oh what's up fist bump and walked away you know just that's how it starts you got to Beal then the next time you meet him you exactly we you just have to be n lot but but it was interesting cuz I I met like Ryan Tran arach and a couple other like creators and that was when I realized wait this could actually be a full-time thing and this is when it shifted this is when my mentality went from I'm going to do things that like I'm trying in my real personal life um and making a video about it to let me try to go viral let me try let me try this to go fulltime that's what was going through my my head after this and uh between so in that era how much were you making oh nothing okay like like nothing still nothing okay but I will say at the time and this is something I will suggest well the channel is making nothing however I was um I had uh side hustles using the skill sets that I have built so at the time I was making like maybe like2 to $5,000 a month like you know which is pretty good for that that age um just like uh making videos for small businesses to help them grow and I was also editing at this time like still probably during this time I was editing for a couple of other creators but the main thing I was doing was definitely like making uh ads for small businesses you were editing ads for small businesses and that was bringing in 2 to 5K which allowed you to do this while while I guess going to school yes yeah all while going to school yes full-time student making these videos and I was also uh filming some videos for the business like well not even just filming doing the whole like writing the scripts filming um and editing but for the most part mainly editing that's I mean that consumes most of the time that was your era 10K to 100K Subs right yes now we look at the 100K to a million let's see what's going on there so March 2023 you upload this gets 40 million views garage sales are known for selling trash but I'm going to prove that wrong by making money so I went to my nearest garage sale and went through a bunch of clothes where I found talk to us how did you think about that idea yeah so this was still in the era despite like um wanting to go fulltime on YouTube it was I was still in the era where I wanted to make videos on things I genuinely wanted to do because I knew that would naturally find people um because that's the type of content that people want to watch things that that like it makes sense people want to watch things that they want to do but would never do themselves because it's like too much work such as uh this video which honestly was a lot of work um so so yeah that that's how I I came up with it I I just always wanted to do garage sailing and I know no one would do it I also uh loved G V's garage sale videos true so I took inspiration from that side hustle I mean yeah big outlier for him in general yeah you say it was a lot of work what was a lot of work I mean going to the garage sales was about like like three hours of my day but what was a lot of work was actually trying to sell the items which I realized like you can't even tell that I actually sold the items but like listing it on eBay or like trying to figure it out and then we have to pack it and ship it to the people that that was what because it's a side hustle in itself so I'm doing a side hustle and doing YouTube fulltime while doing the other side hustle of making video because I was still editing at the time okay like while making a video about 700,000 subs and you're still editing everything yourself yep still doing everything uh myself how's your research at that time now that it's been 2 years and growing fast how are you doing your research for ideas yeah so back then like probably like 1 million and even before that was even like the research was even more intense than it is now okay because it's much harder to get views when you don't have uh and a big enough audience of course so it was just me like going through YouTube all day looking for avars because at the time there there weren't really tools for it like um so yeah I would just like just be scrolling and what I would do is I would just like look at the like I would be on shorts and I would just look at the like button i' only I keep scrolling until I find the videos that have over 1 million likes on it because that suggests it has um for the most part at least 10 million views so I would just keep scrolling and then I would um save those to a playlist and then at the end then I would brainstorm ideas around those yeah very manual it was rough now you guys got one of 10 quick break from the Pod to tell you about one of 10.com a powerful tool to help you grow faster on YouTube check this out using one of 10 this Creator took inspiration from this viral idea and combined it with this thumbnail concept and the result her most viewed video with more than 2 million views by focusing on the right idea title and thumbnail you're setting your videos up to go viral one of 10 includes a suite of tools specifically designed to highlight overperforming videos and Spark inspiration to find your next viral idea in just minutes and the best part with Code PO 50 you'll get 50% off for life that means just one video with 25,000 views can cover an entire Year's cost so if you want to grow your channel faster head over to one of 10.com now back to the Pod so and um okay so how long would you take time to research an idea yeah so I mean coming up with the idea felt like forever because at the time like around this specific era like this garage sale era I was only making like one to two shorts a week and half of the week would be me looking for like all these viral ideas which is like so tough for or trying to like pre-produce it cuz sometimes you have what you think is a viral idea then you can't even come up with a good hook or you can't come up with a good story so then it's like okay well maybe it's not a good idea so I guess it all kind of happen at the same like all those processes would happen at the same time um so as far as scripting I would prescript or outline the videos but sometimes you wouldn't always know what's going to happen like in the garage sale video but I would know like kind of how I want it to progress and maybe introduce a character here um so that's that's how I I thought about it but there's some videos where I fully uh where which it is possible to fully script it if it's like a skit cuz the thing is in long form title thumbnail idea is basically 80 85% success of a video right but in shorts what would you say is the top criteria uh in order of importance uh to blow up a short most definitely the hook it has to be the hook the hook okay there's probably what you say after the hook no the hook is the hook is everything because like believe it or not the hook is what gets people to watch until the end like the hook gets people to watch Until the End more than what the content is because if you have a hook that is like a crazy question that people need to know the answer to like let's just say you have a video where you say I saw a real alien I'm I took a picture I'm going to actually show like I'm being for real I'm going to show you the real picture of the alien at the end of the video I could be sitting in this chair doing nothing for like a whole 60 seconds you're going to sit until to see watch until to see the alien which is why the the the hook matters more than than anything um but the next thing I would say is honestly how you end the video because the way you end the video the video on YouTube shorts or short form content in general unlike a long form where the video ends and like that's that's the end it's not the end it Loops yeah so whatever you do at the end you have to be intentional knowing that it's going to Loop and you want it to flow with What The Hook is going to be do you still do that the loop um yeah so say I do a loop sometimes but it doesn't always need to be a hook it's also just like being intentional about what you can say that will introduce a new question that people need to watch the video again to see the answer so if you say one question in the hook and then at the end you say um but we actually in this experiment we actually also unintentionally answered this then people were like wait a second let me rewatch it to see that thing so that's like another way to think about it um there's there's lots of different things that you could do to the end that that are super important for reability like twists um or just like funny jokes uh you recently did a TED talk right around storytelling yeah how do you think about storytelling um so viewers can can learn from them there's a lot of things but the simplest thing is change and progression progression is you know what yeah it I forgot to mention that when you asked one of the important things but one of the most important things for storytelling I think is progression okay so I mean what is a story if if a character is is stagnant you know it's like it's not an engaging story you want it you want to constantly be getting new pieces of information and storytelling is just cause and effect this happens so the character has to do this but then this happens so the character has to do that um and that's what gets people keeps people engaged but also to that progression it can't just be an infinite amount of progression you need to have an idea of where this progression is going which is why um in the Ted Talk I mentioned like having a mechanism which uh I like to incorporate in a lot of my new videos now which is like the viewer knowing how close we are to getting to the end so in the Ted Talk example I was making a burger and I started the video saying oh we're going to put cheese lettuce and tomatoes and then now the viewer knows oh the the burger is going to be done after we add all those three things yeah so it's like uh progression but also knowing where this progression is is leading and how close we are to the video being over and that you always think about for basically any shorts you're you're doing progression has to be present oh there there needs to be progression otherwise it's boring yeah now we're coming to stole and return Christmas I'm surprising my family with their favorite lost things but they don't know I've been stealing their stuff for the past year so it wasn't exactly lost this is my mom's favorite cookbook you'll see it back in so I'm curious here here a loop was impossible right yeah but we did a cold open yet it still did 83 million views why do you think it crushed well for one going back to the outlier I idea is everything because hook and idea is same thing so um it was an outlier but what excited me about this idea is no one did it on YouTube it was actually on Extreme cheap skates the show what what is that there's a show called Extreme cheap skates okay oh this is interesting okay so um I was thinking during one period I was taking a lot of my ideas from YouTube but as I was growing um it was it was interesting because during this time I was averaging like 10 million views or getting at least 10 million views and like now it's like okay wait now it's kind of getting hard to find outliers that are like more than 10 million more than what I'm I'm trying to to get okay how so so then I thought to myself let me let me look at traditional media and see what's working there because that's proven and let me bring it onto YouTube since it's uh proven but it's still fresh and new um and one of the shows that I took inspiration from like my channel during this time was extreme cheap skates a lot of the things I did in my my channel was like based off of that show MH uh so one of the episodes someone did exactly this and I basically recreated what they did but the show was made like several years ago that episode was probably in like maybe 2010 okay so I I literally recreated what she did like no no joke that episode was was super popular for some reason or it was it was super popular yeah why I mean it's it's funny it's it's a funny concept but I think people really uh resonated this because because of the story but also you also need to know who your audience and your avatar is that's like super important that's that's like as you grow your audience in the beginning like the most important thing is like finding out lier ideas but then as you grow and you have an audience the most important thing is finding outlier ideas that resonate with your audience yeah and because you can have like like for example um well actually I can't think of something it it depends like what's something cool like let's say I uh built a a water-powered car that's like oh that's so cool that's impressive that would flop on my channel like it would flop bad uh just cuz like the first let's say like the first 100,000 views that are going to see it are going to be my audience of like middle school kids right so then it's like so then they're going to give it horrible retention horrible engagement and the video is going to flop but it's not because it's a bad video or a bad idea it's because it just didn't work with my audience but this works perfectly with them because my audience doesn't have money uh to to like get their their family a gift so this is something that they actually would want to do and have actually done based on the comments at least oh I'm actually surprised it's 34% uh TV it is that is actually crazy I think it's because it it has a a story to it you have a big percentage that's watch your shorts on TV now I literally did not know this it's actually crazy but I I think I think a lot of people are starting to watch shorts on TV though weirdly enough my grandma loves watching shorts on TV so she she's scrolling through shorts on her TV and then and then Instagram reals on her phone TV is 21% of your last 28 days that's crazy wow that is crazy I know they've been pushing TV but I didn't know that much for shorts yeah that's a lot of views for shorts 30 million views on TV like on shorts on TV and that you've never seen you you didn't never I literally did not know this that may be something for you cuz maybe the m is better as well and and everything yeah that that that is interesting but there's they have a shorts feed on TV now so you can like swipe on TV yeah I did not know that damn really yeah it is interesting uh so we're now in that era of um between 1 million and 2 million you said something interesting about broader audience cuz at the beginning it was mostly side hustle stuff right yes uh then who what was your audience after that yeah so when I started my my channel know I was doing the finance side hustle stuff which is like naturally like High School uh students but um I wanted to go a bit broader so I was trying to capture younger since I know there's more younger people on YouTube and then I didn't want to deviate too much from what I was already doing so I decided to Pivot into saving money or like doing things from the lens of a cheap skate so I could do whatever it was as long as it was from the lens of a cheap skate uh and that's still like that's basically just doing anything and doing it like in a a cheap way and that's and that's how um yeah that's how the videos we we're getting such a broad audience what's your percentage lower than let's say 10 years old and between 10 and 20 and 20 plus what do you think is your audience well YouTube studio is obviously going to be uh you know it's because they use they lie about their age use parents uh devices but what do you think from what it feels like it feels like 80% is is like 12 to or 8 to 12 just from like meeting the fans it's usually like it's probably 80% 8 to 12 I always wonder when when you have that range of audience how do you monetize because um normally the the RPM is lower and also lower purchasing power so yes so how do you do it at that time yeah at the time I was mainly relying on uh like YouTube ad Revenue so around that time I I started letting go of the other opportunities that I was I was doing were you now full time so if we look at here so at uh one uh almost two million are you full-time YouTuber now yeah like I I would say uh at 1 million I I mean I could have been full-time a lot I think I I technically could have been full-time like maybe at around 300K 500k but I didn't want to let go of the other opportunities just to be safe so but when I hit 1 million that's when I was like okay I'm going to let go of everything and just do this so yes that was like when I was like officially fulltime but I was still also a fulltime student fulltime YouTuber fulltime student um but yeah as far as monetization I was relying on YouTube ad Revenue which um it's been going up at the time it was 5 Cent uh it was a 5cent RPM but now it's it's I believe it's 20 cents now for me a 20 cent RPM it's four times since oh W and then now on top of that you have the music deals so I'm an ambassador with epidemic sounds so I get an extra bonus for using their music and I used music in all my videos now how are you monetizing so before 100% of it was ad Revenue now only like 25% is AD Revenue oo okay what's the other 75 now yeah so another 25 is Consulting so basically I I help other creators it's really exciting because it's very similar to what I used to do with small businesses except instead of being the one that goes there to like physically film and physically edit I'm just like Consulting with creators or also a lot of businesses to help them so usually they'll like tell me like oh we're going to run ads like can you review these scripts or tell me about my marketing strategy and then uh I I help them so that is like really good for monetizing uh on the Consulting side is it more uh Enterprise or creators that uh that pay you for Consulting yeah so I do like private oneon-one one hour calls and those are mainly Enterprise like mainly businesses but also offer like uh courses or workshops here and there like on in in April 7th I'm going to do like a 7-Day Workshop where I work directly with a bunch of creators um and and that is pretty much creators what what are you going to do in that program yes so it's going to be seven days where I walk uh Creator step by step through every process to creating a viral video from we're together going to come up with viral ideas script a viral video and optimize it come up with our hooks for it and then edit it and then we'll even do a group call all together where I'll review the videos answer questions so I like to do those workshops here and there tailored for creators and it's a lot cheaper because my consultant calls I charge $1,000 for an hour okay but for this workshop for example the seven days and the one hour group call with me is only $100 oh damn all right so well guys if you want to blow up on shorts Link Link here L somewhere yeah okay yeah that's interesting okay so Consulting AdSense 50% is sponsors 50% okay let's talk about that how is that dealt on your end is it you is it a agency what's going on it's just me what oh really damn yeah okay uh it's so funny um because I have the email team Jenny hoy.com yeah and people think like oh like the team is gonna respond no it's funny I have two I have team at jenny.com and then I reply as Jenny jenny.com so it's like pretty funny maybe one day there there'll be a team but yes I do it myself so right now whenever I have free time I'll just like do Outreach okay okay you do the outre it's crazy I don't know why I'm doing everything um yeah so uh but for the most part most of the the brand come inbound and those are the best opportunities uh and a lot of the brands are like I'm finding that right now it's apps since a lot of apps are free are very low cost and that's something my audience your audience y but also there's also opportunities where uh Brands pay me to run ads and be like an ambassador or like like I don't even need to post a video it's just like show that um like Jenny Hoyos uses that that product like for example like I made a video for opis clip love opis clip they're not paying me to say this right now I'm I'm just but yeah I I made a video for them but then also like um they ran some ads with me because it's like oh Jenny H uses Opus clip uh so I've I've done a lot of opportunities like that as well gu it's like it's almost like how an athlete will use like a certain like athletic wear it's like oh that's what they use is it a is it a yearly contract monthly or or forever contract how it depends I never do imp perpetuity which is like forever never never do a forever because you don't know what's gonna you don't know if you change your mind I like to do monthly so usually like when I work with companies and we're going to do like they're going to run ads I do a monthly like rate to use the ad but I tell them that that rate we need to renegotiate every 3 months because I never know like like you w with this with this like with this uh job I guess like I can you I can just blow up overnight and I need to change my three month my rate in three months from now I mean you can clearly see it's it's going on by hundreds every minute yeah it's just a licensing fee uh basically Opus clip for example they came to you or you came to them funny enough my my lawyer like had a a connection with them and she was like Hey like this is like this is like in your world and this and you're in their world like let's connect you and she she ended up Conn because she she does legal work for them but then also for me so it just like naturally made sense oh wow you have a lawyer what what does why do you need a lawyer what what does she do uh the contracts with uh all the brand Partnerships ESP especially when you do it with with big companies the bigger the company the longer the contract is like the first time I received a contract that was over 20 pages I was like okay I need to find a lawyer okay yeah makes sense makes sense does outbound work for you because I've seen for most people does not do much I'm curious for you I literally just started like a week ago if I'm be honest I I I did outbound back when I was much smaller never worked it never worked however um I did make a video where I wanted to see how much free when I hit a million subscribers I wanted to see how much free stuff I could get as an influencer and I got like nearly I think it was like over $3,000 worth of items so like as far as like if you want to get PR as an influencer like I think I could have done it even with 10K or 100K like you can get as much free stuff as you want like probably with 100K so outbound works if you're trying to get free stuff but as far as like a paid deal I'm still trying to figure it out um so but right now my strategy is like I'm I'm trying to collect a a bunch of PR right now so I'm reaching out to get PR and then from there I want to U make like or if it's a good product like make organic content or maybe like have it in the background like for example like I love I'm not getting paid to say this but I love Vitamix for examp example so I'm going to include them in a video uh when I'm making like a smoothie or something so then like um I can send it to them and be like hey like I included it in the video what do you think about like a paid partnership because if they send free product it's very likely that they um are like they're used to influencer marketing okay I don't know this I'm just G to this is something I'm just starting out I want to test the theory and if it works uh I would love to help other creators do it as well okay yeah I mean there's a a lot of potential there for sure in your in your negotiations so we've talked a lot about shorts right but do you mix in Tik Tok Instagram uh as a as a combo how how do you deal with that with the sponsorships or is it just one short and that's it oh I always try to throw it in like whenever I can because um it's an it's an easy upsell it's an easy upsell or if a company is like uh like oh I'm not 100% sure like I just throw it in they're like okay like it's something it's not something that is like um because on on Tik Tok and Instagram like it's an extra 300K followers so even it is like which is substantial but it's also like um relative to the amount on YouTube it's not that much so it's it's never like really leading the offer rather like uh supplementing what's the difference between all the vertical platforms you would say yeah it's definitely the audience the type of viewer that's on the different platforms and that's what influences the the content being different on all the platforms so YouTube shorts is very young gen Alpha Then followed by Tik Tok gen Z and then Instagram is Millennials so you'll you'll you'll naturally see that in the content where it's like YouTube's very Punchy optimized Tik Tok is not actually optimized really it's very raw and natural because Jen Z like they can they can they can smell the the yeah and then Instagram is unironically even though it's for Millennials you would think in the curve it just gets slower it actually doesn't their content just very like straightforward even though it's not optimized it's very straightforward to the point like as you notice like a lot of the videos on Instagram is like a lot of viral videos is like a small short clip of like someone doing a small task and then says read the caption because like that's just like that's how that audience uh consumes content they just want like straight to the point just give me the information I don't care if it's entertaining or not would you want to create more content that appeals not just to younger kids but to Millennial or or and Za a yeah all the all the others basically yeah I'm actually uh I'm actually thinking about it and I'm trying to I'm trying to see if there's a world where uh like what's what's the what's the like the mix like what's the what's the word like I'm trying to find where's the balance between creating content for kids but also can be watched by an older demographic something that I am trying and I have done in a lot of videos is uh incorporating my mom so it's like yeah maybe it's like oh now we're attracting both audiences because it's like other kid watches for me and then uh adults or older people could watch for my mom's point of view so I'm still experimenting with that but I definitely think there's a world to do that and I think that's why like a lot of popular shows have a bunch of different characters because you can resonate with the different characters have you seen an impact on the viewership bringing your mom in and without her have you done like big studies around what works inside your shorts yeah whenever I have my mom they they do so much better or even like more characters do better like my my most popular video in the last month was a video where I mention my entire family like my mom my dad and my my grandma it's like people people love the the family Dynamic but also being able to relate to a specific person or specific character that you're mentioning I love they disappear the next day so I got to find the culprit and suspect number one is my mom who loves okay and then one by one your family members come yeah and then I say a different tradeit about them and then that's like they can resonate with a different uh person yeah and that Crush no 20 24 million views this say in less than a month oo okay oh my God look at that flat yeah okay when you talked about progression it's uh it's there and they want to figure out like wait who is this person it is uh it makes people invested people love suspense it's funny I made this video cuz I was like watching how I Met Your Mother and it was like I got inspiration I was like oh I want to figure out who the mother is I want to make a video similar to that who ate the strawberries I like that you're getting inspiration outside of YouTube a lot cuz when you're going over 10 million you got to go way broad right yes and I'm curious how how how do you think about it like how how do you go because you're you're aiming for 100 Mil per shorts basically right yes I'm aiming for 100 million yes any criterias that you're thinking to hit those 100 Mil it needs to be very broadly appealing um and I love using the word relatable but in a different way so everyone thinks relatable is oh like they're so quirky and relatable like that's so funny they're relatable but like just cuz someone's funny doesn't make them relatable like because it's like that joke's just funny to you maybe it's not funny to someone else so when I think of relatable um it's like what are things that all humans relate to and that's why a lot of my content now is a lot of food stuff um because that's like everyone has to eat that's relatable everyone has to eat almost everyone Cooks so uh it can be watched by anyone that's why a lot of food like cooking videos food videos have a lot of views uh so that was a question for you actually do you do it on purpose to have a lot of food content because what when we scroll your your channel there's a lot of food like here and there is it on purpose originally it was not like it was not intentional so it was simply because a lot of outliers just so happen to be food videos and that's like what a lot of people resonate with like this people I knew this idea like is super like this is actually relatable where someone else in their family eats their food and they don't know who it was like that's just uh you know a relatable Human Experience so and naturally it it it was it was it was unintentional but when I realized it myself I it's been intentional recently for the last month I have intentionally been making food videos because it's it this sounds like such a cheap answer but they're my highest performing videos and they also take the least amount of time to make oh okay so it's efficient yeah and it works yeah it just makes sense but also when you Niche down when you have like a specific Niche it's better for getting brand Partnerships because Brands want to know how they can be inserted into your content so the more Niche or like specific your format is the easier for Brands to say oh I know exactly how she's going to do it so if let's say uh Oreos wanted to sponsor me oh she's going to make some sort of Oreo recipe like it's just it's just what she does we'll get to those uh those recent videos but before that most viewed short 173 million views I built a secret room with Z let's check it out how did you think of that video like I knew secret rooms were an outlier but I I never wanted to do it because I thought it would be cringe just cuz like everyone's doing the the secret room stuff um but ultimately uh I started doing better when I told myself it doesn't matter if you're cringe like having a YouTube channel itself is cringe so don't don't don't I shouldn't care about people thinking something's cringe I mean I if you get views that's what matters um so I mean that's how I I knew I had to do that outlier but I inserted the zero dollar element like I knew if I was going to do a secret room I had to do it in a way that's like unique because if you just copy other people's videos it's like well no one's going to subscribe no one's actually going to engage with it let me do it in the Jenny Ho's Way and the Jenny Ho's Way is doing it on a budget and also incorporating a family or like a a kid uh thing so that's what I did I I had my mom yelling at me which is like I guess I guess that is relatable it's very relatable yes yeah um and that's that's how I came up with with this okay smart and uh let's see the hook here I'm building a secret room with Z there's a whole room in here what are youing tell us a bit more how how you thought of of that hook yeah so action in the video already starting so notice how it wasn't one of those hooks where it's like I'm about to build a sec room okay now let's do it like that's how almost everyone's video starts saying what they're about to do rather than just doing the thing so I knew for the hook I had to start by by doing the thing and uh I knew this was going to be a good hook because I saw another Creator Justin Flom one of his most viewed videos was him um literally breaking uh breaking his wall exactly like this so I knew it was an outlier hook to begin with okay super interesting and um how do you script for video like this or it's more like I'm thinking this is going to happen this is going to happen this going to happen and go with it or is everything scripted word for word you know what's interesting is all my videos are like pretty much or at the time now now I don't do it anymore all my videos now I film it similar to this almost all my videos at the time were scripted or outlined and I thought about the story this video was not this video I literally only knew the hook cuz I was starting to realize how important the hook was so I went into it just knowing the hook and and then it's funny cuz after I filmed the hook me and my mom my dad were just like okay what happens next and we were all just throwing ideas cuz we all um we're we're all together always filming the videos like even in the videos I'm by myself my dad's behind the camera my mom is behind like we're all just like throwing ideas at each other uh and then like we'll see we we'll just like take note of when we laugh even in natural day to-day things and I'll write it down like that's how we came up with with this like this story was outlined like that we were just like balancing ideas while it was happening and then it came together in the get it did pretty well casual 170 million views what's uh what's your RPM now so you said was 5 Cent now it's 20 cents okay yeah so YouTube you guys have been doing whatever you guys are doing like keep doing it yeah keep doing it and that's and that's for me being in general entertainment with a young audience I've heard uh people who have like an older audience who do like serious story times like get like $1 plus because you know it's an older audience like shorts RPMs are starting to do pretty good they're able to get a dollar RPM on a 60-second shorts I've I've heard at least I've never seen it on their land I never like went into their YouTube Studio but I've I've heard I I wouldn't be surprised if mine is 20 cents for like eighty olds I'm also thinking so that's for 60 seconds have you tested 3 minutes shorts no but I believe I've done a minute and 30 seconds and the RPM's the same I'm curious why did you not test out those two three minute shorts It's all about your audience and your viewer so uh going back to it like Okay so so this is something I also want to mention I this is like one of a this is like a huge like I I I I mentioned this once in a podcast and I never mentioned it again and I feel like I I because I only mentioned it once I didn't stress the importance of this and it flew by people's heads but all your videos should be like around the same length because think about it when you're scrolling on YouTube shorts like naturally notice this yourself you don't run into a video that's 5 seconds then the next one is a minute then the next one is 30 seconds then the next one is 5 seconds then the next one's a minute because that's drawing as a viewing experience it should be like when you're scrolling through YouTube shorts or any short from platform it should be consistent length it should be okay 30C video a 30C video so it's almost like uh like emotion that just happens so it just makes it very smooth so because of that you want all your videos to be a similar length um and deviating Too Much from what your audience is used to might not make your video uh push to that viewer interesting so you're aiming normally 60 seconds or 45 seconds what's okay 45 is yeah I found sweet spot I found the sweet spot is uh around 35 to 45 seconds okay so you got that Banger we're now here and you're growing you're growing and now 2.2 million we see a jump of almost a million view uh Subs basically a million subs from one short right this one I think it's definitely this one this okay about that that's crazy how did you think of that idea it unfortunately this was one of the videos that like I I did like I I don't even want to use the word inspiration I almost did copy Mark Rober Mark Rober did a very simar million subs from that yeah I think I saw Mark Rober get a bunch of subscribers I hopped on the trend I was one of the first people to hop on the trend before anyone else you remixed it it's in your own style basically yeah so I basically did what he did but included my mom mom and like cuzz that that's like what my videos are are known for like the mother daughter uh banter and that got 13 million views and led to 1 million Subs basically that was the the correlation yeah you see that what goes through your mind I need to do more what goes through my mind is wow so you're telling me I spent this much time getting to two million and just with one video I go from two to three like that is crazy when you think about it because I thought point it's been like two years but then in how long was it 1 million Subs I'm not quite sure but it was it was really quick okay yeah in like a months I think it was saw wait no I think it was a week because I remember um I was like one of the most subbed channels on YouTube like um that week or something and uh did you see an impact on viewership across everywhere because we do know shorts uh leads to a higher rate of sub conversion right uh more than long form yes but but does it lead to more viewership afterwards let's say you got a million right there in in in a month did you see a correlation to higher views no okay and the reason why that is is um I have a big like well I mean everyone does you know you you'll have your your subscriber count but you'll have an even bigger returning viewer like amount of returning viewers so a lot of the people that are subscribing didn't see me for the first time and that's why they subscribed it was probably like the sixth time that they saw me and now that I'm mentioning a like that they should subscribe that's when they subscribe so I already had those viewers they just weren't subscribers see yeah like there when you look there um there's 34 million returning viewers like right now in the last 28 days oh wow exactly so those are potential subscribers that I I just need to mention the like that there's the I need to mention that you can subscribe to those people so I'm assuming you definitely think you can hit 30 million subscribers right technically technically speaking I should be able to hit if you're getting them to watch your content yeah so then we're now at the 3 million Subs part so going to 5 million here August 24 I think you did it again right I just kept doing it here I need one more and again that led to the best one was writing the names of my subscribers oh yeah yeah yeah true this was insane and this was my dad's idea yo 1.3 mil in one short why do you think this does so well well should people do that like what do you think it depends on your it depends on your strategy um I mean I mean definitely do it so for one this was an outlier idea that my dad actually found and before getting into that let me tell you about how the one of 10 strategy team can help you grow your channel much faster and make more money our team has directly worked with over a 100 Youtubers to grow their channels by optimizing their content focusing on the right strategies so for example here's a video IDE did title and thumbnail that we crafted for Mike shake that ended up getting 22 million views and being his most popular video of all time another example is the content strategy we build for C helping him go from 0 to 70,000 subscribers and grow a six figure business on top of that and those are only just two of many creators the team has worked with in the past 6 years so if you're ready to take your channel to the next level in the next 90 days with daily support video reviews winning ideas titles and thumbnails and even two calls per month to answer all your questions head over to one of.com strategy to book a call someone would wrote the names of their well a lot of people have done that where they write the names of their subscribers on their cars on their play buttons but then I'm like okay let me integrate that people people want obviously want to be like recognized they want to be um they want to be acknowledged by you so this is the way to acknowledge them but also let's let's let's combine the mark Rober method where you need one more because at the end of the video I told them uh that I was going to write the the name of my was it four millionth subscriber on my play button but I never got to four at the end like I had one more left so and so so everyone's trying to subscribe to be the the to be the one uh so on top of being acknowledged they want to be acknowledged as the one um so yeah that's why uh that crushed I'm writing the names of every subscriber until I hit 4 million likes and what's crazy to me is that there's still 150,000 viewers every 48 Hours yeah 200 Days Later guess it's 5 million Subs what's your team like yeah so at the time it was me and one editor who was full-time for uh a couple of months but I actually decided to started started I started honing in on live streaming and that's when you started yeah that's when I started honing in in live streaming but I didn't really need editing anymore so like between that that period I was I did have an editor but now I don't now I have uh just like freelance editors I haven't been doing I haven't live streamed in like a while but yeah I was relying on live streaming for growth so oh my goodness like live streaming is like the like if you thought shorts is good for converting like Subs like live streaming is the best talk to us why so yeah six months ago why did you start doing those live stream what was what was the Catalyst to it I I saw that it was like a new feature so that's that's always a great sign because YouTube's always like pushing you new features what do you mean new feature oh like uh live streaming is is like within the last year like YouTube Oh vertical streaming sorry oh okay okay that's new okay in the past year you before last year you couldn't do live stream on vertical the past Dam I didn't even know that yeah so they've been they've been like doing campaigns with influencers and me to like start live yeah they're pushing it guys live stream shorts yeah so they are pushing it um so that's always like a good thing of course um but on top of that it's I realized that short did well where people wanted me to write their names like they like that or some people were even pausing and commenting wait you did write my name like I saw my name there so imagine that but if you do it live and you actually write their names how many people are going to subscribe um and it's it was it was nuts I I I think I could be wrong I think I gained 50 oh over 50,000 subscribers in like 3 hours my most that I've ever gained like I think at one point I gained like 100k in one hour on a live stream ho like that's crazy imagine if I live stream for for for like 10 hours a million subscribers you know I mean you could yeah I I've thought about it honestly I'm I'm thinking about it um but I mean it's good because people want to be acknowledge that's that's the key thing and that's why all my live streams I I'm acknowledging as I'm saying as many names as possible people want to they that's what that's what they want that's a great hack um and so I guess that idea you saw the outlier that went crazy with the shorts so you're like I'm going to do it live exactly never brought an extra okay and then you started doing it weekly daily yeah I was doing weekly for for a bit but I'm not gonna lie it's exhausting it is exhausting it's it's it's a lot more exhausting than it it seems but I mean yeah it's it's great I mean you gain a lot of subscribers but also if you really want to you can make a lot of money as well yeah so like I I give give away just as much as I I made on because I've done a few giveaway streams but like I'll say like for example just drawing my subscribers um in three hours I got over $2,000 in donations over oh wow like like it's it's insane so not only did I gain 100,000 subscribers but I also monetized off of it but again I gave it all away so but the I think the third part that's the most important is you're engaging with the community so you're having a stronger presence with them and then whatever you want to sell in the future at least you're you're getting that because from shorts I think it's really hard to to have a strong Community but this with these lives I think you're creating that Community right yes that is that is the goal especially since it's it's vertical streams the way they appear is on the shorts feed so people are watching shorts they probably watched my short and they scroll wait Jenny's live and then it's like that's how they become a a loyal uh viewer correct and it is a good sign if someone's if someone's donating it's a good sign that imagine like you know how crazy it is they're Don they're not even getting anything in return so imagine if I was selling a product which is why eventually I do want to do a live stream where like Mr Beast has done those where he sells his merch like that it makes sense why those do good yeah that made a lot for him so yeah I think he made like a million dollars in the in like what like a few hours like it's crazy I think more actually and so for you you could do that um you did talk about 10 hours or or more you could technically do those 24 hours live stream that Mr Beast used to do oh yeah like I did a sleep stream I went to sleep uh and gained uh like 880,000 subscribers subscribe to wake me up oh wow okay I went to sleep and I woke up with 80k Subs Okay so okay so the first time you did it it was just to try it out see if it would work it did you saw it work you carried on that format yes and I gain Subs is the goal still to gain subs or what is the goal now and uh here we can see it six million yes the goal is to gain Subs something I will say and it is it is crazy because I hear a lot of the opposite like when it comes to Brand Partnerships everyone always says like oh brands are getting smarter like they want to get views I haven't seen brands get smarter to that point yet that maybe that's ons me but I mean like um even like right now I'm probably getting I think I am getting less views than I was at my Peak but brands are paying more because they see the the subscriber count and they're like oh Jenny's name and likeness Valu is valued so much more so even if she gets like 10 views it's like it doesn't matter because it's Jenny so like yeah that's why I'm trying to get as I am trying to grow my subscriber account because Brands pay a lot more okay you're seeing a correlation if regardless of the views of the sub count goes up you're you're good yeah it depends there's different types of campaigns but especially since my audience isn't as monetizable um I'm finding a lot of brand Partnerships I get are more of like my name affiliation and having more subscribers helps with that and again your community is growing uh how how many are you getting per per stream the live live viewerships it it it honestly depends it varies um if if it's a stream where like it's like me like I'm not like I don't have it planned out like I'm just kind of chilling with my viewers it's like 200,000 views but when I planed out a million no I meant um concurrent uh concurrent viewer yeah oh concurrent so yeah if I'm just like chilling and just talking to them it's a thousand concurrent but at my Peak I've had I believe like 11,000 is my most or maybe 12,000 was are most concurrent which is it's actually crazy to me how do you how do you have that many concurrent even the biggest streamers don't have that some of them are stuck at like 5K 10K 11k is is actually insane I know like when I saw it I'm like like that many it is crazy how can that many people be watching live it is crazy to me are you are you streaming also on Tik Tok at the same time or you're only on shorts only on shorts um I have a great relationship with the YouTube live streaming team right so I I got to be loyal to to YouTube oh wow that's super interesting could you see yourself doing more shorts live stream than shorts content oh that's a that's a good um maybe maybe I have considered not not because it's going to be my main thing but because it's so much easier to do like like I can't do like doing daily shorts is a lot harder than doing going live every day for like an hour or even like 10 minutes like it's just a lot easier so so probably eventually I will just have more live streams I feel there's a lot of wins here stronger community bigger conversion less time more time efficient and uh and YouTube I guess is pushing that since it's a new feature in the past year no it's it's great but I will say live streaming and I think a lot of streamers talk about this doesn't necessarily grow your audience you're not going to find new viewers true this is true true you need to already have an audience yeah discoverability for streaming is really hard but that's when your shorts content brings in those uh new viewers and then you bring them to to life interesting and then that's to life but now how's to long form because I saw you stopped six months ago basically yes posting on Long forms uh talk to us about that why why did you stop I like making long form videos but I genuinely prefer making short form videos I've always just like naturally gravitated towards shorter videos but the reason I like fully like just quit it all together is honestly a monetization move I'm see that a lot of brands are starting to pay uh like short or trying to pay for ads on shorts simply because I think that is the best way to promote uh a product I mean for the longest time if we look at like even traditional media commercials have always been like 30 seconds and true would like it it just makes sense to um it depends on the Creator but it makes sense for to make a short where the whole thing is an ad versus like a long form video which is like irrelevant content and then or not I mean like just like General content and in the middle is like a 30 second integration that people don't actually want to watch and even the creators make it like so that like yeah yeah it's like no one actually wants to watch it versus um the short it's just an ad it is what it is like and then they can run ads on it too it's convenient for them true they can then use that and repurpose on on their end it's much easier to repurpose and they can put it on Old their platforms as well exactly like it's much easier to repurpose than in a long for video you know how creators it makes sense for retention tactics they'll like show something happening then they'll talk about the product then they'll show something but then it's like that doesn't work for an ad they can't run ads with that yeah no I'm seeing the power of shorts uh I always thought shorts could be a waste of time for someone wanting to go long form um but now with shorts grow that's been growing in the past few years uh you can definitely go full-time you can make a lot of money and also you can get repurpose on everywhere Instagram Tik Tok shorts but definitely for a monetization move I think shorts is better however I am interested in kind of similar to what I mentioned how shorts you can do like a full 30 second like the whole short could just be an ad I would love to do the same thing for a long form and I'm I'm sure the the the pay would be a lot better I would definitely be interested in that because like even like um like you know if Kevin Hart like has long form uh like 10-minute like interviews that are sponsored by uh Icy Hot For example so it's like the whole thing is a sponsorship so it's like product integration throughout the entire thing and like that makes more sense I'm for like like I love brand Integrations um but like I'm for making it make more sense for the brand than it than it makes sense for me but it also makes sense for the audience it needs to make more sense for the audience and the brand than it does for me and we are now basically from 6 million to 8.3 million right so in the past six months let's see what's been happening it's a live stream that's been a big Focus yeah like how how many shorts are you posting every week I'm posting about three shorts a week okay you're still posting three a week while going live stream once a week you went to the NFL yeah how did that partnership happen yeah so I also went to the Olympics which was crazy and they both happened the same way they both have the same way which is why I mentioned that um oh I love YouTube so much okay so uh a lot of times these big companies they want to work with influencers or creators they don't know who to trust so they'll reach out to companies like YouTube who already have these connections yeah so actually it was um they reached out to YouTube they told YouTube Hey can you find creators who are who were trustworthy and could do well for our campaign and uh yeah YouTube knowing that um I'm just a good brand partner just uh connected me with them and there's a couple of opportunities such as the Olympics like where YouTube just like is the middleman and I think that's going to be huge that's why it's very important to build a good relationship with like that's why when you asked about like live streaming on Tik Tok it's like like oh I'm like I'm like you're all YouTu with YouTube basically okay I see I see how did you um create that relationship with YouTube yeah so just going to the events talking to as many employees being nice um but even offering like um to help out like um I I offer to give like feedback like whenever they need it like just for for completely like free or whenever I have any insights or like changes or like like that sounds bad like but like whenever I see something like like in the analytic I'm like it would be cool if we had this or other things like I'm just always reaching out I'm just always trying to be involved like YouTube is is uh it's not just a place where I post it's also like we're we're in this together we're all we're all like I am part of YouTube at least I don't know that's how feel you I'm all in YouTube so I get you I love YouTube yeah now we're at the present yes what is the full team now yeah so it's uh primarily me okay and then my mom is is in a lot of the videos yeah so she's always helping out also in the background and helping clean and set up things and my dad's there as well while we're filming he's uh you know in charge of the camera bouncing back ideas so Mom and Dad producers and basically that's what I guess that's what it's called yeah so yeah I'm the Creator they're the producers and um then I have two like freelance editors who uh okay who uh like they're they're they're great like um it's interesting because for the longest time I never thought like I thought finding an editor was like impossible I feel like everyone says this thought it was impossible and I thought it was even more impossible to do it to hire uh editors from another country because I thought maybe they don't understand the jokes or maybe it's like um English isn't their first language and I found having an editor like editors in different countries is better in so many ways than in the US not only is it cheaper but it's it's unironic how like them English being their second language makes the edits actually better because they'll cut out jokes that just make no sense or things that are confusing and they'll make it so that it actually makes sense and make and they'll edit it so that it's easier to follow so I wanted to mention this because I feel like a lot of people tend to say like oh I can never work with someone who who doesn't English isn't their first language no that's that's like you should actually like which makes it more appealing broadly basically yes exactly so yeah that's that's uh basically basically the team got it and you take care of all the sponsorship you've got a lawyer to go over stuff and forgot to mention that but yes I also have an accountant if that counts I guess I guess yeah but more more the admin side but content creation that's pretty much uh you three actually what does your week look like yeah so um now that I started making these cooking videos my week has been a lot like it's been a lot like easier before it used to be like um I used to spend a whole day filming one video like one short but now my week usually looks like um I play a lot of pickle ball so I really yeah so my week usually looks like me playing pickle ball me cooking eating honestly like uh watching a lot of traditional media as well um to get a lot of ideas but also because I want to get into like acting and also like just also writing I also love I just love traditional um so it's been a lot of that but um like as far as uh content creation it's usually like one day in the week I'll batch film like five videos and then I'll send it to the editors um so you're good for two weeks basically yeah so it sounds funny recently like since I made this pivot like the last two weeks I've had a lot of free time so since the pivot to live stream you mean or to everything like to to live streaming and the cooking I've had and and with this free time now I'm trying to get into other Ventures so um that's why I'm launching my my new program because now I have time so I have time to to help more creators and then um from there I I do and that's why I've been doing outbound recently as well so now that I've basically in other words I've automated content in a way like I can fil five shorts in one day like what am I going to do with the rest six days of the week right um and with that time I'm just trying to find other Ventures to monetize you talked earlier about pivoting content to these food style uh IDE is tell us more about it um why are you doing this type of content basically food is just uh relatable in human nature I um they're easy to make but also the most important thing most important thing is I naturally found myself getting more excited about food videos like I I would have a list of ideas and it's funny because I would this is what my ideation used to look like six months ago I'd see my list of ideas and then I would be like oh these are my favorites and then I let's say it's like 10 I pick out like my three favorites and I noticed oh wait these are all food videos okay now let me pick out mid ideas just to put in between so that it doesn't look like I'm a I'm a food content creator because I don't want to be in a niche I don't want to be a food content creator and then it's like what's the point because then those videos would just flop and then the food ones would do well anyway like it just it makes no sense why I was doing that for the longest time so I just decided it's what I like to make and it's also what's working so okay it's yeah time efficient it works you get the views and you can focus on the live stream the rest of the time yeah and it's and it's it's always best to it's easier to monetize when you're in a niche always easier to monetize in a niche and uh what do you think is the main focus for the next year yeah for the next year getting as many brand Partnerships as possible okay like and it's not even just um like getting the Quick Cash I want to establish like relationships with Brands like oh my goodness I loved working with NFL for example um like I would love to continue like going to more games creating more content and throughout the year uh be doing that and have like my small handful of Brands like one of my like now that I'm doing food videos like one of my dreams would be to for example be sponsored by Publix and then which is like a what is it like a Southeast thing I don't know but it's it's it's in Florida it's like a Florida thing anyway um and it would be cool where it's like similar to athletes let's say they pay me something annually and I only use their uh their products on the videos like that would be crazy and and and that's that's what I'm trying to do right now the goal is to monetize I mean I've always been business finance first so now I kind of want to go back to that like um start going into Ventures and figure out how to build a $100 million business that's what I'm curious about cuz you are reaching a great audience that yeah it's not monetizable now but maybe in the next five years as you're building that uh Community 8 to2 becomes 15 18 whatever and um and I mean Mr Beast has that audience as well but was able to capture them with chocolate uh burger and and soon games um how are you thinking about creater Le business for that type of audience yeah I'm thinking of it very differently actually so I've thought about doing a Creator product but um Mr said this in a podcast before it's very true it's so expensive to do and it's like and the then the profit margins aren't that great like what are the profit margins on Fus like what like 20 30% like probably something around there like and that's probably yeah probably yeah and that's probably being like nice versus partnering with brands or already established Brands such as like Publix which it makes sense because even though kids aren't the ones like um like buying the groceries they'll tell their parents oh wait no we should go to Publix like like that's going to be so much like it's it's so much fun they have this and that like and they can they can still influence uh that um and I think it just depends on the brands like also another brand I would love to work with is Disney so a lot of kids are not like are starting to watch YouTube and not watch uh like things like Disney anymore and like there's a collaboration collaboration there because that's an easy thing for kids to say oh let's go to movies or let's get Disney plus it's a it's a lower it's a it's a lower to barrier entry you'd prefer to to um not collaborate but to to to partner up with with businesses more than to create out from scratch I think that's smart yeah but it but the goal is to to have big businesses and have like a long-term relationship I would love to like oh my goodness you know would be so cool I would love to be like you know how there's Jake from steak Farm or there's like Flo um what's what's it called for aggressive like I would love to be like Jenny for something like I would love to do that and I think it sounds crazy cuz you would think like um starting a product would probably be more monetizable and maybe longterm but it's like there's it's so much more work it's so much more money work smarter not harder smart smart I remember like I think three years ago at Creator now you were saying that you wanted to beat Graham stepen and subscriber count you've done but back then you you were more in the finance world yes um what is the next goal now 100 Mil what's uh what is it yeah so my next goal for subscribers is 10 million then when I get to 10 million no more subscriber goal there's no like that is the goal 10 million okay my right now my number one priority is to get to 10 million subscribers like honestly and when I get there my my number one priority from there is just to build a100 million business or brand okay okay I can see that yeah that's that's the goal um and and I'm still figuring it out because maybe maybe it's uh maybe I just go into Consulting like maybe because I also like don't want to slowly die out it's like maybe should I like end off at a high like be like oh wait where did Jenny go well I feel the Consulting side is good for now it's it's going to bring great Revenue but I do feel with that audience you're getting 100 million 100 million views per per month uh plus with the live stream that Community is going to grow I definitely think there's a Creator product you you can find at some point maybe in the food world or or whatever that I think would make sense uh that no one has thought of yet but with it'll come yeah or probably even partner like look what Ryan Tran did with Droid ride was genius for example it was an established business he didn't have to like uh start from scratch start from scratch yeah and they just uh partnered did Equity an equity split like that that too that that is perfect yeah I think Works Smart Way like even Federer with um Roger Federer in the tennis world he made more money by partnering up with uh like that that shoe company he owns 3% of it and that 3% make brought him hundreds of millions dollars exactly which was more than all his prize uh money pool stuff of course and why would he create his own shoe brand exactly yeah but getting that Equity split is what works it's like I think there's like an Alex rosi like well it might be Alex rosi it's like would you rather have 100% of a $1,000 business or 1% of a billion dollar business I don't remember the exact quote but like when you think of it that way it's like well yeah like do the numbers I think you're you're on the right path it's it's going to go well yes $100 million doll business is the goal it's the longterm Jenny hoo goal before I I die let's go yes from that 10 million Subs is next right what is your main advice to the people who want to grow from zero there's there's so much the number one piece of advice that I have is the Blue Ocean strategy uh it would take quite a bit of time for me to explain the whole thing but there's like a Harvard video on YouTube there's like a you you will find it just search up Blue Ocean strategy Harvard on YouTube and watch it basically it's about um creating your own Niche and that makes you stand out in a market full of uh competitors basically so you know if you're starting on YouTube there's so many people making videos and a lot of people are making the same videos so your videos need to be different they need to stand out so you need to create your own blue ocean be your Be Your Own Thing make your own Niche make your own content format and style it's going to take time but if you do that you're more likely to blow up okay nice nice great advice another question is if a person is hard stuck on shorts posting post thing what do you recommend them to do to improve like their videos are all getting the same views yeah like 100 views I'd say yeah so there's a lot of different factors but I would say don't don't change your Niche unless you want to change niches Target the same audience because sometimes you know you you could have you could have um you could have great videos but they all target a different audience so YouTube's like okay but who am I supposed to send this out to like make sure that your video appeals to the same viewer um I would say to to do that um you need to make at least 20 videos maybe even a hundred videos like before you even like consider um like this oh this is you know I need to do something else but yeah so I would say make sure you're making this videos for the same viewer but then look at your retention look at your uh view versus swipe way which is how good your hooks are and slowly optimize based on that these are my last two questions uh we're going to go back to your Beginnings in the finance Niche um imagine YouTubers as a stock right uh Mr Beast is a blue stock a blue chip who would be a YouTuber you would invest right now that you think would grow oo that's a good question what YouTuber would I invest in I see I want to invest in myself but I feel like that's you can out say yourself yeah I know that's like a that's like a cheat answer all that comes to my head are like people who have already made it which makes it so fine we've had those answers I gotta I'm gonna go with Michelle KY okay I would invest in Michelle Cory she's well established but she still has huge growth coming for sure yeah oh yeah I I think I can see her getting into the world of traditional media just like considering like how high you know who I invest in actually I changed my answer I know who I invest in tagis I'd invest in tes oo okay yeah yeah yeah yeah he's been blowing up yeah but he's still like he's still underground not underground Yeah well yeah Niche but yeah I because yeah no no no that's that's a great answer because he has high quality videos yeah um yeah we already know we already know like no no explanation needed no it's been interesting to see him uh grow like he he would mainly do shorts but then would post those long form but would not get that many views but now he's getting like hundreds of thousands on them yeah his stock is going up a lot consistency that is ke and final question is uh what's your dream for the next let's say 30 years the big dream is to have a $100 million business I want to and I want to be financially free but I will I will still continue to work uh I want to to make that much but not just to have that money the goal would be to make that doing something I love and something that I am really passionate about is creating brand Ed content I find myself spending more time putting more e effort getting more excited when I have sponsored shorts because they're harder to make and I'm like the girl that can make anything go viral so I get excitement when I have to make something viral when it's hard to make it viral so that's that would be the dream to get a $0000 million business um making viral content for Brands even when it seems impossible I think you're going to get it you're on the right path got 100 million uh viewers per month and I think that's growing as well you've got the live going so yeah congrats on everything and and good luck yeah thank you great thanks again for coming on the on the podcast and guys link below for the for the boot camp uh that's starting in April so so book now

  Top Comments:
  1. @1of10pod [2 likes]: Get 50% OFF by using code "POD50" at 1of10.com
  2. @LegendBreakersHQ [1 likes]: Great interview, thank you!
  3. @TanviDangat: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  4. @LevelUpRanks1: really nice :hand-purple-blue-peace:
  5. @fadyfahad2702: Thank you for the great content!
  6. @WhatTheyHidWorld: Delıxe
  7. @justinalmuller: 🎉I absolutely love you as a vlogger! ❤🎉
  8. @suriyanaturalhealthcoach: Very good interview! Both interviewer’s questions and the guest all great. Very genuine!… thank you 🙏
  9. @iamaseyat: loved this so much, very insightful and inspiring!
  10. @JonahBananaYT: Jenny has fallen off since this podcast, lol.
  11. @HistorySnackAI: wow awesome,
  12. @takeonthiss: A greatest interview 🙌🏻
  13. @breadeditt: fantastic content, thanks Jenny and 1of10 podcast, i am amazed and love the value of this. learnt a lot!
  14. @såMįRDįîî.Mė2òF8: نشكركم على تفانيكم🤍👏🙏🏻
  15. @UpStreamCharlie: Amazing . Just study the Algo, analyze, and do the math.
  16. @dollnalee8374: 很干货，很有收获，谢谢
  17. @SanataAnjata: I really want to explore the level of energy independence to the maximum level that ,I have never used , see the effects that occur in the universe and hope fully my main goal is to able to compete or see the effects the planet Sun or it's effy on planet earth. It's also a good idea to include quantum teknologyr to read the literature charts. Later we will agree on the time we need phisical prepation and maturity of the moment so that evero goes well.
  18. @danduccik: is she is a daughter of Mr Beast or so? XD
  19. @travelmeandyou: Can't make up my mind if this is a boy or a girl. And what's up with these glasses, haa? 😅
  20. @såMįRDįîî.Mė2òF8: Congratulations🌹

- Improv lesson from Tina Fey: Kind: captions Language: en it has a lot of lessons in it so for example stop I've got a gun the gun the gun I gave you for our wedding anniversary Eric how could you we're not married aha we're not married is a denial we've learned our first improv lesson very hard it takes a long time to learn this is the problem with an engineer trying to learn it's it takes a long time uh to to learn those basic rules of improv so why don't you take us through them and they're in the book sure they're in the book um because I was an improviser at Second City and at a place called The Improv Olympic um in Chicago and and I talk in the book about uh improv having really kind of changed my professional life and even sort of my world view a little bit um there are some basic rules of improvisation when you're creating something out of nothing the the first rule is to agree which is to say yes which we did do that successfully you said freeze I have a gun and I I didn't say that's not a gun that's your finger said which is what a Google person would say yeah well no I don't know okay um and uh so we we agreed and the next rule is is yes and which is to add on to what you've already agreed upon so the gun the gun I gave you for our wedding anniversary how could you and then we hit a brick wall ER but it's a very you know it's funny because it's very very some very famous comedians have there's an old story about Joan Rivers was at the Second City briefly in 1959 1960 and and um there's they use this in class at Second City all the time that there was someone came in you know said I want a divorce was the beginning of the scene she said I want a divorce and whoever was with her on stage said but what about the children and she said we don't have any children which in the moment got a big laugh but stops but killed the scene and so that's uh it's a very so my response would be human instinct yes we have children I just didn't tell you that's why we're getting divorced yes I have some other children yes this is exactly what yeah

  Top Comments:
  1. @SimplyOnline25 [184 likes]: I like how Tina takes comedy seriously but is kind and friendly when trying to teach it to newbies.
  2. @normal_one_llc [76 likes]: for someone who doesn’t already understand what a “no, but” looks like in a scene, this is a terrific example
  3. @muffinman5741 [40 likes]: The most 90's background ever
  4. @boomanmc [18 likes]: he figured it out in the end.  the "yes we have children..." was REALLY funny and EXACTLY what ms. fey is talking about re: "agreement" / "yes/and" improv laws
  5. @Иван-ы5ш5ы [17 likes]: So thats what Anna Kendrik's original looks like
  6. @scottlarock7924 [4 likes]: Love improv for life, for business, for fun . . . I've only done it for a handful of months with a team, but I came away thinking that it would be so fun to have improv teams at high schools to compete, akin to a debate team.
  7. @wsk38 [2 likes]: Talented person. Thank you love your work
  8. @g2whatbrodie283 [1 likes]: There are no rules for improv, that’s why it’s improv. His response of “we’re not married” could have been hilarious.
  9. @AlexMercedes-p4s [1 likes]: The rules of Improv would serve the country better in this chaotic era than the Constitution does. Improv changed my life. It became a manual for Life and a spiritual practice.
  10. @plywoodcarjohnson5412: In real life it is pretty much the same. Try talking to some people. All you find is a brick wall. Or eagerness to put others down, due to complex of inferiority. Unability to agree with the "worldmap" of others, even though it may be wrong. Which in american translates as being able to "roll with the punches".
  11. @צמח23: Yes and I am blingblong 3000 and I am here to kill you boom you're dad
  12. @eatdrinkwineguy: Quite interesting form a point of developing scenes or fleshing out ideas. Having to always agree just opens things up in a really interesting way. O can see how it impacted her comedy. It brings a really surreal edge and I feel like you can see that in 30 Rock.
  13. @carlharmeling512: The basic skill of improv is how quickly can you come up with a lie. Be very careful therefore around those who are skilled at ‘improv’.
  14. @Danukar: so she cant say back "WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE HAVE NO CHILDREN??? WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM??" or something like that? to continue the scene
  15. @AkiraFelix-k2l: "Yes, and yadda yadda". It's very basic improv. They also teach that in communication skills.
  16. @MzunguWaPemba: It's hardly a brick wall. "We are married – just not to each other. You gave that gun to your husband!"
  17. @flamephlegm: Tina Fey is the best.
  18. @christophercaldwell6888: Absolute best in the business.
  19. @X9523-z3v: Tina Fey is peak woman
  20. @greenthomasb: Yes. This goes for so many things - this "contrary" halting. Being contrary because you can be, can just kill interaction or flow in almost anything. It can also make you appear smart to idiots. Since there is this "reward" aspect, as Tina described for the on-stage example with Joan Rivers, it is a really hard thing to convince a contrarian that they're doing something really wrong and dumb. The reward makes them want to do it even more. It's gross.

- MrBeast being a YouTube Genius for 10 minutes straight: Kind: captions Language: en I was offered five grand for a video, but this was when I was like 19. I was like, "Double it and I'll walk outside. I'll give it to homeless person." And they're like, "No, you won't." I was like, "Double it." And I like pacing around my neighbor for three hours convincing this guy like on the phone, "Just double the money. I promise the video will go viral and I'll give it to homeless friends." I was like, "$10,000 just looks better in a title. It'll get more views. I promise your your app will do better." A lot of times people Oh, boy. It's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly. And they Tell them, Jimmy. Tell them. They do that and they have horrible friend groups cuz you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. It's getting people with the right YouTuber friend group that aren't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and will actually tell them when their content is bad and like actually roast it and and help them get better in a nice positive way. Basically what I did was I somehow found these other like four lunatics. Three of us were college dropouts, one was a high school dropout and one I don't know, he just like quit his job. We all were super small YouTubers and we basically talked every day for a thousand days in a row and did nothing but just like hyper study like what makes a good video, what makes a good thumbnail, what what's good pacing, like how to go viral. We would just get on Skype every morning and like some days like I'd get on Skype at 7:00 a.m. and I'd be in the call until like 10:00 p.m. and then I go to bed. I wake up, I do it again. We'd do things like take a,000 thumbnails and see if like there's a correlation to the brightness of the thumbnail to how many views it got. Imagine a world where it's just you working solo and you work 12 hours a day every day for like a year and you're just grinding. You make a mistake, you learn from it, you grind, you make make you learn from it and you do that for like a year. And then imagine a different world where you have four friends who are also equally grinding in something similar. Friend number one makes a mistake on Friday. He teaches the other four people. Friend number two makes a mistake the next week, teaches everyone. And then like you're all learning from each other's mistakes. You're all constantly studying 24/7 and downloading each other. Like after a year, you're like 2 years ahead of the guy who was just solo. Do you frequently go that far out of your way to capture the thumbnail? Yeah, I mean, of course, everyone should. If people don't click, they don't watch. So, you you want to give them something to click. Something a lot of people forget is like on suggested on phones, thumbnails are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] small. So, like people are editing thumbnails full-blown on their computer and when you shrink it down, you can't see. We try to all around be above the rest. Anyone can clickbait, but you do actually like deliver on it. We say we put 100 million Orbeez in the backyard. We put 100 million Orbeez in the backyard. Your title and thumbnail set expectations. Like what you're saying is like, I like bananas. And what you need is bananas are the best goddamn food on the planet. Like that's the type of opinion you need. Like you need something like how to get a 100 million views on YouTube or not even that. That's not strong enough. You need something that makes people go what the what the did he say in that video. What the I need to know. And at the very beginning of the video to minimize drop off, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you're putting a million Orbeez in a pool, don't start the video with you shopping for, you know, your mom's birthday present. At the beginning of the video, just say this is 100 million Orbeez. We're going to fill this pool and this entire backyard with them. Match the expectations and then you want to exceed them. So you want to assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, "But you're also getting even more." Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience. The algorithm didn't like that video. No, the audience didn't like that video. If I wasn't retaining a viewer, just would it make sense for you to promote it? Why would you promote a 10-minute video that people watch on average a minute and a half? I mean, every video, even the stupid ones, I learned something, you know? And that's something I try to make a very big point of is like no matter how bad we mess up, like we sometimes have videos that have horrible retention. It's just like as long as you learn from it, it's not the end of the world. Every YouTuber says it. It's like no one will ever be able to replicate my style. It's I got to edit it. But news flash, someone can. It's actually not as difficult as you think. It was good that I got a a really strong foundation on how YouTube works and how the style of videos I wanted and everything before I scaled up the team, if that makes any sense. I just want to make sure that's clear cuz I've seen people try to build the team without foundation and and knowing how to do well. I know that if we filmed this video, it will do well. Just cuz I've spent a decade of my life hyper obsessing over YouTube and I I have a good pulse on it. But if you didn't have that, then you wouldn't know. Like, you wouldn't be able to spend $4 million on a Squid Game because you might lose two million bucks and then you can't pay your people. But of course, yeah, if I didn't have these people, I couldn't do half the stuff I do. For the last like eight or nine years, like every dollar I've made, I just spent it the next month on content. And I just did that every single month. And it just kept getting bigger and bigger. And here we are. Since I was 13, there probably hasn't been a single hour that's gone by that I've been awake where I haven't thought about YouTube. Like, I'm just focused on making the best videos possible, period. I don't care about making money. I don't care about time. I don't care about I just want to make the best videos on the planet. Literally, all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. 2AT and if you deny that, you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat. We do our videos in other languages as well. If you Google it, it's like only whatever. Less than 10% of the world speaks English. So 90% of the world can't even enjoy your content. And and when I realized that, I was like, wait a minute. 90% of my the world can't even watch this stuff. Like we just started doing this like 6 months ago and it's crazy like how viral some of these videos 51 million in Spanish. The guy who does my dubs is the same guy who dubs Spider-Man. We managed to convince them. So a lot of those comments are like why does he sound like Spider-Man or is Mr. Be Spider-Man? To me what's important is clickthrough rate getting people to click on your video and then average view duration, average view percentage or just relative retention and you know having them watch it. A lot of creators think clickthrough rate is just like the title and thumbnail and did they click it? But a lot of it too is did they enjoy your last video? Cuz if someone watches a video of yours and they loved it, you can bet the next time you're recommended their chance of clicking is a lot higher. You know, sometimes we're filming for 3 or 4 days, like 10 hours a day. You know, 30, 40 hours of filming plus months of setup, whereas most creators probably film for a couple hours and set up for a day. Outside of just filming, I mean, we brainstorm video ideas, I mean, relentlessly hours every day. By always doing all those things, it just distinctively sets it so far apart that it's basically in my head it's like why would you not watch it? Viewers aren't stupid. They can tell when you, you know, half ass I don't know if I'm allowed to curse a video or if you like really put in effort and like if they can tell you're putting in a lot of effort, they're going to be more likely to click on future videos and that type that snowballs and because once you build that trust, they get to a point where it doesn't matter what you upload. They just know it's high effort and they just know it's great and you're they're just conditioned just to watch because you have a good track record. And so with filming, it's just like trying to make sure we're doing everything we can and no matter how expensive is, no matter how much time it takes to make the best video possible. A lot of people when if they give away 100 grand, they make a huge deal about it, but we're, you know, sometimes we're just like, "Yeah, here's 100 grand like thanks for watching. Bye." Doing it that way makes it more fun and just more interesting. So I like to keep a little bit of it mysterious cuz I think that's what people enjoy. A lot of people aren't willing to put in 10 hours days cuz they don't like what they're doing. So it's finding what they enjoy because it is like a long grind. Like you're doing this for years, not months. So if you don't enjoy it, then you're going to burn out. I just had the blessing of finding what I loved at a young age. So like cuz to get to this level, it takes, you know, a decade. Most people don't find what they love till their young 20s. So they'd be where I'm at in their 30s. I just lucked out and found it when I was really young. Living your life chasing like a nicer and nicer car and a bigger and bigger box to live in is kind of like a dumb way to go about life. I actually, funny enough, I lived in like a super below average home. And I kind of learned why famous people don't live in a below average homes cuz someone broke in, stole everything I own. So I had to I had to get a little nicer house for security reasons. But before I was robbed. I mean like my place is like a little duplex 700 a month. You you get a roommates's 360 split. People think just because you go for views means you can't have fun. But you can pull views and you can have fun, which is what we purposely try to do. If you're not doing something that's just inherently fun to you, you're just quit. Just give up. Like, you got to at least semienjoy what you're doing or you're going to quit long before it gets to the point where it brings in money or or whatever else could be driving you. So, find what you love and then I would just hyper obsess. Make sure no one doing what you're doing is doing it better. Make sure the videos are as good as possible. You can be motivated by more than one thing. I'm motivated cuz I want to support my mom and my family. I'm motivated cuz I want to employ my friends and help them. I'm motivated cuz I want to help other people. I'm motivated cuz I want to be a YouTuber. I want to be I mean I feel like that's another misconception. You can have lots of things that drive you, you know? Absolutely. Absolutely. So, I mean like there's just tons of stuff that drive me and everything drives me to wanting to be a YouTuber. So, I kind of obsess over it. For the people that are willing to be coachable, I I would say like just education. Like there is a lot of misinformation out there that like people like live and breathe by like the weirdest stuff. I got to upload at midnight on Wednesdays or my videos don't do well. It's like just dumb stuff like that that just they don't realize how badly they're like handicapping themselves. Some minor tips I could give is like if somehow you could have a payoff at the end, then more people are going to watch to the end just to see what happened. Whichever one of these 456 people survives the longest wins 456 grand. Cut out all dull moments. Try not to overexlain things, but Cameron just sits on me and I'm just talking for 20 seconds. it doesn't hold retention as well as, you know, maybe me talking and other footage popping up. It's much easier to get 5 million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. Takes way less effort to get 5 million views in one video. Back then, which I think small YouTubers should do is I would reply to every single comment. And so, I think a few people caught on that they would I would always reply. And so, some people would just be like, I wonder how long it'll take for them to reply. So, that was a lot of my comments when I was smaller, but at least it kept them coming back. And your analytics, and most of you probably know this, audience retention. you can see where people click off. Just literally go through your last 50 videos, write down where everyone clicked off, and then just don't do those things again. But wait a minute, Mr. Beast, what if I don't know how to actually improve my average view duration? How do I know where to start? What if I'm just a noob? Well, in order to better retain your viewers, it's first helpful to have a really deep understanding of how they experience YouTube to put yourself in their shoes. And in this video, I explain five simple steps that will help you do just that. Check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marcus-Jones [531 likes]: Full FREE YouTube course on how to grow from 0 subscribers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ltVnicT2kU&list=PL3ofSMAYh8bsWmcxENO2v5e3rLW1nzG-k&index=6




👉 Also, want help to reach your first 1k subscribers? If so, click here https://link.how-to-reach-1000-subscribers.com/learn-more
  2. @MohdMunawar0 [1 likes]: There is no GOD worthy of worship except ALLAH!
  3. @TonySwaby [1 likes]: The reason YT is the way it is
  4. @Sloyme-Number-2 [1 likes]: Jokes on you i don't have friends Jimmy!
  5. @BOBBYGODAMNESIA: dude is creepy AF, and hangs out with the rothschids/
  6. @NikhilPokhrel-u1z: Sub
  7. @pilotann4215: Thank you very much for sharing your testimony brother.❤
  8. @lazerblade2: If getting views were a noble goal in itself, this guy would be a saint.
  9. @RalCommisurataallEsperienza: great video, great contents. Thanks
  10. @ricksomething: This video wasn't ten minutes.
  11. @SunoPro24: https://youtu.be/JT9ZoYdCf5s?is=kHAocSeyb8flPAxR
  12. @danijeldanko4498: Savremena fizika i teorija kompleksnih sistema sugeriraju da stvarnost nije monolitna, već hijerarhijski strukturirana mreža nivoa organizacije. Mikrokozmos kvantnih fenomena, makrokozmos kosmoloških struktura, biološki sistemi i društveni sistemi ne predstavljaju odvojene domene, već različite manifestacije univerzalnog principa kompleksnosti.

U tom smislu, svaki nivo posjeduje:

vlastita pravila dinamike
vlastite granice predvidivosti
vlastite oblike emergentnog ponašanja
2. Mikrokozmos: kvantna neodređenost i fundamentalna nestabilnost

Na najnižem nivou, kvantni mikrokozmos karakterizira probabilistička ontologija. Čestice ne posjeduju fiksna stanja, već distribucije vjerovatnoće, čime se uvodi fundamentalna granica determinističkog opisa.

Ovaj nivo predstavlja “temeljnu neizvjesnost” sistema, gdje zakonitosti postoje, ali su izražene kroz statističku, a ne klasičnu determinističku formu.

3. Biološki mikro-sistemi: Cancer kao lokalna emergentna disrupcija

U biološkim sistemima, kompleksnost prelazi iz fizičkog u organizacioni nivo. Ćelijski sistemi funkcionišu kroz regulisane procese homeostaze, ali mogu generirati devijacije.

Rak predstavlja paradigmatski primjer:

lokalna deregulacija sistema rasta
gubitak kontrole nad diferencijacijom
emergentna autonomija unutar većeg organizma

U tom smislu, rak nije vanjski entitet, već unutrašnja sistemska divergencija pravila stabilnosti.

4. Makrokozmos: Universe kao stabilna, ali nedostižna cjelina

Na kosmološkom nivou, univerzum pokazuje relativnu stabilnost kroz fundamentalne zakone fizike. Međutim, njegova veličina i skala čine ga epistemološki nedostižnim u potpunosti.

Ovdje se pojavljuje paradoks:

zakoni su jednostavni
struktura je beskonačno kompleksna

Makrokozmos je, dakle, sistem maksimalne ekstenzije uz minimalnu lokalnu nepredvidivost.

5. Društveni sistemi: rat kao makro-emergentna nestabilnost

Na društvenom nivou, rat predstavlja ekstremnu formu sistemske disrupcije. Za razliku od bioloških sistema, društveni sistemi uključuju:

svijest i namjeru
adaptivno ponašanje
promjenjiva pravila interakcije

Rat se može posmatrati kao:

emergentni fenomen višestrukih sukobljenih interesa unutar otvorenog adaptivnog sistema

Za razliku od bioloških sistema, ovdje ne postoji stabilan “zakon ponašanja sistema” koji ostaje konstantan tokom procesa.

6. Integrativna sinteza: univerzum kao hijerarhija nestabilnosti i stabilnosti

Kada se svi nivoi spoje, pojavljuje se jedinstvena struktura:

mikrokozmos → fundamentalna neizvjesnost
biološki sistem → lokalna deregulacija
društveni sistem → adaptivni konflikt
makrokozmos → globalna stabilnost kroz jednostavne zakone

Ova hijerarhija ukazuje da kompleksnost nije uniformna, već stratifikovana po nivoima organizacije.

7. Zaključak

Univerzum se može interpretirati kao višeslojni sistem u kojem različiti nivoi kompleksnosti generiraju različite oblike stabilnosti i nestabilnosti. Mikrokozmos uvodi neodređenost, biološki sistemi uvode unutrašnje poremećaje, društveni sistemi uvode konflikt, dok makrokozmos uvodi strukturalnu stabilnost.

U tom okviru, rak, rat i kosmos nisu analogije identične prirode, već različite projekcije istog principa:

emergencije reda i haosa kroz hijerarhiju kompleksnih sistema
  13. @gnotecycler: Watching in 2026. All his advice still checks out just right.
  14. @divyabhatia9916: always do something u love and do ti with right intentions. u will definitely win.
  15. @Neet-Maxxing: He’s Jewish.
  16. @WhatIJustSaw: He is smart,understand human being and dopamine requirement we have from a youtube video.
  17. @stompz__: manipulation
  18. @MarekJPaliga: "If it's not fun for you, give up." I'll take this one.
  19. @RomanEmpireMetals: Dude Beast was planted just like Kevin Hart... He WAS PUT IN HIS POSITION!
  20. @Formulainfluence: Does he represent the idea that there’s always someone who will go further—or is he actually redefining the limit?

- Why These Women Are Growing FAST on YouTube (The Vibe Effect): Kind: captions Language: en Here's a hot take. Some of the fastest growing women on YouTube right now didn't go viral. They went strategic. They didn't get lucky. They did things differently. They broke the rules to get attention in unique ways. You see, in 2025, the marketplace is crowded and the competition is noisy. But these female creators who are currently winning, they're not louder, they're sharper. And today I'm breaking down the quiet power moves behind three successful female creators on video, specifically YouTube, and how they grew faster than most with something called the Vibe Effect. Because once you understand why they blew up, you can start implementing the same strategies ASAP. By the way, I'm April Me, a midlife mom and an AI video strategist who built two multi6figure businesses using simple video marketing as a solo entrepreneur. and I've helped hundreds of young at heart women double their income in total generating millions of dollars using authentic high-converting videos. And I'm on a journey to help more women worldwide. But in order to do that, I have to level up my own videos, the teaching points, the scripts, the opening hooks, and the overall delivery. That's why I did some digging and began closely studying creators who were already winning, namely Dea, Jenny Hoyos, and Nikki Saunders. Each of these creators nailed the new vibe effect, but in wildly different ways. That's what's made them impossible to ignore. And I'm going to lay out their differences and the similarities that they all have in the four-part vibe effect. So, let's get to it. It all starts with the V for visible focus. The biggest mistake holding back creators isn't inconsistency, it's fragmentation. Most struggling creators pick a variety of what seems to be unrelated topics, but the topics need to be in the same family, so to speak. not distant cousins, but immediate family. They need to be directly connected to an overall theme. And I fell into this trap myself. I can see now that even though each video that I made was good, they were too different. They overlapped, but not enough. Therefore, my audience was divided and it was holding back my growth. I've learned that breakout creators didn't grow fast because they made the most videos. They grew because they had consistent topics for a well- definfined audience and a format that makes every new video feel like an extension of the last. They picked one lane and they drove fast. So when the viewer watches one video that delivers on the promise, they're more likely to click on the next video that you have to watch. That is an aligned topic, not an adjacent topic. They keep watching as long as each video helps them with their concern or what they're interested in. This is a compound effect where each video is shown to more people because it delivers on the promise. Let's look at some examples. You can see that Nikki is focused on AI, artificial intelligence, and at the time of recording this, she has around 24,000 followers and was recently one of the hottest speakers at the Social Media Marketing World Conference. Now, let's look at Dea. Dea helps freelancers be successful, and she has 159,000 followers, and Jenny is the masters of shorts and getting anything to go viral. She tells stories about saving money. She has almost 9 million followers. But what do they have in common? Each creator is crystal clear about who they speak to, and they commit to serving their audience over and over. Let's look at how they do it differently. Nikki speaks to the cultural forward entrepreneur. Her niche is AI, technology, and branding, and how to incorporate that into your business. Every video is a conversation that makes you feel seen and schooled. Dea and her channel are clearly for the side hustling freelancer solo entrepreneur who wants to grow their business quickly and also keep their boundaries. Jenny, on the other hand, is laser focused on Gen Z. Her attention hacking and storytelling mastery has an overall focus on saving money and budgeting. Every title promises a lesson, but you stay for the story. As you can see, a visible focus is critical. A channel without focus is like a playlist that shuffles between opera, hiphop, jazz, country, and a variety of things. For most people, that would feel too disorganized and jarring. Instead, each of these breakout creators nailed one thing. Every video they made reinforced a central promise. It's the reason their viewers keep coming back. So, let's go deeper on how you can do the same. First, choose your main message. What's the core promise behind your content? I'd love to hear what you decided. Let me know in the comments what your primary topic niche is. Next, decide your content container. Will it be tutorials, reaction videos, behind the scenes, interviews? What's the overall format? Finally, lock in your audience journey. You'll want to brainstorm where are they now and where are you taking them? You'll want your focus to overlap these three areas: your passion, what you're proficient in, and what people will actually pay you for. An extra tip would be use the 80% rule. Meaning, would 80% of your last video's viewers be just as excited about your next video? If not, it's time to narrow your focus. The I in vibe stands for impactful storytelling. Good storytelling doesn't just inform, it transforms. It's about making people feel like they're inside the story. This isn't just a once upon a time narrative. This is a strap in because what I'm about to say might change how you see your whole business. But here's a twist. Each creator does it differently. Yes, they all use storytelling as their vehicle, but they take you down different paths. First, let's talk about Jenny. Her superpower, it's this micro mastery of storytelling. Her pacing is surgical, her hooks unskipable. She doesn't just share stories, she builds narrative loops that create emotional rewards. She opens a loop in your brain within 3 seconds, and it hits these emotional beats and delivers a satisfying twist almost every time. Her video grabs attention, but more importantly, it keeps it. She uses this documentary meets short film approach. And her stories aren't linear. They're tension machines. I mean, you're locked in from that first second, waiting to see what lesson will come of the chaos. Dea takes a different route. She has a relatable narrative structure. She builds emotional safety before she teaches. Her stories often feel like the advice laced diary entry you didn't know you needed. And then Nikki infuses storytelling through perspective. She riffs and reacts and then reframes everything in real time. She weaves in this cultural context and does it in a conversational style video. All of these ladies have a story first style, which means that every video opens with some type of curiosity or emotion before they ever deliver advice or teaching points. And you can copy this video style with every video having a beginning point and a transformation. Start with a hook with empathy. It could be a question, a personal moment, or a dilemma. You know, make them curious. Next, you want to increase the stakes, build the tension, add the conflict, the contrast, the doubt, or the time crunch. You know, make them care. Then finally, you want to land the plane with a big payoff. Not just a lesson, but an insight that sticks and leave the viewer changed. You know, make them satisfied. Here, you can use the three P narrative loop. The premise to set the stakes, the pivot, where something unexpected happens, and then the payoff, which is a transformation or the twist. A good story makes people nod and a great story makes them see themselves inside it. This is something that I'm actively working on, not just teaching, but putting it into a mini transformation, trying to put my viewer in the shoes of the before and after feeling. Now, the B in vibe stands for branded energy. People don't just subscribe to content, they subscribe to energy. It's what keeps them watching. It's not only what you talk about, the market niche and topic. It's also how you talk about it. But the real twist, these female video creators stopped trying to be everything for everyone and double down on becoming unmistakably themselves. Sure, they all have energy that's consistent, authentic, and aligned with their audience. But here's how they do it differently. Dea's energy is warm, grounding. She makes relatable, cozy, productive advice for freelancing professionals. But more importantly, every video feels like a casual heart-to-he heart sitting on the couch having oat milk latte with your friend. Think biz bestie meets organizational queen. Whereas Jenny's energy is bold, fast, laser focused. She's a triple espresso adrenaline shot. Her branded energy feels like she's already sprinting and you're just trying to keep up, but you want to keep up. She's Gen Z meets Gary Vee. And then we have Nikki's energy. She blends this branding authority with cultural swagger. Every word feels like a mic drop. Her videos radiate purpose and a down to earth, nononsense, tell it like it is type of energy. her tone, her pacing, her visuals, it all feels like her. She's not just delivering value, she's delivering a vibe. If you want to analyze your branded energy, think about first your authentic cadence, which is, do you speak like a coach, a friend, or a disruptor? Next, is your energy calm, hype, soulful? Do you have a recurring flare? Like you use a running joke or a call back or a signature phrase? Here's a bonus alignment tip. Identify your natural energy range and then ask, "How do I amplify this without distortion?" Like, "How can I be me but just a little better?" Because I will tell you that the camera tends to drain our energy. It can feel like you're being dramatic when you're just talking normal. Your branded energy is vital. It reminds me of Dr. Maya Angelou's a famous quote in which she said, "I learned that people will forget what you said. People will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." So, don't chase trends, chase alignment. What do you want your viewers to feel in the first 5 seconds of the video and throughout the video and through your entire channel or any of your branding videos? A defined focus isn't just for your topic. It's a topic plus format plus branded energy. The E stands for editing alignment. What if I told you your editing style can create instant emotional branding. Your editing isn't just about aesthetics. Look at all three creators. Their editing isn't just polished, it's personalized. It reinforces their message, not distracts from it. Jenny's editing is fast-paced, precision cut. Her rapidfire edits and caption overlays all create an experience that's equal parts TED talk and Tik Tok. She uses these zoomins for comedic effect or intensity. She has a tight storytelling that doesn't waste a frame. Every bit of her editing feels like Jenny's style. Nikki's editing is powerful and branded, has bold titles and colors, signature fonts, and energetic overlays. She has punchy motion graphics that echo her confident delivery. And then she uses these audio drops and these noise and sound effects and energetic call outs that make every video feel like a pep talk with an edge. Her editing style is fast cuts between her talking and her reaction clips. Now compare that to Dea whose editing has a cozy aesthetic vibe with slow motion transitions, text overlays that feel almost handwritten or like a scrapbook like. And then she has this calming B-roll where she's videos of her sipping tea and her cat in the background. Dea's editing style is charming and feminine. It has soft pops of pink with cute sticker graphics and an occasional pastel explosion, but it's not fluff. It's functional. She uses a visual design to structure her content and helps the viewer remember the points that she's making and the concepts by breaking her thoughts into these clear, concise sections. It helps the viewer mentally take it all in. Her use of whites space and gentle animations with these soft text overlays makes her teaching feel calm, digestible. The concepts are strategically layered in with her editing. She often uses title cards or onscreen questions, floating captions that introduce what's coming before she explains it so that the viewer can anticipate what matters and lean in to listen to what's next. Overall, her visuals and editing create this guided almost handheld viewing experience. All three of these female creators are intentionally editing in their own unique style. When trying to determine your style, ask yourself the question, "What's the emotion I want my audience to leave with?" Here are some tips. First, your editing style should amplify your natural vibe. Choose visuals that feel like your values and match your energy style. Whether that's clean, quirky, calm, bold, don't copy the chaotic jenzy jumps and cuts if your brand is more of a thoughtful, calm vibe. Next, add one to two editing elements that become signature for your brand and videos. Some examples might be that you use bold quotes or you have a certain type of B-roll, which B-roll is just the videos of you or other people doing an activity, or maybe you have some type of branded overlays, but think of some signature editing elements. Next, keep your style sensory consistent, meaning using the fonts, the pacing, the colors that echo your tone across the videos. That aesthetic feel with the fonts, colors, and music should mirror your message and your overall brand style. Think of editing like seasoning. If it's too much, it can be overwhelming. If it's too little, it could be bland. But just right, it enhances the flavor, and you want more content in this case, which gives me a chance to say, "Check out this editing graphic. It's your friendly reminder to like and subscribe to the video. I would appreciate you so much for doing so." Now, since you made it this far, I have a bonus tip for you. Here's what most people miss. Defining your brand moat. I'm sure you've heard of a moat. It's a deep wide ditch that's usually surrounding a castle or a fort filled with water and intended as a defense against attacks. Well, you need that for your business. A brand moat. The thing that makes you hard to copy is the thing that makes you magnetic. You don't have to be the best. You have to be the only one who can do what you do in the way that you do it. You see, the most successful video creators aren't just relatable. They're irreplaceable. They can't be easily copied or replicated. They've established a brand moat. Whether that's through having a life experience that only they could speak to. Maybe they have access to people, places, or insights that others can't get, such as Jenny's family dynamic when she incorporates her mom and her grandmother in her videos. Or maybe it's their personality. For you, this could be your unique humor, your rhythm, a specific worldview. Any of those things could make up your brand moat that protects your business. Ask yourself, what's uniquely mine that others can't mimic? As you can see, it's not luck. It's calibration. It's clarity. It's choosing to build your brand videos with intention. Your unique vibe helps viewers recognize, resonate, and return to your content. When you master the vibe effect of visible focus, impactful storytelling, branded energy, and editing alignment, you stop blending in. You start building a brand that lasts, and you start getting more client sales and truly making an impact. I know these are the things that I'm continually working on in my business and my videos, always trying to level up and get better. I'd love to hear what part of the video resonated with you the most. And let me know in the comments what would help you most for the future. With hugs and high fives, bye for now. Oatmeal. I cannot say that word. Oatmeal milk latte. Oatmeal milk. Oatmeal milk. Oatmeal. Maybe it's just oat milk. I [music] just I don't have it so I don't say

  Top Comments:
  1. @IMAQT4U: Branded energy is a great concept
  2. @IMAQT4U: I love Maya Angelou!  ❤

- What was it like to live under the Pharaoh's rule… as a nobody?: Kind: captions Language: en What was it like to survive under the Pharaoh's rule? Not as a king, not even a priest, but as one of the thousands, forgotten by history. Your hands knew only dust and granite. You rose before the sun. Your body belonged to the state, your soul, to the gods. You were forced to build. You learned silence quickly. To speak too much was to vanish like wind over the dunes. He called himself divine. They said his voice was law, his gaze a blessing. But below the steps of his throne, your mother wept into silence. She held a bowl not to eat, but to pray it might be noticed. You watched your brother wither while priests burned incense. And the Nile carried gold upstream to feed the statues. And when the monuments were finished, the pharaoh's name thundered in stone. But yours, the name whispered by your mother, was tossed to flame. Scribes burned the records of your lives. Not out of hatred, but by decree. History was edited by command. And you were erased with ink and fire. But not all memory needs ink. Some stories wait, buried in heat and silence until someone listens. You were the child who sang songs while stacking stone. The mother who tucked a flower beneath the granite block, hoping the gods would see. I see it. I remember it. Your small defiance became sacred. Even in the age of kings, it was the forgotten who held the world together.

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- The 7 Heavenly Virtues As Female YouTubers: Kind: captions Language: en There are seven specific female YouTubers who each embody one of the seven heavenly virtues. And today we're breaking them all down. Starting with the virtue of humility. Humility is defined as staying modest and grounded even when the spotlight is on you. And no [snorts] creator fits that definition better than Sophie Manassian. Because while a lot of teen influencers online are quick to flex, jump into beef or turn every comment section into a battlefield. Sophie does the opposite. She rarely posts about drama. She doesn't react to hate. And she never uses her career as a trophy to hold over people. Even though she's had opportunities most teens can only dream of. >> I have gained 10 million in one year and almost 16 billion views on YouTube alone. A lot of people, you know, post consistently like you do, but you've been able to scale so quickly and so fast. So, like what do you think was the difference between what you did and like, you know, what other creators do? like what was maybe the secret to your success. >> What's really like ironic is the fact that my videos aren't like insanely different from other influencers. >> TV appearances, major brand work, and a loyal fan base. Her content never feels like, "Look at me." It feels light, respectful, and steady. No attention-seeking stunts, no callout videos, no public insults, even when it would be easy to do it and get a quick viral moment. And what makes that even more noticeable is how she treats her personal life. Sophie keeps it private. She doesn't bait the internet with relationship drama. She doesn't feed rumors about her infamous ex-friend group. And when fans try to stir things up, she doesn't pour gasoline on it. She just keeps posting her dances and moves on. And in a similar vein, the next creator on this list has also gained attention for the way she treats others. But not just through modesty. She's known for something even rarer on YouTube. helping people in a way that actually changes their trajectory. That's why she represents the virtue of kindness. Kindness is the act of lifting others up just because you can. You don't do it for views, likes, or validation. You do it because you care. And that is exactly what Jenny Hoyos has built her channel on. Wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive-thru? Probably not. But somehow answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now, even though I only have 5 minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. >> Jenny is one of the fastest growing shorts creators in the educational space. Her rise on YouTube wasn't just fast, it was strategic, algorithmic, and genuinely impressive. But what makes her stand out even more is how open she is about the strategy behind it. Because on a platform where most creators treat growth like a secret recipe they can't share, [music] Jenny does the opposite. She teaches. She runs workshops. She does [music] Q&As's. She makes full videos explaining how she went viral, breaking down thumbnails, pacing, [music] retention, and structure. The exact things other creators gatekeep. And she's especially focused on helping young girls and smaller creators grow without feeling like they have to rely on drama, negativity, or cheap tricks to win. Even now with millions of followers and serious momentum, she still replies to smaller YouTubers asking for advice. Her content stays positive, her delivery stays supportive, and it never feels like she's talking down to anyone. She genuinely seems like she wants everyone to win. And unlike creators who go viral once and suddenly act like experts, Jenny backs up what she says with research, performance data, and results you can actually see. >> And remember, you want to get your audience attention immediately. So, you want to start by asking something shocking. And one of the things I've always wondered was if fast food was really as fast as they say. So, I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. Let's check out how I hooked my viewers. >> Burger. >> Yeah. Can you put cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes? It's not hot enough. >> Her kindness isn't performative. It's rooted in empowerment. [music] She doesn't just chase numbers for herself. She creates value for others in almost every post. And that's exactly why she's the perfect embodiment of kindness. But while that kind of generosity is already rare enough, this next creator takes it even further because she doesn't just give advice or encouragement. She gives real resources, real money, real opportunities. That's why she embodies the virtue of charity. Charity isn't just about donating cash. It's about giving your time, your energy, and your platform to causes bigger than yourself. [music] And Jaden Animations is one of the clearest examples of that on all of YouTube. Jaden has been animating since she was a teenager, launching her channel back in 2014. Over time, she grew from simple storytelling into full animated documentaries covering personal insecurities, identity, video game adventures, mental health, and more. But the biggest thing that stands out is how often she's used her influence to help other people. In 2019, she [music] encouraged fans to donate to a bird sanctuary through a GoFundMe campaign. >> We supported a local bird rescue with helping fund their renovations, which they were really thankful for. I followed up with Nika who works there, and she said with the donations, they were able to revamp the electrical work and AC to be more stable and are in the process of building more aviaries and a shed for extra storage. I was blown away with how much we were able to help, and I want to do something like that again this year. This time, I want to help out the Bird Gardens of Naples, >> raising [music] over $22,000 in a few weeks. Later, she joined Team Trees with other creators to help plant millions of trees worldwide. In 2020, she participated in Hope from Home, [music] a global live stream that raised over $260,000 for CO 19 relief. She supported the Trevor Project, donated toward causes connected to animal welfare, mental health, and education, and consistently used her platform to push people toward helping instead of just consuming. And in 2024, she took it to another level. Jaden participated in a major Mr. Beast challenge where the prize was $1 million meant to be given away. She won. I think it does. >> OH MY GOSH. OH WA. YOU'RE SO CHILL. I WAS LIKE, SURELY SHE'S OUT. YOU ARE THE WINNER. >> And instead of treating it like a flex, she treated it like a responsibility. She pledged to use the money to help her fans attend art school, specifically to support upandcoming artists during a time where the animation industry is unstable and creative careers feel more intimidating than ever. >> And a million dollars to give away to my subscribers. That is a Looney Tunes amount of money. First of all, Top Five all agreed that whoever won the million would give the other four 100K each to do something for their subscribers, too. So, a total of 400K will be going to Lwig, Alex Bes, Amixum, and Nick Deioani. The remaining 600K, I decided to put it towards paying for as many people's art degrees as possible. It's really scary going into the art field right now. Between the animation industry hitting their rough patches, AI threatening to take artist jobs, the overall career path is extremely intimidating and difficult to break into. I'd really like to encourage and make it easier for some of the up andcoming artists by being able to send them through art school stress-free. I have no idea how to set it all up, but I'm currently working with as many qualified people as I have available to me to make it happen. >> And outside of money, she's also consistently offered representation. Her video being not straight, where she came out as a-romantic and asexual, became one of YouTube's top trending videos of the year. Okay, before I even say anything, let's lay out some ground rules. This is probably going to be the most open I'll ever get about my personal life. I know I've shared tidbits of myself and life through little stories, but when it comes to personal stuff, I'm very private, especially within the past few years. I'm going to be talking in very general surface level terms because specific personal details are for me to know [music] and in the nicest way possible. None of your business. Not because it was flashy, but because it was thoughtful and [music] real. She's also opened up about ADHD and autism in 2024, helping normalize conversations around neurode divergence. Jaden has every reason to just keep her head down and animate. She has a successful brand, a loyal fan base, and major recognition. But she still goes out of her way to give more than entertainment. She gives care. And that's exactly what makes her the perfect example of charity. But while generosity is one kind of virtue, this next creator embodies something even more personal. Because she's built her brand around boundaries, self-respect, and not letting the internet pressure her into becoming someone else. That's why she represents the virtue of chastity. Chastity doesn't just mean being modest. It means honoring your boundaries, respecting yourself, [music] and knowing your worth beyond appearance. And no one in the current YouTube space represents that better than Brooke Monk. Brooke first blew up through Tik Tok before expanding across YouTube and Instagram. She gained attention for her lipsync videos, relatable expressions, and effortless good looks. But instead of letting that attention reshape her into whatever the algorithm wanted, she leaned into her values. Because while many creators her age shift toward more provocative content to stay relevant, Brooke has consistently done the opposite. She's been open about her Christian faith, her choice to dress modestly, speak respectfully, and avoid trends that don't align with what she believes. Her style is clean, her message is grounded, and she's never tried to exploit herself for attention. Even when people criticize her for being too conservative or too innocent, she doesn't clap back. She doesn't switch up for clout. She stays kind, composed, and focused. And even her relationship has been refreshingly mature. No messy public drama, no oversharing to keep viewers hooked. Just consistency and grace. And that quiet conviction becomes even more obvious when you look at how she handles attention from the outside. Whether it's criticism, weird internet obsession, or people trying to bait her into drama, Brooke doesn't crumble, and she doesn't clap back. She stays composed. She doesn't weaponize her audience. She doesn't start calling people out for clicks. She just keeps posting, [music] keeps moving forward, and keeps acting like herself. A clear example of this came when another controversial creator, Natalie Reynolds, was accused of copying Brook's style, recreating her dances and trends almost beat forbeat. And while it started off looking like harmless imitation, [music] it quickly turned into something much stranger when Natalie began including cardboard cutouts [music] of Brook's boyfriend in her videos and even went as far as getting his name tattooed on her forehead. But despite how disturbing the obsession looked from the outside, Brook's response stayed the same. When asked directly about the situation, Brooke didn't take the bait. She didn't insult anyone. She didn't act superior. She simply said she had nothing negative to say and emphasized that it's important to keep a kind heart regardless of how someone treats you. >> There's lots of talk about Natalie Reynolds and the beef. Who copies who are you? Who? What's the situation? >> I don't know. I've never met that creator and I don't have anything negative to say about anybody ever. >> So poise. No, I mean I feel like it's necessary to be kind to people and always have like a kind heart to everyone regardless of how they treat you. You're literally an angel. And that's exactly why she's so loved. Because in a world where attention is currency, Brooke refuses to cash in by sacrificing her values. That quiet, unshakable sense of self is exactly what chastity looks like. It's not about shame. It's about self-worth. And just like self-control can shape your values, it also shapes your work ethic. Because the next creator on this list is one of the most consistent and hardworking people on the platform. never cutting corners, never coasting, and never compromising on quality. That's why she represents the virtue of diligence. Diligence is the daily grind, the tireless creativity, the commitment to improvement, even when it's hard and even when nobody is clapping. And no creator embodies that quiet, relentless effort better than Critikica, also known online as the mermaid scales. Crouta is a short form creator from India who built her platform through consistency, creativity, and determination. When Cruika first started blowing up on Instagram and Tik Tok, people weren't just watching her, they were obsessed. Her makeup, her transitions, her editing, the big expressions, the dreamy cartoon look, everything felt new. Her videos didn't look like anyone else's. And since she barely spoke in the beginning, the mystery made people even more curious. But once you reach that level of fame, you don't just gain fans, you attract critics. And some of them don't just dislike you, they make it their full-time job to find a reason to tear you down. When people found out she was Indian after she started talking more on her videos, people started accusing her of hiding her identity, claiming she was ashamed of being Indian or trying to appear like she was from somewhere else. I find it extremely [music] weird how she goes to lengths to hide her Indianness almost as if it's a bad thing. >> I sometimes think she actively tries to hide [music] the fact that she's from India. That's probably why. >> Yeah, I felt that too. She wants to come across [music] as Korean or Japanese. >> She tried so hard to hide that she is from India. You can check all the reals and you won't know if she is in India, but slowly fans got to know she is Indian and her following dropped. >> So she [music] lost her fans because of racism. >> Hen somehow people are blaming her for it. for real, like what she feared the most happened. >> But the truth is way simpler and way uglier. A lot of creators don't reveal personal details early because the internet treats identity like a target. And in her case, some people literally admitted they unfollowed her after finding out she was Indian. That wasn't her fault. That was racism. But instead of admitting that, critics tried to flip it into her wrongdoing. Like she tricked them by simply not explaining herself to strangers. Anyways, what makes her stand out is the effort in [music] every single video. Whether it's cosplay, fashion, or comedy, there's detail in every frame. Her transitions are sharp, her editing is clean, [music] her styling is meticulous, and none of it feels rushed or half-done. In a world where people pump out dozens of loweffort posts a week, her quality doesn't drop. [music] And even when a video doesn't go viral, she keeps going. She's also largely self-taught, handling scripting, filming, and editing herself. And her range is huge. Anime, cosplay, beauty, dark humor, skits. She doesn't trap herself in one box. She explores everything she loves and finds a way to make it work. That kind of creative risk takes courage, but she keeps showing up anyway, not because she has to, because she wants to. And even as her global audience grows, she hasn't erased her identity to fit a western [music] mold. She brings her culture, her voice, and her full self into every post and lets that be enough. Now, she isn't just a creator, she's a [music] brand. She's worked with global labels, appeared in international campaigns, and helped put Indian short form creators on the map. And yet, she still uploads regularly, still engages with fans, and still keeps pushing her creativity [music] forward. But effort alone doesn't define a great creator. Sometimes the real strength is knowing when to slow down, hold back, and stay calm, especially when chaos would be easier and more viral. And that balance is exactly why this next YouTuber represents the virtue of temperance. Temperance is about balance, staying calm in chaos and choosing peace over drama, even when the internet is begging you to explode. And no one has modeled that kind of emotional control better than Stephanie Sue. Stephanie is best known for her mukbang and true crime content, a combination that sounds strange on paper, but works because of her delivery. She used to tell complex stories over comforting meals, blending heavy topics with a gentle tone until people dragged her across the internet for being insensitive. But what truly showed her character was how she handled one of the most intense controversies in mukbang YouTube history. Back in 2019, Stephanie was pulled into a very public conflict with Nikocado Avocado. What started as a collaboration issue spiraled into accusations [music] meant to discredit her. And in that moment, she could have done what the internet rewards most, rage, rant, [music] and turn the drama into content. But she didn't. Instead, she sat down and calmly explained her experience. She shared a few carefully chosen screenshots without name calling, just honesty, vulnerability, and a clear focus on safety and privacy. [music] And then in 2025, she faced backlash again, this time for covering the Diddy federal trial. She attended on her own time, took extensive handwritten notes, factchecked [music] before posting, and repeatedly told viewers she wasn't a journalist, just someone sharing what she observed. Her reporting was careful and respectful. Yet, people still tried to paint her as reckless. They mocked her for smiling in an Instagram story, accused her of disrespect, and attacked her, even though her content was more researched than most of what was being posted. And once again, she didn't weaponize her fan base. She didn't go on a rant. She didn't turn it into a personal war. She just kept showing up, kept [music] taking notes, kept reporting facts. She stayed centered on victims and never made the story about herself. And sometimes restraint isn't just moderation. Sometimes it's surviving the storm with grace. Which is exactly why this final creator represents the virtue of patience. Patience is about long-term growth. Not the kind that explodes overnight, but the kind that builds slowly, intentionally, and honestly. [music] And if there's one creator who's lived that journey in real time, it's Emma Chamberlain. When Emma started uploading vlogs in 2017, she had no fancy setup, no big budget, and no [music] plan. She was just a teenager filming in a room with awkward silences, quirky edits, and unfiltered thoughts. But that rawness connected. She wasn't trying to be perfect. She was just being real. [music] And over time, Emma didn't just grow. She evolved. She transformed her chaotic YouTube style into something clean and cinematic. She launched a coffee brand. She built a major podcast. She became a regular in high fashion spaces like Paris Fashion Week and the Met Gala. But the most important part is how she got there. She didn't cling to drama to stay relevant. She didn't force content when she was empty. She took breaks. She experimented. She tried, failed, and tried again. And when people said she fell off or lost her spark, she didn't sprint back to prove them wrong. She moved at her own pace, trusting the long game. In a platform built on non-stop uploads, she showed creators that slowing down isn't weakness, [music] it's wisdom. And even when she stepped away for a while, she didn't milk her return. She simply came back when she was ready. That quiet persistence, that willingness to build slowly in a world addicted to instant dopamine [music] is exactly why Emma represents patients so perfectly. She's not here to go viral every day. She's here to last. If you enjoyed this breakdown of the seven heavenly virtues as female YouTubers, make sure to like, subscribe, and drop a comment with who you think should have made the list. Let me know down below, and I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kirtinaral1566 [135 likes]: Second pin pls 
Got you in 28 seconds
Btw love your video so much
  2. @AsterRays7979 [10 likes]: Mermaid scale has litrally posted videos wearing indian cloths even in her old videos. 
Any south asian can just know she is indian just by her face.
She never hide it.
  3. @artholicmee [4 likes]: Ayo rottenmango mention 😭🖐️
  4. @shiningstar_2521 [2 likes]: The way ik all of them 😭 my favs 🎀 my SHAYLAAS 😭🎀❤️‍🩹 they will always heal something in me ❤️‍🩹🎀
  5. @samrubenabraham6979 [2 likes]: I'm a fan of @mermaidscales
  6. @sindhuvr2891 [1 likes]: I don't know wth is wrong with some ppl krutika never hide that she's indian... It doesn't matter where you are from what matters is the content...
  7. @certifiedhuihui [1 likes]: i think another great female creator is ina kim. she makes short form content that's incredibly uplifting and positive!
  8. @gangulyraj6889 [1 likes]: You forgot to mention the lord chancellor of wholesome female YouTube creators @uyenninh. She is the best.
  9. @jusnicom: TheMermaidScales is prolly one of the earliest if not the earliest YouTuber that started doing this kind of videos amongst these that you have mentioned here but somehow she goes ,,under the radar,, when you look up to the numbers of views which is unfair towards her. Sadly I don't know how to help her since I can't help myself at the first place...
  10. @mari_chan789: I loooveee Stephanie Soo with every fibre of my being. Ahhhh❤❤
  11. @allaboutish: This is such an in-depth researched video! love how you explained about each creator and each of their virtues!
  12. @BeaGun-q1o: stephanie soo milked the drama with nikocado, ruined his reputation and made a lot of money selling merch from the drama.
  13. @parthapratimpaul7848: Just how many creators in their first few videos outright say what their nationality is? Mermaidscales videos were almost entirely without any voiceover, just like sofi's old videos. People only assumed kritika is from SE asia. Take example of Max (career ladder), I didnot know he is ukranian until he said it one video. I mean when you are making a skit, why would you talk about your nationality!
  14. @Vizible21: 4:11 how can you be sure of that? Is she your friend? A room mate? Are you her psychiatrist?
  15. @fond_filmmakers: 😮😮
  16. @vasuki7e202: I am glad I know all these given I hardly online and know any creator
  17. @Subi_site: i love that ik them all 🫶🫶🫶
  18. @VionaLily-manhwa: Thanks for making this video 
From this I learn  there are more amazing youtuber 👍
I haven't known about
  19. @VionaLily-manhwa: I love Stephanie soo videos 
Mostly reddit types 😂,
  20. @CuteBook-bd3np: The fact that I knew she was Indian since the day one. Like...hiding how? You expected her to wear all the traditional clothes all the time or something? 😬😬😬

- Psychology Behind Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en what you do really well with all of your content is that in the first five seconds you have a deeply questioning feeling hey it's Hunter here and with John John uh shot me a message on Twitter actually responded to a tweet and it was very insightful it's something I'd never seen before breaking down a chart talking a little bit more about the psychology behind going into videos and using direct response Marketing in short form to educate an audience along with teach people um things they might not realize that are very easy Concepts but they've been overthinking it and that's something that our videos are really really focused on helping people understand things that might seem difficult in the easiest way possible I have a presentation that I'll jump straight into and that's going to break down all of those Concepts quite quickly and let's see here if I can figure out how to use technology and either way I think what I'm also just going to do is hand in hand I'll just dive in a little deeper based on what people on Twitter are asking about I can talk about a little bit more this is just going to be five minutes and then we can sort of jump off of that and discuss some of the things that I'll present so the human Spectrum that's something I've developed over the course of the last 10 years broken down it's understanding universal laws human anatomy psychology socio and economic behavior simply put physical emotional mental and relational physical health your body emotional your emotional regulation mental your mental health and relational anything outside of yourself that can be friends family you know Partners business partners objects anything that is outside of you that you use your senses to see and couple together that's really just mastering your innate capacity as an orchestrating Perpetual human growth so I just 10 seconds about myself 25 coma Survivor dropped out afterwards at 14. who went into sales scale the seven figure Hospitality business shut that down during covid and from the moment I woke up at a hospital bed I've been passionate about everything movement and health related 11 years of researching that and then led me to working with you know Fortune flowering people and my dream is to own 100 acres of land long story short that's me at a workshop helping people understand their physical emotional and mental health it's very important and just like Health as well so I'm just putting that out there for credibility purposes human spectrum is taking all of these subjects and putting it in very simply and when you look at any of these subjects it might look very separate but really at a cellular level is all the same and if you've seen the uh powers of 10 video when it zooms all the way out and then it back in again you see how everything really just looks the same depending on your lens and so that's the outer world and how we view things on that you know outer perspective when we go inwards it's actually just as deep and let it run through but cellular resonance and sustainability across the spectrum of Life Is Possible sorry for the dog if you understand your innate capacities and the good thing is that we don't even have to go out to space to understand ourselves and how to Market to other human beings we can do that by just sitting in a quiet room and like your friend Danny talks about is like meditation and mindfulness is extremely important what mindfulness and really go inwards and without dragging on what the video does is that it zooms in so far into his hand that it really looks like the cosmic Universe on the other end that the video started out with can link that to people if they want to watch it because it has a pretty good narration to it as well but it's very trippy and watch it in a quiet room alone um next concept polarity of Life Learning from both ends of the spectrum everything has is positive and negative and neither is good or bad it's just a you know matter of however you can align yourself with either pull in a positive or negative way so activity if you do too much you'll be tense and overwhelmed you get to do too little you will be stagnated and unstimulated if you rest too long that is and if you do too much rest yeah then you'll stagnate and then if you do too little of rest you'll be able to integrate whatever activity that you had so on the left side you have performance on the right side you have learning on the left side you have sympathetic and the other side prayer sympathetic that comes into our body and our nervous system our body can't learn as fast if it's like at the cost and just like fully active that's why we need sleep that's why super athletes Focus so much on sleep that's why it's so hard to get a hold of them it's so it's why they're so dialed in because they are on the court they're just priming everything outside of chords to be as active on the chord as possible and so that comes with rest Formula One drivers they rest like four times more than they practice by the time that they're professional and that really says something centropy entropy you know quite quick view the second law of Thermodynamics talks about entropy being the driving force of nature which is Devolution separation and creating disorder Decay chaos which is true but if you do something about your internal external State then you can actually create what's called centropy which is evolution Unity equality and quantity of Life increase growth stability and convergence things coming together simply put if you leave a car outside in the open it's going to get rusty but if you put it in your garage it's going to last longer and conversely with a garden if you just leave your garden just running wild then you'll have all kinds of things maybe even insects and animal animals that you don't want there coming in but if you take care of an intent to it it will be perfect yeah so like with this that we're showing right here is you can have both of them but we're it today's day and age we're going I feel like you see it more like we're going towards the like more chaotic lives and yeah I mean yeah I see like on this like separation like separation of family separation of friends ever since covid you see like a separation of community um I feel like we've kind of seeing like America at least like it seems like there could be some Decay and chaos and Divergence and then it's like how do you you personally if you get sucked into this how do you then get yourself out of it and that's where I think a lot of people I also think that's where some of these videos do extremely well because it's actionable advice to to make one little change in your life that could benefit you forever yeah and that's exactly why I'm a really big fan of your work because it brings the polarity of life like into a really conceptual Visual and you know easy to digest format and then when you put it into this sort of view many people are experiencing entropy and the fact that you're able to create sensory within like 15 20 30 seconds of video is amazing and it is impacting people on such a deep level because it's helping them find some sort of unity Within and so the reason why I showed the powers in 10 videos that you need to find Unity within yourself and growth and stability before you can sort of emulate that outside of yourself and I think that a lot of people just do to working really hard and then being like slammed with the pandemic really put people off right because it's just like sort of messed up a lot of momentum in the world well yeah everyone had their normal life and then it went to like here's a new here's a new way we're living we don't know when it's going to end exactly and I don't think that I mean I haven't even landed in this new reality every time I walk out my door I feel like it's kind of a simulation the next point is that you know we have a spectrum of emotions right so we have you know polarity happy sad love hate or love and apathy and what really happens in the body is that that's energy in motion with video with marketing it's all about how can you create emotion in people and that's Just Energy so 50 verses 10 million why did I put that there well 50 bits per second is what the conscious mind picks up that's what you are aware of and then 10 million is actually what the body is processing and you know some scientists say it's like trillion some say it's billions you know it's very conservative to say that there are like at least 10 million inputs per second and I'm going to come back to that now regarding the thing that I posted on Twitter in response to the color psychology theory that you were you were sharing is ego development theory an eager development theory talks about the distribution of perspective that humans have in the world and basically what it shows is that 80 85 percent of people are on the left side and then you have 15 to 20 percent of people on the right side now it talks not about what's better or worse it just talks about how do you see the world and how we see the world matters because you know depending on how we see the world we react to it differently but with marketing if you know who you're going to reach and how they react to video and how they react to the content you put out there you can have a massive advantage over everyone else so there's three key Concepts that I'm not going to go into deeply but I can and I will probably do so if people ask about it and the first one is the 12 body system so the 12 human body systems all react differently to different stimuli and give different types of hormones sent out in the body then you have the rivers of life there's literally a comprehensive list of every religion of mankind since 10 000 BC and the list is so long that I cannot even show the whole thing on here it's literally this I studied every Century to figure out how to see the different and you know difference in how people react to Media because you know content social media is very new but media has always existed and uh that's how I found congruence and what I'm about to show and in the next comic slide and then just quickly personally personality and cognitive ability this is a chart that shows the correlation between how well people are at cognitive abilities in relationship to their personality I also would love to dive into this it just looks confusing trust me it's not but it's like a score done across every the whole population 60 000 people from different walks of life and it has a really strong correlation to how they react to certain stimulus and I think that the government uses this quite a lot in order to win votes and so on so um hierarchy of needs people have probably seen this a lot from a guy called Maslow and uh when whenever we're on Instagram we're on there for one of these you know five reasons we're there for visual logical safety if we're in stress we might tend to our phones to find some sort of resolution and out of that we have awareness of the fact that we want some sort of like safety feeling we go to our phones we look at some content or we do go for something it's like in general terms or we want love and belonging self-esteem or self-actualized I mean one of the biggest things nowadays too is no one wants to sit and be bored so the second that you have instant free time uh you go straight to your phone and start scrolling yeah and that's actually you know one of those things that's like limbic Behavior limbic is like the Primal part of the brain and that's tied to the Red Zone which is like breathing food water sex sleep homeostasis homeostasis and excretion homeostasis is the key word there which is the body's need for balance and if you see the recent huberman posted with the Dr Anna lembiki how she mentioned not with him I saw nearly each one except for that one yeah exactly we were talking about it was uh how the brain wants um balance and how highs and lows are usually created in homeostasis is what we're seeking but if the balance tips one way it's gonna have to tip back the other way and this is why like if you have an extreme High when your brain comes back down you might have a low to get back to the balance point and it's constant teeter-totter back and forth yeah and I love talking about that but to go like deep into kind of like the people that came for the marketing yeah is this thing so I'm going to explain it quite quickly we have if you look at the the row that says ESD Triads we have three different sort of Triads we have the Primal Triad which is mainly in third world countries that are not developed and do not have access to technology and we have the median Triad which is most of the First World countries and then we have the soprano Triad I'm not going to talk about this internal Triad I'm going to talk about the median one because that's what has 80 of people in it so effectively whenever we create something it should be in mind for these people and those are people that look at the world in a hierarchical hierarchical way and the Blue Zone in a strategic way in the orange Zone and sort of in a bottom-up way in the green zone now what you do really well with all your feeling which is related to the to the black rose on the bottom which is like judgment or bureaucracy perfectionism authoritarianism nihilism Hedonism and inflation exploitation Etc you bring a question in that's like okay how do you flip the switch how do you go from the negative to the positive and that's what really brings people in and captivates them so of course like different people have different needs but in general a lot of people want to remove themselves from you know the negative aspects of their worldview and go to the positive which is what you bring them for that you know 15 30 seconds of time yep yeah the hook yeah the hook and so when you get granular in and want to actually combine that with something that's going to bring impact it's very important to bring that polarity so even the homeostatic effect that you were talking about if they're questioning a negative belief they need to find an equally opposite positive belief and then do that in a simplistic way that allows them to understand what steps they could possibly take and that's what also increases the videos that have the most shares are the ones that are usually the simplest because people can most of the time only Captivate like one concept of what one should do what one shouldn't do and so as soon as you bring more sort of complexity it becomes harder for people to digest it within that sort of small time frame you know what we've noticed with that is if we're doing something that's actually complex then they're only going to Target the people that directly make sense for so one of my clients Zach we were focused specifically on sales videos and he's some of his videos won't do huge numbers around sales but they might get a hundred thousand views because the algorithm is only going to push it to that percentage of people that will actually care and watch and learn from it but it's not going to reach the 80 of the world that say another video that's more motivational or actionable advice for life would help yeah and then that's bringing me to an interesting point which is that like later stages what we want to do is to bring things to humanity that helps them and you know that's sort of like egalitarian or sort of philanthropic sense but what happened there is that okay if you can Captivate you know the 80 of people what about that one percent of people that have the resources to actually provide better tools for those 80 and that's when you create those specialized types of contents like sales and very highly specified to you know complex problems and that's a really wonderful balance that you have between sort of macro and micro which is like they're way more people that would resonate with the simple videos compared to the complex videos you know would be pretty cool is to let you write a script and record it and send it and we make something and test it on our page and see if you with everything we're discussing today let you just do write whatever you want and try and crack the code based on what we're talking about it'd be cool to test it out yeah and I would say that doing this I would love to try that but doing this with my sales and going into sales meetings I just sit and stare at this thing for like three minutes before any call and then I just try to relate on the positive negative Spectrum on the on the bottom side of what are the things that these people are having interested in so I sort of gear my my my direction towards those things and I just make sure that I hit that on the nail right ahead in the meeting and really often I get how can you just read my mind or how do you know like what we want and so normally I just look at what doesn't work what I think doesn't work in a company and then I just read you know in each one of those lines and then I just look at the opposite and I pretty much figured it out what do they need they need a scientific proof to this method where they need like a capitalistic approach like they need to see the finances the numbers like the exact or it's just a material thing they want to have that as a status or they're just very rational they just want to get it done and so it's super interesting to use this and I'd love to try to see if uh you know what you just said there's interesting because the difference between working with a Creator and a business is the creators spending their own money and expecting a direct Roi the business has a budget and they're like okay you're coming to us with a new idea how can we integrate your new idea and benefit the company and maybe we don't necessarily have a direct Roi day one but on day 60 or day 90 is what you can do for us going to change how people view the information we're conveying are we putting something out there that isn't being a metric we're not going for virality we're only going to reach the thousand people that care about our product or our company and the thought process is two different creators think in Mass numbers virality conversions are Roi get back the money they're spending businesses they have a budget and that budget is not their money being spent it is allocated and needs to be spent and the people in control of the marketing positions are now discussing in a five or ten person team what is the best way to go about using these type of videos or how can we use these videos that will benefit our company yeah I see that a lot and you know the effort needed in order to actually just close a deal is more or less the same whether it's a Creator or a business and sometimes even easier for business for the exact reasons that you mentioned and you know I run a B2B advertising agency and it's very straightforward and so when we come in it's just like okay what is it that you need on your end okay objectivity strategy whatever it is like I literally use those exact same words and they pretty much bring the answer to the table super early on and then within like the first five to 15 minutes everyone's on board in the same like sort of boat and we sort of started rowing straight away we choose the vessel in which we row in from that moment on and so yeah I'd love to dive deeper into it but to sort of hit it back on video um we have seven senses that we use and part of that 50 versus 10 million thing earlier in the presentation is those seven senses so touch we're feeling things all the time proprioception body awareness of space time so on it's visual is our sight colors distance size textures auditory hearing vestibular balance taste and then smell so with video you only have access to four of these and you can actually layer them on top so if you're able to create either you know something visually striking in the first few seconds then like three five seconds later auditory some stimulating audio which I know that you guys do a lot is like this zoom in effect almost in like an auditory way that kind of pulls you in and then it creates almost like this uh Apple Vision Pro effect where it's like you're only seeing the animation now because of the audio cue and yeah then the body awareness about that it's just like you kind of like shrink in because it's so simplistic and a normal kind of black background it allows a person to feel like that's the only thing in their in their periphery it's extremely extremely strong yeah it's interesting too because you tested uh with no audio audio certain audio changing it up and you can change the entire Dynamic of a video with sound especially like one video we did recently um I was watching it back and I was like Let's uh put a heartbeat let's do a heartbeat in here because it makes sense when it discusses uh what was the line we become what we think about most of the time and that's The Strangest Secret and then this is why thinking is so vital with the word vital we've been putting a heartbeat animation so it gives you that like connection to vital Vitality to heart beating and it's fully Visual and auditory and a lot of the comments are like wow that heartbeat and it's like those little small details and that's like later in the video that then bring your attention back into the video that catch you that you normally wouldn't get in the first couple seconds so you grab them like you said um with the visual but then you bring them back into their attention at the auditory yeah yeah and um as I say with the touch aspect of this is it in a different thought process like yeah so I mean in terms of touch whether that's on the phone or if they're watching it on the laptop or if they're watching it on the screen most of the times it's on the phone so how do you change the relationship between the tactile feeling of them holding their phone and you know this is more about people that see your content more than once but the people that see your content for the first time and that's why I think you have that really that good retention is that they haven't seen something that cultivates the body awareness site and hearing in that way and so it literally changes their internal let's see here yeah you know it's interesting you say that because um we just I just did a video and um my buddies like dude that video did not feel like it was 35 seconds like I got lost in the video and it was over and I was like dude it's yeah do you see how long it is 35 seconds so good and it's uh like you almost forget okay you're holding your phone watching something I guess that touch aspect is forgetting that you're even watching something and it restarts yeah yeah you're not thinking about touching the scroll to the next thing because you've already scrolled landed on our video now you're stuck here and I'm you're watching it and then you don't even realize it restarts and now you're oh wow this is important you keep watching it yeah and you know this is also really important because whenever you create something you can run it through multiple layers so my whole thing about all this I know it's like like granular but my whole thing is create and then you can just try things out right put different filters on to different you know sounds but create and then view it in different lenses so for example view it from the lens of the physicality how will the person feel when they're holding their phone and watching this how they're how how will their emotions be that's it's what you just said is interesting because that's what Casey says to me is like you need to pretend you are creating for your ideal viewer and always think who on the other side of this video is watching and what are they gaining from it or how are you helping them or how easy is it following don't think oh this is very easy for me to understand think of someone that doesn't speak English and they're across the world and they're watching it do they understand it it's not about you at this point anymore it's about the people that are going to be impacted and see what you're making exactly and when it comes to content one key thing that I studied about movies and by reality of movies and how much people actually talk about movies is how much are people agreeing on the emotion they felt when they watched the movie and so like for example American History X everyone agrees on that movie like the same exact way and it's an incredible movie both in the visuals but in the dialogue and the emotions that you feel the synthetics everyone we're on the same roller coaster and that also really helps with virality in the long term because people can relate to each other and you've already like created community based on the the sensory stimulus and that is like a really strong long-term strategy is to really let a lot as Mo as much people as possible feel the same thing when they're watching your content and that's why it's a shared feeling across uh across the world like you and you can tell in the comments that a lot of people have the same shared feeling when you start seeing the same type of comment repetitively coming in um say something's going viral you'll look through and there's 50 comments that are almost identical like wow I need to hear this and that was so great or oh I I've heard this before but I didn't think of it like this and then you start having that Network effect like where you actually have probably like you said attacked the 80 percent that would be impacted by it but now it's actually impacting their feelings yeah and emotions I remember from from the Casey's daily days I mean you know you look down on comments it's the same comments more or less but from people all across the world I think that's a phenomena that we haven't seen that much of in the YouTube space in general but uh it happens and I think some people do it subconsciously which is what makes them genius but at the same time I think we're coming at this boiling point where we can break things down quite well and surely with the help of AI I mean I don't even know where things are going to go there yet but I know that you know people that create and put things out there needs to be aware of this in order to know where they're going with it and what they're going to Freedom out there in the world yep I agree it's almost starting to become a little bit more formulaic yeah emotions yeah and you know like we can't do anything about that it's kind of like how now did you watch Babylon I haven't yeah so that's that movie is pretty much is the culmination of meta of the meta of the meta it's like I don't think there was anything purely original in that movie other than just a rebate on all the movies that ever existed and then we have the other one everything everywhere all at once which is the same thing and several movies doing much of the same so we're hitting at that point now in time in history where we're pretty much just reviewing everything that that we knew from the past and then iterating on it because that's now a social consensus of okay what does it mean to be protagonist well okay now the protagonist is pretty much like all protagonists we've ever had all at once and we're gonna play a play on that and it's very formulaic at this point but I don't know where else we're going if not understanding with intent what we're going to create and put out there yeah I I haven't even like started thinking about what AI is going to be doing because it doesn't it still doesn't it feels very emotionless still and like you can use AI to create a base frame and then build off of it make it better yeah and you can ask AI to give you endless ideas but then you're still going to see that it needs to be refined or trained a lot more 100 and you know for me right now I use it as a filter or a revision filter really is I I build I build until I think it's done and then I might ask a few friends what they think and now I'll pull it through the filter and just see what the computer thinks and most times to something or like okay that's not super clear or maybe you can move on but most of the times yeah I mean the computer is built to right now to just revise it that's like its function so like revised human form and I think that there's a lot Lost in Translation at the end of the day but anyway it's going to be continuously growing but I think there will be a very strong distinction between human maiden and AI created either way for the next at least 50 years yes yeah you can almost tell too when people are writing tweets or creating things that are AI based yeah not always but it kind of sometimes stands out yeah yeah it does and the good thing is that you know you only have to walk you only have to catch them doing it once and you can just mute yep yeah yeah I still have more time I don't know if you have more time but you don't have time I have another 15 minutes okay do you want to break down that Dan video you had in your presentation do you want me to share the screen as well yeah I think that would be helpful so I'm curious I want to uninterrupted I want to hear your your analysis because that is the most that was the most successful video to date um to get to between Tick Tock and Instagram 40 or 45 million views sweet so when it comes to audio okay that's that one because I had a few ones on my download and I choose this one and I just need to refresh which audio you were using there so uh simplistic audio in this one so on the visual aspect here it's a contrary statement on the first text it's like if you don't have ideas okay then what when you see an expansion visually of a ball getting bigger drops down onto her book reads flips up opens up a rectangular shape fills in and it's a lot of like blinking polarity again read but can't articulate so another polarity and then the opposite again another polarity so if you have ideas and Clarity execute build and then expand and then again another polarity and then it folds into itself again so it's like pretty much what comes into my mind here is the combination of different parts coming together the process and cellular mitosis so cellular mitosis is when a cell divides in a healthy way and when it doesn't that's a cancer cell so um that's really what happens here it's 15 seconds long even though I paused and jump through it it feels like five seconds just because of how how monkey how my monkey brain just gets activated following the movement of this entire animation and that it implodes on itself and then expands so I see it in three different sections here you have a literate animation then you have figures and shapes which are very pleasing and then you have the growth element and complexity organized and coming together and then you have just like this expansive growth on top and I think that's why it works you know it has a nice Cadence it's like you know three six nine and then boom done yep you've also one thing we tested people and this is kind of a retention hack who came up with after testing is the split text makes people pissed off that they couldn't read or follow it so they watch it a second time because they liked what they heard and now they're like okay I kind of get it the first time and they watch it a second time like whoa now I get it and they watch it a third time and they're like okay combined everything together and then you have insane engagement and then they're sharing and tagging their friends or putting it in group chats and a lot of people that was the feedback we got with the split I personally moved away from the split now I actually don't like it um I think it I think that it uh is a bit distracting even like for my ADHD brain I'm like okay I get why it could work but I prefer like the more clean and simple one line of text above the animation so your eyes are actually looking at the animation but the peripheral is still reading the animation versus on the bottom it's very hard to watch the animation and still read the text and from testing that and seeing other people's see a lot of people who are doing it with the text on the bottom and on Instagram if the text is on the bottom now it's next to the username now it's next to the like button now it's next to the caption and then you're even more distracted away from the actual point of the video versus on the top your eyes are now focused Straight Ahead at your phone so if you're looking at your phone you're looking where almost the the time is normally on a phone yeah and you're not distracted by a caption you're not distracted by a like you're drawn completely in to read the text and watch the animation I think it has a lot to do with that decision as well also just that you are kind of using Seth godin's Purple Cow element which is most people put it as these subtitles on the bottom next to the name and then you put it on the opposite side which allows people to just break away from okay this content is not like the previous video I just saw like a half a second ago this is different so it's you're already breaking the flow too and I think that like in the whole scrolling element that there's a lot of things that happen in the first three seconds and almost every video that you create that breaks the flow of what other content might exist on the internet and even still people that create black and white animations now I've seen a few I haven't seen that much I prefer not to like watch the the second hand stuff but even at that level there's something about the way that you create the animations that has a really strong Cadence and I haven't tested this and I don't know if it's right but I think it has a lot to do with your athleticism because your brain is really you know like it fires at a certain pace and you're you're very you know switched on and peripheral is very important Cadence sequence is very important like Tempo and you know when you're on a bike you're going you know very fast I don't know how fast coordination it's quick thinking split seconds yes yep if you get bored you get you bail also and that's so let me tell you this rule that's like within and you might be able to you'll see it now forever is um trying to create a new scene every two seconds with the scene building so if you have an animation there might be a movement and then two seconds later it's an entire new animation with a movement and it's keeping this retention hacking through creating scenes within the story so you make a storyboard and you have a two second scene there's an animation at two second block and then you have the next set of text audio two second scene and it's continuously building these scenes that connect and build off each other yeah and consistency that's the consistency right there which triggers safety you have something consistent trigger safety oh it's throwing the brain and like all these twists and turns in a way where it's like the visuals are still now acting as a hook they're now acting as the conflict they're you're getting lost in the visual story paired with the audio yeah but it's funny because you could write the you could write an amazing script and have average visuals and it'll still do really good the script matters as much like the script is everything's built around the script and that's something um but the most psychological is actually the words you're saying um even tonality or how people speak in the recording but the biggest thing I think still is the um the scripting and what you're trying to convey and how can you convey it the least amount of words and make it the most impactful right and that's something I think everyone should work on in general oh I think everyone's trying to that's the biggest I mean if you're an insane copywriter like one of the best in the world I mean Rolex or Mercedes or BMW will pay you millions of dollars I mean I I if you go I tell people all the time like go on rolex's website or go on Mercedes and look at how they grab your attention with two words to explain a vehicle they'll use two words and they already have you drawn in by the the way that they've impaired that copy together and you'll scroll through it and you'll see how they use these triggering words that are when combining two words together it makes it so powerful but with one word it would be boring absolutely and when it comes down to the ego development theory if you were to conversely go on Toyotas or Mazda's website it's different words would not find the same words because they don't work with the same people correct it's two different audiences it's the 80 versus the one percent absolutely it's interesting when you're targeting different audiences how it splits the uh how the copy can change and now you're the second someone reads your copy they're already gone or the second they read your copy they're like oh this the Rolex is a good example they're selling this luxury timepiece that's Timeless and could potentially be an investment vehicle and you read their copy and you're like wow that copy is so strong but it's not going to resonate with everyone but the people that will resonate with will spend thousands of dollars hundred thousand dollars a year to own that watch yeah there it's it's you know there's a lot of people that do it well too in other I mean even if you're going like Costco or Walmart so simplified and it's made for the masses to go and buy in bulk or make it's just such a crazy like who you're targeting like you said it matters so much how you speak to them you know there's several tools as well where you figure out your demographic and then you just look at because Google has this tool or you can look at demographics and what they search you just look at different geographical points and look at what keywords they put into Google and you can also derive a lot from just looking at the literal words that people are using on Google and then you look at the postcode and you see like the average income household net net income and then you have pretty much like the words that those people use and it varies a lot from neighborhood even and I'm sure that even people that have lived in multiple neighborhoods can see that the words that people use in different places are not the same and they're very different yeah yep you know it's I can even tell um certain videos reach different regions now based on the concept um noticing that um if like the one of the scripts that's going viral is from this I think the quote was set in a thousand BC by um in Islamic or Muslim thought leader and it completely just like exploded into a region I've never hit before but it's like they're it's from their history and culture so it's impacted that subgroup of people more so than a different group that would have heard that quote before but like something they've heard for 200 300 000 years versus someone in America who might have just heard it for the first time scrolling social media yeah let me show you something real quick that is exactly about that point because I use that for I use that whenever we do any any deals so and it also helps battle myopia as well when you don't have the whole picture so it's the distribution of individuals in yeah India loves his education just like literally just like five times bigger than the us alone and yeah and they uh their tick tocks banned tick tock's banned there now so YouTube shorts and Instagram is heavily being used by India the algorithm definitely pushes they they're consuming a lot of the American educational content because you know there's leverage in the numbers yeah it's interesting we don't get China doesn't get Instagram or at least there's zero data uh coming about it I don't think they have it accessible yeah I haven't seen any like sort of Chinese Echo Chambers at least from my Instagram and from Chinese friend I have she says that on her Chinese Instagram the content is just wildly different you'll never see anything from the stage you know what's interesting too is um I recently switched to introducing some women voices and the percentage the count changed instantly um it went from 90 men 10 women to now 27 women in two videos and I really like Mel Robbins and she speaks a lot on social media and I've been trying to find more clips from her that are just really impactful because visualizing her I've seen it work um but I did one is like your social media is not for your friends doing exceptionally well but it's completely reaching a woman's audience more so than men's audience and it's changing the the flow in of followers is right now like two to one women to men compared to before it was all men and it's interesting because even on the comments a page reposted that video and all the a lot of the comments were no use man's voice like don't use women's voice so you know and then all the women are chiming in like this is amazing so it's interesting just how the tonality and voice changes your entire target market changes instantly and it would be very interesting to see if it would break Bridge the gender gap within a piece of content so you just can sort of have people converge and even you know push it up even further and yeah I think that's also what everything's culminating into when you know because you're going for for more for narrow subjects something else going for really wide subjects that just hit different very differently it's like Tim Grover is really male focused just the way he comes off and the way he talks yeah um yeah and then it's like the clip from a doctor on huberman was 50 50. so Anna she's talking about the balance of the brain and brain chemistry and Neuroscience and that hit both yeah I mean hopefully down the road we get some better Instagram analytics to be cool to get on video um analytics based on male or female in country like spy video um the videos that do the best almost have a one-to-one like to save ratio so uh for example the closer you can get on saves to likes it's gonna keep pushing same with um the share ratio will almost be 50 so if it has a hundred thousand likes it should have 50 000 shares and Instagram's just gonna keep pushing that because people are consuming and sharing it until it doesn't and even you know it's it's funny because we're talking about retention and now on some of these videos I have the data and like our most viral video right now it's pushing it's at 2.7 million views was posted on the fourth so six days it's has a seven second average watch time across 2.7 million people that's 5 800 hours in six days what is that 5800 times 241 days of watch time and that clip is 24 seconds but the average is seven which is huge if you think about it that means 2.7 million views the average viewer spent seven seconds watching that video yeah so for every three people that come across that they watched into our video correct no and that ratio there that ratio there which I've been watching is insane it's on 153 000 likes it's 78 000 saves and 65 000 shares so the save the shares is almost one to one what's the main concept of that video that was the watch your thoughts but this one has like a very subliminal message inside of it the way that's morphing the dots and changing your thoughts uh going from wide to like scattered tight which even that script was proven viral so that's the other thing too we've used even with Dan so the video you showed earlier of Dan that was a viral tweet and with Dan the reason why a lot of these videos did really good is he was pulling all the data from Twitter taking things that already went viral and then reformat those to be in a short digestible so like if you had a viral thread how could we turn that into a 15 to 20 second video or if you had a viral tweet okay how can you just change it a little bit record it and turn that into a video and the best performing Dan videos was all from viral Concepts which goes back into what you're talking about it's already proven as words so now pair it with a visual and audio and it should push even better that's the goal right there um dude I really appreciated this and I think that we should we should talk more let's uh simmer down on all this info and then figure out what the next combo can be and then regards of creating a video I think that I want to work with I want to work with a concert that I have in mind and I'll just push you some ideas and then we'll see where it goes from there yeah absolutely yeah if you want to write it out and message it to me or write a few out I'm totally open to creating something and seeing yeah be cool absolutely wonderful man I I gotta go to my next meeting now but yeah thank you really appreciated it and we'll we'll catch up in a minute yeah how do you say your last name hair doll yeah hear it all yeah it's uh from a guy that traversed the ocean the Atlantic in over 110 days but on a river raft boat and so that's the last name all right man uh well I'll talk to you sounds good have a good day see ya

  Top Comments:
  1. @DannyMiranda [1 likes]: So much game in this
  2. @nia17-i2z [1 likes]: So much respect for Hunter
  3. @kp5ive-temp [1 likes]: Going to go back and watch it again, but first round was packed with info. Thanks!
  4. @johnheyerdal [1 likes]: 🤝🏾
  5. @LILDOMSWORLD: Amazing presentation!!
  6. @vilhain7119: How do you learn to edit the content you've been making on Reels? What program do u guys use? How do you learn it?
  7. @natenkgwn: gems

- NAEHS Council Meeting - Open Session - March 18, 2026 (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en Morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us for this NIEHS Council meeting. I am Kyle Walsh. I will have introduced myself to many of you already, but for purposes of this, it's great to be here. I joined NIEHS in October, and so this will be my my first council meeting with you all. Really excited to share with you setting updates about what we're doing, and also really enthusiastic to get your feedback on how we can improve operations. So I want to start with the important things in the important red text. So pursuant to the government in the Sunshine Act, all aspects of this meeting are open to the public except the review, discussion and evaluation of grant applications and related information. So we're all clear with that. And we are recording and we'll be ready to go. So David's going to help lead us in some introductions. And then I'm going to start with a presentation. I'm going to do my best. We have a lot of slides and a lot of content and a lot of exciting updates to share. But I'd like to reserve, you know, at least about 10 to 15 minutes for some questions at the end. And so as we're moving through things, if you think of questions, maybe make a mental note of that and we can roll right into that when we continue through. So I'd like to get this show on the road. And so David, can we do attendance and some introductions? Yes. We'll start with letting the council members introduce themselves. And I'll just go down in alphabetical order. So and let Doctor Cormier if you'd like to introduce yourself. Sure. Good morning. My name is Steph Cormier. I'm from the Louisiana State University and I am involved in the council, and I have been studying early effects on children for over 25 years. Specifically, we study environmental pollutants known as environmentally persistent free radicals, which are found in Superfund sites, and I study the intersection of those pollutants with respiratory viruses. Infants are my thing. Thank you doctor. Morning, everyone. I'm Olivier Deschenes, and I'm a professor of economics at University of California, Santa Barbara. I can report. Great to see you this morning. I haven't seen the sun quite yet. In my research is on the health effects of environmental policy and environmental factors. Great to be with all of you here today. Thank you Olivier. Doctor Greenamyre. Hi, I'm Tim Greenamyre at the University of Pittsburgh. I'm a neurologist and neuroscientist, and mostly I studied gene environment interactions in neurodegeneration. And you win the backdrop award today I think. Doctor Hood. Hello. Yes, Tim. Quite nice. Darryl Hood, professor at the Ohio State University. I am an environmental public health neurotoxicologist, co-architect of the public health expose on framework, which falls under the Exposomics umbrella. Glad to be here. Thank you. Darryl. Doctor. Hornbuckle. I'm Keri Hornbuckle. I'm a professor of civil and environmental engineering at the University of Iowa. My research concerns air toxics, especially emissions from building materials and remediation of older buildings. I'm also the director for the Iowa Superfund Research Program. Nice to see you all. Keri Doctor. Hoyo. Yes, I'm Catherine Hoyo, I'm an epidemiologist. I'm a professor in the Department of Biological Sciences at NC state. I study epigenetic responses to environmental pollutants throughout the life course. Doctor Mutlu Good morning everyone. Good. Good to be here today. I'm a pulmonary and critical care physician. I'm a professor of medicine and the chief of the Section of Pulmonary and Critical Care at the University of Chicago. My research focuses on understanding the mechanisms by which particulate matter air pollution causes cardiopulmonary disease, with a specific interest in the role of alveolar macrophages. Thank you, Gökhan And last but not least, of our full council members. Ms Savasta-Kennedy Hi there. I'm Maria Savasta-Kennedy I'm a clinical professor of law at UNC’s School of Law, where I teach environmental courses, including environmental justice. I'm the author of North Carolina's Environmental Practice Guide, and my students and I are looking at well water contamination in North Carolina. Almost a third of the folks here on well water, and it's a particular problem in the rural areas. Good to see you all as one of those people on well water. I thank you for your work. And we do have three ex-officio members representing other federal agencies to the council. So the first is Yulia Carroll Yulia, would you like to introduce yourself? I am representing the centers for disease. Your audio is very, very quiet. Yeah, I'm representing the centers for Control Disease and Prevention. Can you hear me now? Yes we can. Okay, great. Yes. I'm the associate director for science at the Division for Environmental Health, science and Practice. And Doctor Fitzpatrick from the FDA. Yes. Suzie Fitzpatrick from the FDA human foods program. I work on a regulatory toxicologist working on new approach methods. And co-chairing ICCVAM, which is was will be under NIEHS. And we'll be going somewhere else soon, Nice to be here. And thank you for the invitation. Thank you Suzie. We have an ex officio from EPA who I don't believe is on yet. Maureen Gwinn are you on? Join us later. I think she was planning on joining today. Yes. I'm still trying to connect. Sorry, David. I'm still trying to connect with her. Okay, thanks. We do have one council member who is unable to join us today. That is Doctor Patricia Nez Henderson. She's a public member of council, so she. She was unavailable today. Next, I'll move on to members of the NIEHS senior leadership to introduce themselves. And we'll start with Doctor Archer. I'm Trevor Archer, the deputy director here at NIEHS. I'm a biochemist by training with interest in environmental impacts on gene expression and epigenetics. It's good to have you here and thanks again for doing this. We really appreciate it. Trevor and Ms Mathis. Good morning everyone. I'm J’Ingrid Mathis. I'm the associate director for management and the executive officer overseeing business operations and scientific support services. Thanks for joining. Thank you, J. And then I'll also send regards for Doctors Zeldin, Fessler and Patisaul. They are all at an important meeting in Bethesda this morning and unable to join council today. But we do have representation from our intramural divisions on council normally. So with that, I think I get to move on to my fun bits of the meeting. So we'll start with some some zoom etiquette. So the members of the the senior leadership and council are all on a teams meeting, but the rest of the the participants are participating through the webcast. The participants in the webcast do not have the opportunity to to raise their hand and speak. But if you have important feedback to share with us, please send an email to the the NIEHS website or email address that is National Advisory Council at. Gov. And we will be monitoring that email address throughout the meeting to share any feedback from the public. For those members on the teams, please remember to keep your microphone muted unless you are called upon to speak. We are encouraging you to use the raise hand function to be acknowledged. Kyle and I will be monitoring that, and we'll call on you to to speak as you raise your hand. For bandwidth purposes, it's helpful to keep your video turned off. A reminder that we will have a break this morning. And during that time, please turn your microphone and and video off during the break. If you are on VPN, you may want to turn that off to preserve bound bandwidth for council members. In the closed session, we may need to have sent you from the meeting briefly for any conflict of interest reasons. To do that, we will place you into a waiting room in the team, so you do not need to leave the teams meeting. We'll place you into the waiting room, have the discussion, and when we are completed done with that discussion, we'll bring you back into the teams We won't need to do that during the open session. We will be taking some votes both in the open and in the closed session. That voting will be conducted using the Electronic Council book. If there are any technical difficulties, we think we've gotten all of those worked out. But if there are. We'll resort to the old fashioned raise hand voting in the teams. But hopefully the ECB will work. I will prompt you in my presentation when we're getting ready for the vote, to to log back into the Electronic Council book. You do have access to both Kyle's slides and mine in the ECB, or you should have access to that. Next I get to read my fun boilerplate language addressing the review of confidentiality and conflict of interest. And I read from the quote, policies and procedures for preventing conflict of interest and confidentiality of grant materials are contained in the conflict of interest forms emailed to you by Miss Valerie Bartlett that states. This certifies that in the review of applications or projects conducted by the National Advisory Environmental Health Sciences Council on today's date, I centered myself and I did not participate in the discussion of, nor vote on any applications or projects in which I, or to my knowledge, my spouse, minor child, or close professional associates have a financial interest, nor on any applications or projects from an organization or institution where I am an employee, consultant, officer, director or trustee of negotiating for employment or otherwise have a financial interest in council actions in which we voted on a block of applications or projects without discussing any individual one. The on block actions. My vote did not apply to any applications from any institution fulfilling the criteria in the preceding paragraph. Membership signed the certification and email that back to to Valerie today if you have not already done so. Marine Gwyn has joined us. Maureen, if you would like to introduce yourself. Yes, I'd be happy to. Can you hear me? Yes we can. Okay, great. Sorry. Sorry to be late. I was on the phone and it wouldn't let me unmute. I am Maureen Gwynn. I am here as ex-officio member representing the Environmental Protection Agency. I am the acting associate administrator for the Office of Applied Science and Environmental Solutions and the office of the administrator at the EPA. Happy to be here. Sorry that I was running from one other meeting and I'm a little bit late, so thank you very much. No worries, Maureen, we're glad to have you on. Thanks. So next item of business for council is the consideration of the the minutes for our October meeting, which was held in September of 2025. Council members have been given access to the meeting minutes from our last meeting in September 2025. In the Electronic Council book, the meeting minutes can be found on the The Council Information page on the agenda tab. If you scroll down below the agenda itself, I hope that council members have had an opportunity to review the minutes. And is there any discussion from from Council of the minutes? If not, may I call for a motion to approve the minutes? So so moved. That was Darryl Hood as a primary and I didn't catch you. The other one speaking was so do I have a second of the motion Tim Greenamyre Okay. Thanks, Jim. And if I can then call for for a vote, please vote in the Electronic Council book on to approve the minutes, disapprove the minutes, or abstain. Valerie Ashley, if you could, let me know. And we have. Do you see the votes? Yet? I'm still looking. I'm sorry. I'm having trouble figuring out how to vote. I can see the minutes, but I'm sorry. I can't see where the voting. Oh, same. Same here. There's no place to vote. You click on the the. Yes, and the little arrow will indicate that you voted yes. Oh, God. Thank you. Did that work? For this one? I'm not seeing the votes, Valerie. Yes, but I can't I can't select. Yes. You can't select. Okay, let's just do a hand function for minutes and then we can try again with the sap because I can't see the voting for that. So all in favor please use the raise hand function to raise your hand please. Looks like that is quorum to approve. Are there any no votes? Assuming that those five hands are legacies. No votes, no no votes, no abstentions. So then we can move on. And, Kyle, I think that you are up to give your presentation. All right. Get this in presenter mode for us. So this is our official report to you. And I did kind of a brief introduction of myself. I wanted to put in an introductory slide. It got very weird putting bullet points in about me and where I've been. So I used some AI and created a map for you. So as a brief introduction, I did my undergraduate degrees in Molecular Genetics and Physical anthropology at Ohio State. I did doctoral work in chronic disease epidemiology at Yale, where I completed my PhD at the Yale School of Public Health. I did a postdoc that was jointly between UCSF and UC Berkeley, and eventually joined the faculty in the Department of Neurosurgery and the Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics at UCSF, where I ran a lab focused on largely brain tumor and cancer etiology. So childhood leukemias, malignant gliomas, and adults. We had both a computational research space as well as, you know, did animal modeling, in vitro modeling, etc.. And so really was working to kind of bring together both the sort of classic epi and nested cohorts and case control studies, work with doing functional genetics and functional toxicology work in the laboratory. About eight years ago, I came to Duke, where I was a professor in the Department of Neurosurgery, Pediatrics and Population Health Sciences. I led our division of neuro epidemiology as well as working within our cancer center. Whereas the co-leader of the neuro oncology program at Duke, I also worked a lot with the Alzheimer's Disease Center, and I led the R 25 research training grant for our Duke and Unk Alzheimer's Disease Research Center that was a P30 funded by Nia. And as you know, in October, I didn't have to move very far. And I now get the immense privilege of coming to work every day at NIEHS. And so it's been a really wonderful transition, and I think things have gone quite smoothly. And a great deal of that is due to the incredible support of our extramural director, David, all of the staff, as well as our intramural folks, and Jay Mathis, who's also on this call and has really been a cornerstone of all of the sort of management pieces for a a research institution that has more than a thousand employees between our federal employees and our contractors. And so it's been wonderful, and I've really enjoyed it and enjoyed getting to go out and meet with folks from the Superfund research program. I'm going to be out at the Society of Toxicology meeting shortly. And and just getting to know all the folks who both work with NIEHS funding, but who do, you know, incredible research that really moves the needle and pushes forward fantastic innovations that we also leverage here in the intramural program and in ICS, really NIH wide. So I will move directly to some fun budget stuff. So this is an overview of funding summaries from 2023 to 2026, the sort of only thing that I want to sort of draw your attention to here is that with what the fiscal year 2026 enacted budget that was passed by Congress is, is it essentially is putting us at more or less a flat budget year over year. For the past three years, there was some discussion around potentially seeing reduced funding for our Superfund allocation that, as you recall, does not come from the HHS and labor allocation, but rather from the environment and interior allocation. And that, you know, was down a couple million dollars. But again, mostly in in a flat funding landscape at this time. So I thought it'd be helpful to talk a little bit about what's going on in terms of sort of HHS wide and then how that is being enacted both at the National Institutes of Health as well as what we're doing here at NIEHS. And so the Make America Healthy Again Commission was assembled to advise the president on the chronic disease crisis, particularly among children. They have identified deliverables last year. So initially, there was an assessment report looking at the scope and the drivers of this chronic disease crisis, followed by a federal policy roadmap that's looking toward prevention of this, of these diseases, particularly through alterations in regulation, which is, you know, more of an EPA and CDC and outside of the NIH framework. But as well as having these be really heavily research informed, which, of course, is certainly our wheelhouse here. The composition of this commission is, you know, it's it's a multi-agency federal leadership involvement. So at HHS, there's extensive representation from NIH, from FDA, as well as from CDC. And then outside of HHS, the USDA, the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as the Department of Education and others are extremely heavily involved. And ultimately, you know, the goal here, I think, is a goal that everyone can get behind, which is to transform our health systems to both prevent and reverse chronic diseases, particularly chronic diseases of childhood. So in the commission report identifying major drivers of childhood chronic disease, this won't be news for anyone who is NIEHS adjacent. And members of council are certainly much more than adjacent. They are deeply integrated and involved. But, you know, these major drivers that were identified and discussed was particularly poor diet with a focus on ultra processed foods and high sugar foods, sedentary and stressful lifestyles, including, you know, increase in screen time, both television computers, mobile phones and related sleep deficits that come from some of that. And then, you know, environmental chemical exposures, right, was was really the third piece of this. And so, you know, this includes everything from, you know, herbicides and pesticides to micro nano plastics to, you know, dioxins and other chemicals. And so this figure here, which is actually included in the report, highlights some of those particular areas of concern. And as you know, I don't think we need to go through them all in in detail. But I think you can appreciate that. Yeah. You know, heavy metals, air pollutants, pesticides and herbicides. Herbicides. IDC's right. These are really places where NIEHS has and will continue to focus a great deal of our of our research enterprise. So the strategic framework is, is not just looking at what the problem is, but really focused on reforming that. And so reforming this from the perspective of food, of health and scientific systems that can identify what the underlying root causes of the chronic disease epidemic. And so, you know, as an epidemiologist by training and, you know, I'm very, very pleased with this idea of, you know, wanting to get to etiology. And, of course, you know, we're all aware that the etiology can sort of be it's obviously multifactorial, right. And it's going to be really important that we critically evaluate, you know, the relative contributions as well as the interactions and how these things are modified by environmental contaminants, their effects being modified by diet, behavior and nutrition, genetics, all of these things. And so HHS has essentially mandated what will be an initiative on chronic disease to leverage and align both our existing NIH research projects and really to improve coordination on chronic disease research with the ultimate goal of generating actionable results. And so that's a priority. And a highlight here is that this is, you know, really that research to action paradigm. And a lot of the work that both our intramural extramural community at NIEHS do in terms of community engagement and those things really positions us nicely for this opportunity to to really move research to action. So how are we managing all of the sort of things that have been highlighted and assigned and worked upon? So, as you all know, Doctor Woychik has now moved from being the NIEHS and National Toxicology Program Director to being a senior advisor in the office of the director. And so he's a senior advisor to Doctor Bhattacharya at NIH, really advising and helping coordinate and strategize around NIH’s Make America Healthy Again strategy. So really looking to advance an agenda that unites research and innovation across institutes and centers and partners with our other federal partners, including the EPA and the CDC and others looking to identify root causes of chronic diseases, strengthen the nation's health resilience. And there's a large contingent and component of this that's really focused on data driven prevention strategies and data harmonization across institutes and centers and agencies. Because, you know, again, everybody has sort of components of the full picture. And so it's going to be really an important data initiative to to bring all of those components together for a unified research strategy. So ultimately, you know, I think that we see this as a really incredible opportunity for Nees, both in terms of a scientific opportunity and a leadership opportunity for the Institute to align with this high profile national initiative. And, you know, really wonderfully the strategic plan that was published in 2025 is already just incredibly well aligned with Make America Healthy Again priorities. And so it's going to be, I think, a great opportunity for NIEHS and NIEHS funded investigators, as well as our intramural folks, to really be sort of top level contributors to this, this high profile initiative that I think we can really all get behind. I just wanted to provide an example of how we are sort of leveraging these opportunities. So there has been a recent investment in farm modernization and food supply security. This was announced jointly by the EPA, USDA, and HHS about three weeks ago on a Friday. And so what they announced is a coordinated federal strategy with a little more than $1 billion in investments to modernize agriculture, strengthen long term food supply and security, and to understand sort of major related health issues that can be, you know, linked and or inextricably linked, really, from our food supply. And so major priorities that have come through that we will be working with NIH and the office of the director toward involve better understanding risks of agricultural chemicals to humans, expanded investments in regenerative and sustainable agricultural practices. That'll be the USDA side of things, and accelerating innovation and agricultural technology and farm modernization, which is going to be sort of jointly Arpa h and the Environmental Protection Agency. And so for us, you know, agricultural and chemical exposures and their health effects, you know, aligns incredibly well with work that we've already done with work that's ongoing, with work that we want to continue doing. And, you know, this additionally ties into, you know, occupational exposures, including impacts on agricultural workers and rural communities. And so there's a of this billion dollars is a $100 million that will be NIH separate from the Arpa piece, which is a different $100 million pot that will be supporting work in this arena. So from the strategic plan and and others, these are our continued areas of research emphasis. And I just thought that this graphic could be, you know, a nice way. We're not going to go through each piece, but we'll use it to highlight some things we're excited to to talk about and share. So the exposed zone, right? Rick was a major driver of, you know, pushing forward exosome research. And I think that that's just fantastic. I of course, am incredibly aligned with that. You know, I trained in the lab that did the first genome wide association study. And so anytime you can move from looking at 1 or 2 things to looking at, you know, thousands or tens of thousands of things, as long as you are powered to do so and, you know, interested in doing functional follow up? I think, you know, it's a great opportunity for, you know, really disentangling these effects, especially when we think about things like chemical mixtures and, you know, places where effects are not attributable to a single compound, a single toxicant working in isolation. So highlights from our network for exosomes in the United States. So nexus, the center for Research Coordination that has been funded through a U20 four mechanism, has been doing incredible work catalyzing integration of exposure data across both molecular, clinical and population level research has been working to disseminate standardized analytical and computational methods, really supporting data science that will lead to reproducible expose and wide association studies. And I think this is incredibly important. Again, not to like belabor the point, but I remember, you know, 12, 12 years of my life where nobody could agree, like how to control for population stratification in a study or what the sort of p value threshold would be. And, you know, we eventually got there and you get to a community of science understanding, but this framework is really going to be a nice way to accelerate that and solicit buy in from, you know, all of the partners in this space. So establishing infrastructure training programs and community engagement platforms has been a major focus. And, you know, I think that this is really building on success of other projects and programs that NIEHS has supported, including CHEAR and more recently, the HHEAR program, to provide access access to state of the art exposure assessment technologies and data resources. There's a wanted to give a couple of accomplishments from the hub advancements, so the bio analytics side hub has launched their expose of Research Coordination Survey. More than 165 labs have participated in the survey to define what they would consider to be scalable, analytic and computational infrastructure approaches for doing exosomes in a harmonized way so that people trust what other labs are doing, but also so that things like meta analyzes can be better performed. Right. There's a geospatial sciences hub because again, in addition to, you know, exosomes is the full breadth of exposures, right? And so while some of this work is very much looking at LC and GCMS approaches to plasma or Serra, right. A lot of this is also looking at structural factors around, you know, neighborhoods and these things as well as, you know, weather and climate and, you know, wildland forest fires and things like that, which we'll talk about in a couple of slides. And so, you know, I think that the productivity of this network has been really fantastic. And I think it's positioning NIEHS to be able to fund research moving forward. That will be, you know, really the top of the top of the line sort of reproducible scientific work in this space. I need to advance. There we go. And just wanted to mention that several of us will be attending and participating in the Global Expose Summit that's been organized by Ion. And so, again, you know, getting thought leaders together and, you know, really working to follow up to the exposure of Moonshot Forum to accelerate collaboration, shared resource development, and to do that both domestically as well as with our partners internationally. Moving on. I'd like to briefly give an update on our Hew program, Health Effects of Extreme Weather. So the strategic framework around this program has been published and has five goals. So this is understanding health outcomes of exposures that are associated with extreme weather and weather related natural disasters, assessing short and long term health risks across the lifespan and among populations who may be at heightened risk for harm. Developing evidence based interventions to reduce reduce the health impacts and to improve the quality of life for individuals and populations. Maintaining an infrastructure to encourage community engagement, research, connectivity and data sharing, and providing training and capacity building for researchers in various disciplines, both in the extramural space where the Hub program funds, you know, training grants like FS and KS, as well as in the intramural space where we have the intramural component of our of our Hew work. That has been really successful in getting individuals who are researchers at other institutes, largely to think about how the health effects of extreme weather might sort of intertwine with the work that they're already doing, so that they can continue doing their work, but view it through this important lens. And so that's been a really fantastic way to engage more researchers with this. Right? Not necessarily trying to build researchers who are extreme weather researchers exclusively, but rather to get everyone who's doing important biomedical research to consider how their work might be influenced by this, you know, portfolio of exposures. So the scope of the Hugh program currently, and based on what has and will continue to be funded, I was looking at air pollution that's influenced by weather or by disasters. Again, you know, this can in particular be things like wildland forest fires, right? Changing incidents of water vector, waterborne, vector borne and weather driven infectious diseases, drought, flooding, really fantastic work around, you know, mold that will sort of take root and grow in homes and maybe sort of unknown and under the radar in following, you know, the the following floods, receding, right, harmful algal blooms, you know, snowpack loss and as we said, wildfires. And so this has really been a tremendous program that's, you know, really prioritizing multidisciplinary research as well as global collaboration. And so the NIEHS director is partnered with the Peter Marks who's leading the Fogarty Center, which again is focused on sort of global health research really, you know, sort of joining those two things together to protect individuals from extreme weather through exposure research, risk assessment, intervention science, and of course, training and research infrastructure and data sharing. We had a recent Hew executive committee retreat. Earlier in March. I thought that this went extremely well. We had the director or acting director from eight, I believe, different NIH ICS, they're participating, and some of the key themes that came out were strengthening the workforce in this area, supporting that next generation of environmental health scientists who are interested in in this space, data resources. So expanding infrastructure and platforms that can better support integration of environmental exposure data with health data and population data and then, you know, make America Healthy again. Related topics around wildfires and environmental disasters, other emerging environmental health threats, and one that I'd want to highlight, which is life span and life course studies. And so, you know, some of these, these data sets that have been put together by Cafe, which is the sort of data coordinating lead extramural program site. You know, I think many of those data sets are sort of ready, shovel ready for looking at things on a maybe one year timeline. So things that are kind of acute, like survival after an incident. Am I right? And so what we really want to see and what was came out of this committee retreat, was improving those data resources so that we can look at things like, you know, what is the association of these, you know, health and extreme weather factors on the incidence of various longer term chronic diseases, right. Because, you know, if it's a if you're trying to look at a cancer that has a seven year latency period, right, it's going to be a different sort of expanse of data that one needs. And so these are priorities for us moving forward. Just wanted to give an update of how we're thinking about environmental health disparities under the sort of new NIH portfolio for this. And so this is really representing kind of a shift to solution oriented approaches. So advancing beyond documenting disparities more towards, you know, delivery, right. Implementing scalable and evidence based solutions, prioritizing interventions that can produce measurable health improvements, and really emphasizing translation implementation and public health impact. Again, this all aligns very well with the NIEHS strategic plan. So things like identifying environmental drivers of disproportionate disease burden exposures that may be higher in a population than in other groups and may underlie, differences in disease incidents or, you know, difference in disease outcomes. Advancing prevention strategies, particularly those informed by mechanistic science and supporting ongoing community engaged research and translational implementation, that translation into effective real world solutions. And so, you know, this is an area that I think we are continuing to be engaged in and work toward and funding grants in. And I think that, you know, really what we want is not just sort of documenting disparities, but but coming up with solutions or coming up with mechanisms that are really underlying those. I wanted to also highlight some work that was done, both intramural and then with our extramural team to put together an OTA. So you all recall the East Palestine train derailment, where you know, a great deal of beetle acrylate and vinyl chloride and other things were drained out of an overturned train and ultimately burned. So, you know, this presents a complex disaster response scenario because you're dealing with mixtures with multiple exposure routes, dermal and airborne, and in the water supply, potentially. And so the National Toxicology Program Group and our Division of Translational Toxicology work to put together a framework for rapidly reviewing, summarizing authoritative literature, doing a rapid scoping review to really identify known health outcomes and evidence gaps for chemicals that were part of the spill, to help inform disaster research and to better communicate health information to affected communities. And now, you know, developing this framework took time. And so some of this work has informed the extramural research that's going on in this space. But I think it also really creates a tremendous framework because, you know, hopefully something like this doesn't happen again. But of course, we know that that these things do occur in the United States and elsewhere. And so being sort of prepared to be maximally responsive is where we want to be. So I wanted to again highlight the trained around health research program. So NIH through NIEHS is funding a five year longitudinal health study that is anchored in a permanent community office in East Palestine, Ohio. It's led by investigators at the University of Kentucky, partnering with folks at Pittsburgh and Yale. And it really serves as a hub for participant enrollment, research coordination. And, you know, it's honestly just one of the best examples of community engaged research that I've seen. And so I was fortunate enough to go out there for the grand opening. Doctor hood, you should be in this picture. And I think they did you dirty and cut you out. But Darrell was was like right over at the edge of that. That's quite high. Right on the right. Okay. But you know, I think it, I think it was, you know, one of the more satisfying things I've had the opportunity to be involved with and seeing this kick off and, you know, the community was, you know, they have concerns, they have questions, they have distrust. And so having this sort of embedded research office that is led by the extramural community and not the federal government, I think is a really important decision strategically that I think will drive much better research engagement and ultimately, hopefully improve health and outcomes for these folks. And, and and, you know, again, it's looking very broadly because we don't sort of know what, if any, health effects there will be. But, you know, things need to focus on, you know, the liver and reproductive health and children, but also the elderly and, you know, mental health, you know, and stress responses. you know, it's sort of broad in that way, but I think intentionally so, and it's going to be really an important investment for us to, to support this work. Also wanted to provide some brief highlights on our common fund work. So just as sort of introduction, you know, the NIH Common Fund makes, you know, very strategic investments and time limited and goal driven programs that can ultimately really change the trajectory of biomedical research, advancing areas of both biomedical and behavioral research that are important to the missions of multiple institutes and centers within the NIH, as well as to the extramural community. this is really an approach to drive innovation and spur advances that might not be possible without a strategic investment. You know, something that's perhaps a little broader than than what an individual IC might be able to do on its own. So you may or may not have heard, but our R&D program has been approved for common fund funding. And so this is a partnership between NIEHS and NHGRI. And also thanks to fantastic leadership from my Deputy director, Doctor Trevor Archer, who really spearheaded getting this up and off the ground and ultimately now getting it approved. So the No Mix program looks to develop really an essential toolkit for characterization and measurement of the Ram. So we're talking about modifications of of RNA. And so fostering a supportive infrastructure for for groundbreaking research. You think about, you know, kind of going from genomics and the genomics revolution, right. To all the work in epigenetics and really, you know, in the like DNA to RNA to protein space, we've not had, you know, this sort of concerted effort on looking at sort of epigenetics and alterations, modifications to RNA. So the Mix program is seeking to develop essentially, you know, a toolkit for characterizing and studying the human GNOME. So this is DNA, sorry, RNA sequencing technology, computational tools, molecular standards, as well as a coordinating center for benchmarking and standardization. And you know, I think the time is right for this. It follows on a nascent report a couple of years ago about the gnome. I think it also aligns with advances in technologies for doing direct RNA sequencing and as well as longer read sequencing. And so I think the technology and the research interests have kind of come together at a juncture in time that we are going to be standing ready to address, looking to ultimately, develop RNA based clinical biomarkers or a targeted therapeutics, and to understand what the environmental impacts are on the Ram. Because we know a great deal about certainly not enough, but a great deal about environmental exposures and their influences on, you know, genetic changes and jean toxicity, as well as epigenetic changes, DNA methylation and chromatin changes. But looking at this in the space of RNA modifications will be really a new frontier that we're we're enthusiastic about. The other one that I wanted to highlight is the complementary program. So this is complementing animal research in experimentation or in experiments. So the objective here is to catalyze the development, standardization and validation of names of new approach methodologies that can ultimately transform how we do research. So we want to better model and understand human health and disease outcomes across populations. Develop names that provide insight into specific biological processes or disease states. Validate and mature. Validate our mature names to support regulatory use. And I'll mention that a little bit more on the next slide. And, you know, ultimately complement traditional animal models that can make biomedical research more efficient and ultimately more effective. So this is a partnership between NIEHS and Cats. So there are several components here. So there's a NAMs data hub and coordinating center that needs will be leading. So this is the central hub for program coordination data collection curation management and standardization. There will be funded technology development centers as well as NIH Challenge Awards that will provide data into the data hub and coordinating center. And then that group is going to coordinate with the validation and qualification network, which ultimately is working to, you know, take what is a potentially extremely useful Nam model for research and do the work that needs to be done to have it be something that might ultimately be accepted by our regulatory partners at FDA or EPA. And so that's going to be operating through a public private partnership. The VCN is, which is being managed by the Foundation for NIH. I think I shall move on. So also wanted to highlight, you know, some of the fantastic stuff that's going on here that we are really excited about and give a couple of shout outs. So we had our knees. Awards and honors ceremony for our mentee of the year, our fellow of the year, and our mentor of the year. And so that was Jennifer ish, who was our NIEHS fellow of the year. She works with Lexie White and is working largely within the sister study, but on breast cancer epidemiology and molecular epidemiology. And Jessie from our neurobehavioral core. And so we just congratulate these two. And it was a really strong slate of of nominees. And so we're excited to see, you know, not just fellows who are going to go on to, I think be future leaders in this field. But to have our intramural program really supporting the mentorship of these folks and to be able to recognize that. So. A few more awards and honors from our intramural program, I'll sort of let you just read through those. One that I did want to specifically highlight is Lisa Rider, who won the American Medical Association's Nathan Davis Award for a physician working in the government space to to do really fantastic work. So she works at our NIH Clinical Center and is an NIEHS investigator who's actually one of the handful that are not here with a duty station at NIEHS in Durham. And she's working at the Clinical Center in Bethesda and just doing amazing, amazing work around myositis and other sort of autoimmune and musculoskeletal disorders. Also wanted to note that we had the first annual. So I guess it's going to happen again, because it was called the first annual HHS National Conference on Women's Health. So this is sponsored by the Office of Women's Health at HHS. And so I was asked to speak. And so what I decided to do was moderate a panel. And so Natalie Shaw from our intramural program joined us, as well as Susan Sumner, who many of you may know, who's at the Unk Kannapolis campus and directed one of our here sites for many years, joined us to talk about, you know, precision nutrition for public Health, Exposed and Natalie's work, which is really exciting looking at ovulatory and ovulatory cycles in girls during adolescence and really helped us to sort of frame our section of this conference on the idea that women's health begins with girls health. And so oh, and we were fortunate enough to have the second lady come and introduce our session. And so I thought that was really wonderful. We had initially been slated for Friday, and we're actually moved to Thursday morning, because just the enthusiasm around environmental health research was so strong that they really made a wonderful effort that we greatly appreciated to highlight that type of work for this audience. I wanted to take a moment to recognize Bruce Hammack. So I'm imagine almost all of, you know, Bruce or really prolific scientist, gifted teacher, and, you know, a collaborator who, you know, I think has been really one of the, you know, from what I can tell. And here and all of the stories that I get told, it was just really a marquee collaborator and made collaboration easy and fun and rewarding for everyone that he partnered with. And so Bruce passed away and we wanted to take a moment and celebrate him and his life. He did also direct our first NIEHS Superfund Basic Research program during his time at UC Davis. And so just take a moment there and remember, Bruce. we're going to move to questions here shortly. I think I'm actually doing pretty well keeping time. I'm proud of myself. So the NIH wide strategic plan for the next period, for fiscal years 2027 to 2031 is in development. So NIH is in the process of developing this strategic plan. They'll be seeking input from the public. Actually, I believe that the notice and portal for this may have gone live yesterday. We can follow up with information on that. But the leadership at NIH is going to be introducing the process for developing this next NIH wide strategic plan outlining, you know, a sort of high level framework and answering questions. So there's a meeting scheduled for this on April 8th. So I just wanted to let everybody know that this is happening and really encourage you to participate because, you know, it sets the stage, right. It sets the stage for for what we're going to be looking at and looking to do moving forward on a, you know, NIH wide scale. So we're going to go ahead and do some questions. We don't have to do these specific ones. But you know, if nobody has questions which I suspect is probably not the case, I have some ideas of things to get the topics going, but things that I'm interested in, as you know, the director here for the last five months are, you know, hearing about some emerging research areas or technologies that you think will move environmental health sciences forward in the coming years? How you see our mission and strategic plan advancing the goal of identifying underlying causes of chronic diseases, work that you or your peers are doing, and how you see that fitting into these strategies and these goals and thinking critically about about technology or approaches that you've seen in other fields and how that might be able to be incorporated into environmental health research. Because I think there's a lot of great work going on out there. And I think the idea of being able to bring in some of those toolkits or approaches would be really beneficial for us. And then ultimately, you know, just barriers in terms of, you know, your work, the work of our next generation. We're working to get grants out the door here. We have some updates on that. And I'm going to leave that area for for David to talk about. So I'm going to turn off my screen share so that I can see folks faces. If you want to start raising hands, we can call on folks for questions. And I think we have a little more than ten minutes. Hood. Doctor. Hi. Yes, thank you very much. I really enjoyed that recitation. Relative to the first question that you have on your seat. And I'm really, really happy that you brought to the forefront this concern that you have as it relates to population stratification in, for example, longitudinal epidemiological studies. That brings to the forefront this question, and we have to reconcile how we're going to deal with that. And hopefully you all can do that when you go over to the exposed zone global get together. And and what I'm speaking of is this underrepresentation of input that's going into these large language learning models, and it's being magnified and amplified such that, as you might imagine, that will have a devastating impact on, you know, personalized medicine. I mean, I can go down the list. Yeah. And so that being the case. How do you see the institute contributing to to reconciling that? That's something that we're going to have to do before it gets out of control, if you know what I mean. Yeah. We can't. Yeah. So that's my question. No, I appreciate you raising that important point. And I think it's it's something that we're definitely thinking about. You know, I think there's probably multiple different approaches that you could take. But like, you know, as an example, right. If you look at the all of us study, right, the all the study was very intentionally designed to be not only sort of population representative in terms of geography and other things, but to enrich for racial and ethnic minorities and to try, you know, the best you can, with participation rates being what they are to to recruit individuals from lower socioeconomic brackets, right, to try to get this sort of full representation. I think from the extramural space in terms of like, you know, grants that we would review and potentially fund, obviously, we want to see those grants, including, you know, patient sets and, and bio specimen samples that are going to lead to their results having external validity. And that will lead to their results being, you know, not just useful in isolation for one specific question and one specific group of people. And so I think that that's one thing we can make a priority. But the other is, you know, I think layering some of the exposition and metabolomics work on top of all of us would be a strength, because, you know, they've already done the legwork, right, to to design that group as being, you know, sort of representative and being able to address these issues around, you know, stratification and ancestry and socioeconomics and all these factors. And so as we, you know, work toward funding more exosomes, metabolomics type work, I think being able to build that on top of all of us when the opportunity might arise is one approach that we're enthusiastic about, because also there, you know, then that data becomes part of this public repository for other researchers to access and engage with. And I think hopefully, that, you know, through a sort of litany of approaches, but keeping that at the forefront of our minds that we can prevent that sort of downstream problems that we could sort of rapidly get to as you, as you highlight. So I thank you for that. Sure. So thinking about, you know. The the mission and, you know, the strategic plan and the goals of NIEHS, which, you know, both, I think largely remain the same, right, as they have been for years, but have now kind of, I believe, been put placed front and center right. Is is really an opportunity for us. And so. Oh, I see we have a hand up. I can't actually see who it is. There we go. Yes. How are you doing. So I actually love the things that you laid out in your talk. One of my thoughts is the life course studies. As I mentioned, I'm interested in infancy and long term health respiratory health impacts, actually. But one of the big problems is actually grants don't actually cover lifespan approaches. And so I don't know if there's going to be a method or something set up to where we can actually start incorporating longer term studies from NIH. But I mean, that's the biggest problem, right? If the piecemeal grants to do that, and of course, you know, you have this also. I mean, we're kind of past this now, but like in that in that cohort construction space, right? Not a lot of new cohorts getting launched in the last 15 to 20 years. But even when they are, you have this problem of, well, you know, you do your your competing renewal and it does. But you got to go back in with your A1 and maybe that does well and it gets funded and maybe not. And when you have those breaks right in funding and you have to potentially lay off staff, right, you're not able to continue that sort of, you know, rigorous contact with folks. And we know that when we start to lose contact with people, you know, for more than six months, you just you never get them back, right? So I'm very sensitive to this problem. I think that, you know, existing ongoing cohorts or things that there's huge value to, and we will be making concerted efforts to really try to support as best we can. I also think that there are intramural, NIH wide cohorts that are being stood up, that are collecting enough types of data, right, that that grants that leverage. These are likely to compete very well. Things like, you know, layering something on top of ABCd, right, or the echo program. Right. Right. And and so I think that. for anyone who has a biobank and has a cohort wants, knows that they should be sharing specimens for research. But you have to prioritize what you share. And I think we're at a good point now because, you know, I never wanted to give away half the DNA from an individual. We enrolled so that somebody could genotype, you know, two SNPs, right? Two markers. Right? Right. Yeah. But now that we're in the mix, metabolomics Arno mix space, you know, that that sort of decision tree gets much simpler. And it's if you're going to do something high throughput, broad scale, and we can have you be sharing those data back to these sort of centralized resources, then it's it's time to move the needle on distributing those specimens and facilitating that type of research. And so I think, again, we're just at a nice time point there where we need to sort of change our, our, our mindsets around these cohorts and how we share samples to say, well, you know, like if the science is good, but also if the, you know, if the the readout is, is broad enough, like, what do you need to save these bio specimens for if you're generating all the data? Now obviously some new things come up and you know, there is that. But very, very appreciative of that comment. So thank you. Did you have question. Yes I do. I so support the focus on actionable health solutions. And just wondered you noted that the focus when we're looking at environmental health disparities, we'd be focusing more on approaches to solutions versus documenting disparities. And I just wondered since understanding, you know, the disparities through documentation and data is a key to the solutions. What does that mean? How do you disentangle that? Yeah, I think, you know, in terms of I think ultimately what we want is to, you know, deliver interventions or, you know, approaches to reduce risks and, you know, and move that, that needle for people. I fully acknowledge and I think our framework for doing this acknowledges that understanding etiology is an important part of that. And so, you know, what we want are things that, you know, get to sort of etiology at a mechanistic level. And so if you can sort of really dig in on mechanistically, how is this working so that we don't feel like, well, it's, you know, something is driven by SES. It's like, well, lots of health factors are driven by SES. That's a pretty hard intervention point. there are things that people are doing to intervene sort of at that scale. That's more NBR thing and sort of outside the NIEHS space. But you know, when you think that have a different distribution in the population, I think, you know, like a great example is intramural and extramural work done in like chemical hair chemicals and hair straighteners. So these are utilized at different frequencies among different populations based on, you know, race and ethnicity and cultural factors and all of these things. And then when you see that there's also a difference in the incidence or in the outcomes of a specific disease or even the incidence of certain molecular subtypes of, you know, a disease really trying to, you know, get those those pieces connected to understand like what those mechanisms are and then, you know, strategize on that of where the intervention points may be. And, you know, this can, you know, ultimately, you know, be anything from, you know, oh, well, like, we need to, you know, have some small, you know, this is affecting things in this way. And so this small molecule inhibitor might work like that's certainly one area. It could just be, you know, these things are, you know, hazards to health. And so this is the key population that needs to be educated about that where we need to intervene. Right. And so what does that messaging look like. And how do we do that in a sort of responsive and community engaged way. So that it's not just, you know, shouting into the void and no one hears you. Because, you know, you can find really important stuff and learn really important things. And if no one hears, if no one's listening, you know, no one has helped. And we are very sensitive to that. And I think that's one, but not certainly the only reason for why we like to see our community engagement work, not just be at the time of discovery and delivery of information, but in the planning. And what are the things that are important to these communities to to know about and understand and have that that work really engaged throughout. Community engagement front of front to finish and and then again, that's why I was so thrilled with the work that was being done in East Palestine, you know, they had folks involved from the very start. And, you know, I went out there for for two days and we did, you know, a ribbon cutting that was the last thing. But the much more interesting and honestly enjoyable thing was doing all the listening sessions, right, going to a high school auditorium and listening to, you know, several hundred members of the town. It's a small town of 4500 people. Maybe tell you what their concerns were, right. And the folks from Kentucky are, you know, frantically taking notes. And then afterwards there's, you know, we debrief about these and really, really a great, I think, approach. And we'd like to see that that as a model. Right. For for other work. Great. Appreciate it. Thanks. Yes, absolutely. I think we have. Yeah. We'll have time for one more. Yeah, yeah, I think we can do one more. Hi, doctor. Wash. Hello. Hi. Thank you for a nice talk. I appreciate the the points that you made. I just have a comment. Another question. As a practicing physician and a pulmonologist, we obviously have a lot of. We have to deal with a lot of lung diseases that are caused by the environments, some of the exposures we know and others we don't. I think exposition studies will enable us to learn more about it and probably uncover some of the exposures that we never thought of. But at the patient physician interface, we don't have time to explore, you know, the environmental exposures, both on the occupational side as well as the non on side. So I think this also needs to be at some point addressed about, you know, about the the help we can provide to these patients. All the research we do is great. But how do we make an impact on the individual patients if they're giving less and less time to spend with the patients? Yeah, I appreciate that point. I mean, you know, I don't know how long your appointments are, but I, I have the like terrible memory of. So my wife's a pediatric dermatologist and does a lot of atopic dermatitis, eczema work and also patch testing. So occupational exposures patch testing for immune reactions. So those appointments are I believe 45 minute appointments. But the rest of the week she's running five 12 minute sessions a day or sorry five 12 minute sessions an hour. So every hour you're seeing five patients for 12 minutes. And you're right, that doesn't leave time to answer all the medical questions, much less to incorporate new research and environmental health recommendations and all of these pieces. And so you're right. And I think that is a structural issue. And I will make a note, David, I think that's the thing we talk about, you know, with regard to our k 12, maybe because that's a really solid group of folks invested and interested in this topic and could be a great resource for young folks with ideas in this, this arena. Right. So thank you. And I think we'll go ahead and take care. Thank you so much. As a civil engineer, Doctor Walsh, I'm really well aware of the impact of the built environment on on health, you know, from thinking about the community's investment in sidewalks and parks and access to exercise in nature to the East Palestine Railway disaster, to the need to retrofit our public buildings, including schools, to make them a more healthy environment, particularly thinking about the effect of older and and modern building materials. What is the opportunity moving forward to link together and I h. And I research with the built environment and setting goals for a better design that results in better public health. Yeah, I think this, you know, really gets to both an opportunity and a challenge of what we've, you know, lovingly now referring to as exosome. Because you know, it's it's so multi-layered, right. Exosomes is, you know, while your individual exposures. And so that's both like things you're actively putting in your mouth is your diet right. It's also, you know, things that are coming to you from the water or the air or whatever that may be, as well as sort of these, you know, structural things. And so some of those I think are going to be measurable, I think like mold in homes or, you know, how good your air filtration systems are and how that impacts individuals differently if they live, you know, near or not near, you know, extreme weather events and forest fires and things like that. I think that we really are looking to encourage multi-layered data integration platforms for doing that. New approaches to try to look at these things, you know, obviously, like there's been a great deal of work over the years, sort of incorporating exposure and genetics. Right. And the G by space. But I think, you know, it's sort of an E by space of individual level exposures and community level exposures and working up from there. When you did ask about, you know, partnerships with, with NIH in this framework as well, I would note that, you know, I had mentioned like the echo Group, right? They are collecting all of these types of things, you know, fantastic data collection, not just, you know, acquiring cord blood serum and newborn heal sticks and maybe breast milk from mom, but also asking, you know, validated surveys about bullying, right? And in schools, right, when these children are older. And so I think, you know, we really want to be very cognizant of the opportunities that are there with those existing cohorts as well as, you know, I think I think they're actually more more opportunities for partnerships with NiMH than perhaps we realize or have realized. And so part of that is, you know, Nida and NiMH and, you know, Knight is leading ABCd and HPC. And these cohorts, I think about, again, something that someone mentioned to me in East Palestine, which was that they used to hear the train all the time, and it was something that they blocked out. Like, you know, you just can block out a noise and it becomes part of the background. And, and now, like they, they don't block it out anymore. And when they hear the train, they like, tense up and they. And, and that was, I don't know, sort of opening for me to, to sort of think about and, you know, again, I don't know how you exactly measure some of these things, but they're smart folks, and I encourage them to figure out how you do that. But, you know, that's just sort of one example of some of the aspects that I think you might be getting at that we are open to understanding, exploring, and, you know, that potentially, you know, are areas for intervention. And I think we probably should move on to to my presentation just so we don't get any further behind with our agenda. And before I get started, Ashley pointed out that we we should state publicly and for the record, clarifying roles. So welcoming Kyle as an IIAs director in that role. He is the designated chair for the National Advisory Environmental Health Sciences Council, and I will continue in my role as the Director of research here at NIEHS, as the Executive Secretary of Council, and I am the designated federal official for council. Just clarifying that, for the record. So it's my pleasure to introduce or to present an update on the extramural activities since our our last council meeting and see if my slides will advance. So I'm going to cover five broad topics today. Fairly quick staffing updates. Just some comings and goings in in the division are we will be taking a vote on the second section, which is the Council standard operating procedure and council delegated authorities. a required annual vote that we take. So if you want to go ahead and get logged into your Electronic Council book will be there before you know it. I'm going to present a wrap up of our fiscal 25 grants budget and some some details on that from the NIEHS side. And then also have some discussion about our fiscal 26 funding strategies are approach to managing the Grant's budget for for this year. We'll go hopefully fairly quickly through some policy updates and some news to note from the NIEHS side, just to to make sure that the community is aware of how to access information and some of the changes that have recently been promulgated. And then we'll close up with some highlights from some things that we've been working on since the the September council meeting. So getting into our staffing updates, we had one individual who left, Caleb Rogers, who was one of our grants management specialists. He resigned during the furlough to take advantage of some other career opportunities outside of the government. And we miss we miss Caleb and we definitely miss being down a grant specialist, trying to to process the awards and getting those out. We also just last week, Kendra Morrison, who was a member of our scientific review branch, agreed, accepted a reassignment to go back to the center for Scientific Review and resume her duties as a grants technical assistant supporting the reviews for our research projects. So we thank Kendra there. They are in desperate need of help of its CSR. And so we really appreciate her willingness to to to be reassigned. We do have one new staff member in dirt and that's Lisa Marie. She joined us from the the former Environmental Health Perspectives team in December with the reassignment internally. And she is working with Ashley as a program analyst, doing a lot of the duties that Nicole Popovich used to do, supporting the division leadership community and also coordinating some internal data calls. She's our highlighted topic coordinator and is playing a role in publication of our grant notices and those kinds of things. So she's kind of a jack of all trades, helping out with coordination of activities within the division. And she probably will be interfacing with council on on some activities going forward. The second bit of business is the present the Council standard operating procedure and the council delegated authorities. Again, we will be taking a vote during this section. Just a reminder of what this is. So we are required to have a formal documentation of our advisory Council procedures. So we developed last year a standard operating procedure that codifies the way council operates as a routine set of business. And included within that is the annual approval of the council. Delegated authorities that are normally responsibilities of council, that we ask for you to give Dirt staff the ability to process those. So we have made a number of changes to the council SOP this year. So the council members have that available to them in the Electronic Council book, both as a clean copy and as a tracked changes version that highlights all of the edits that we have made. Most of the edits are fairly minor, clarifying some some existing procedures and aligning with the structural changes within NIH. No longer having a dedicated review branch within dirty reliance on on the center for Scientific Review, some changes to committee management and those kinds of things, the more substantive changes to the Council SOP include the the addition of processes and procedures around the the new category of grants, which are the competitive but not discussed applications. We will have Bruce Read from center joining us after the break, and I'm sure that this will be one of the topics that he addresses there. Those applications are being shared with Council in their own block within the the block review categories, so that those will will be approved by council, reviewed and approved by council for the second level. We're also clarifying in the council SOP that the the the truly not discussed applications, those that are identified as not being competitive for funding, are not routinely presented to or discussed with council in closed session. The cases where we will bring those to council are cases where there's an appeal of of those actions, or if and this has only happened one time in my 25 years at at NIH, there is an application identified as as streamlined, not discussed, that we are actually proposing consideration for funding. That's very rare circumstance, but it does require council review. We have also made a little bit of a streamline to the SOP to be in line with NIH policy. We formally required a vote from Council on applications that are identified as concerns. Those concerns include things like human subjects, women and and sex and composition, children's research. Any vertebrate animals, research concerns with budgetary concerns. NIH policy actually says that those applications need to be made brought to the attention of Council, but it does not require a formal vote for from council for us to be able to resolve those concerns. So that'll be a minor, minor change to the operation in the closed session for that. And then the most to us, significant change is a mindset change around. We had a former process that allowed us to bring certain applications that are time sensitive to an early council concurrence, that that early council concurrence was fairly prescriptive. And what we could bring to early concurrence, and was mandated to use the Electronic Council book for voting and was only done before the council meeting and on discussion with other institutes about their practices around obtaining council concurrence on applications that had some time sensitivity, as we are are dealing with the delays that we've had in peer review and summary statement availability and those challenges, we learned that a couple institutes use what they refer to as an interim council concurrence, which allows them much more flexibility to bring applications that don't require special counsel review and formal discussion. During a council meeting to council's attention to obtain concurrence with the initial review group between meetings. So the procedure for this will be an email vote rather than a vote during the Electronic Council book, and we will annotate the consideration of those applications in the closed session minutes for whichever is the most adjacent council meeting. So that could be a revision of the prior council minutes or inclusion within the the the next council meeting. And this will give us much more flexibility to manage the timing of awards between council meetings. Then finally, our. We are required annually to get Council's approval of our Council delegated staff actions. We are not proposing any changes to the council delegated authorities. Again, these are or normally council responsibility that are relatively straightforward changes to existing funded, already approved applications. This includes a change of institution. So the movement of a grant from one grantee institution to a different grantee institution, typically that's associated with the movement of the pie. The second is that the change of a pie. So if principal investigator retires or unfortunately passes or for other reason needs to to permanently leave the the the project we ask canceled to to give us the ability to approve the new pie a continuation of a grant with an interim pie. This is typically either due to a pie going on sabbatical, or having a long term health issue that does not require a permanent change of the pie. And then two processes for extending grants, either without funds as a no cost extension or an extension, potentially with bonds, a what we call a with cost extension of that grant process. So those are council authorities that we ask to be delegated to NIEHS staff. With that, I'm going to pause. I'm going to see if there is any council discussion of the SOP or the CDs. So if so, please raise your hand and I'm glad to have that discussion. If there is no discussion, if I can please request a motion to approve the SOP and the seeds. Motion to approve. And a second from Darryl and Kerry. And if council members can please vote. We'll try to do this in the ECB. So you should be able to go to the Council agenda for use in meeting and scroll down and click on the Council SOP and CDs and click yes or No. And I can see the votes this time. I don't see any in yet but. Let us know if you have any challenges. It's working. Yay! It's not working for me. I see the snow, but I can click on them. It worked for me. We have quorum. And then I guess, Doctor Mutlu, did you want to register a no or a yes or an abstention, a yes? Yes. Okay. All right. Thank you. And thank you, Council. So then I'll move on and present our our fiscal 25 budget wrap up and our, our approach to managing fiscal 26. So this is some some truth in advertising. Last year NIEHS was assigned 1330 applications which were reviewed. That led to the issuance of 225 competing awards, so that 225 competing awards is slightly lower. So we we received 110 fewer applications. And let me use my pointer, since I'm kind of jumping around here a little bit. So we received 110 fewer applications than we did in fiscal 24. And we issued 60 fewer awards than we did in 2024. With the that budget, we managed to maintain actually a fairly positive success rate, 12.3% success rate for our runs, 12.9 for RPGs. It was a slightly lower than fiscal 24. So in 24 hour one success rate was 13.8%. I'll present some more data on this later, but we did issue 57 awards as multiyear funded. That was a total of $58 million that we invested in multiyear funded awards. That is a significant uptick from from prior years. But we did while we were still operating under under the concept of a pay line, we did have an effective pay line last year of 11%. We funded all applications except for a couple of things that had already been funded up to 11th percentile. And for the first year, we formally had a higher pay line for early stage investigators. We had a 16%. We funded all UC applications up to 16th percentile for our early stage investigators. Looking at the distribution of those awards between the different mechanisms. So first, our total award budget, this includes both competing and non competing awards was about $466 million. That was about $20 million prior more than we had funded previously. And as Kyle shared with our budget having been flat, this is actually a pretty big, significant increase in the amount of grant funding that we were able to issue in fiscal 25. Our distribution rate remained fairly consistent relative to previous years, or RPG budget actually is a slightly higher percentage of the budget overall than where we've been recently $326 million in RPGs relative to 284 in fiscal 24. Our other budget is is now our second largest budget line, $56 million, up from 44. This does include our health effects of extreme weather, which was a significant investment in the other research line last year. Our center's budget decreased significantly because we did not have competing Hew centers last year. So we went from $73 million and our second largest budget line in centers down to $43 million last year. Our SBIR is a congressional mandate at just under 5% of our budget. And so that was flat at $23 million. And our training budget, our NSSF budget, tick down just a little bit to $19 million from $21 million in fiscal 24. Breaking down our RPG budget. So these are the the the actual research awards supported by the the NIEHS. Again, this has been fairly consistent. About 75% of our RPG budget in the row. One line is pretty consistent. Our 20 ones are 35 going down UO ones down to just 1 or 2 U2's and ones that we supported we did. Last year was the first year ever that we've supported our 50 awards. Those are kind of a staff scientist research award. So an independent award for non faculty level researchers that we supported through an ODS program last year. Breaking down our competing versus non competing awards in the research project grants. So we issued 125 competing RPG awards at a total of just under $100 million. 12 of those 125 were solicited. Research. And as you can see from a budgetary standpoint, our non competing awards represent a much more significant portion of our budget. A total of 421 awards at $227 million and 103 of those non competing awards were solicited. So we're continuing to see a shift in our portfolio from solicited applications into investigator initiated, which we think is going to continue going forward. As I said, multiyear funding was a rather significant uptick in fiscal 25, with the guidance from OMB that we should increase multiyear funding to decrease those non competing commitments in future years. So last year, overall, we did a multiyear funding of 69 total awards that included a few non competing awards, having on competing awards that we multiyear funded for a total of $71.6 million from our HHS appropriations. Just for reference, in fiscal 24, we shoot a total of 11 multiyear funded awards at a total of $4.5 million, so more than a ten fold increase in the funds going into multiyear funding. By comparison or incremental awards, we issued 482 incrementally awards at $254 million, only 68 competing awards and 414 non competing awards as as incrementally funded applications. Our solicitations we only had five solicitations that we funded awards from last year three NIEHS programs really only two the the victor. The final year of the Victor Awards was last year. We issued three awards for $2.2 million, and we had two different solicitations cycles for our time sensitive research opportunities. So a total of six awards issued through that program for about $2.5 million. And then we also participated in two of the. Issued awards for two odds programs last year, the The Sustainable Software one award. And the two are 50 Research Software Engineer Awards that that I mentioned earlier. Looking at our interior appropriations, our Superfund appropriation, this was fairly consistent with previous years. We issued a total of 76.1 million, or out of $76.1 million budget for interior programs split between the worker Training program and the Super Fund Research program. So all of the worker training programs the U4 five, the others which are not included on this slide that pass through from the Department of Energy and their Small Business program competed last year. A total award of $26.6 million. And then we had one competitive cycle of the fund P40, two awards and one non competing cycle. We did multiyear fund a couple P40 twos to prepare for the potential 40% budget reduction that we have. That was the president's budget and the House mark last year. We multiyear funded some P40 twos as well. So the total SRP investment was $49.5 million last year. Changing gears to talk about how we're going to approach fiscal 26, I wanted to start by acknowledging the news that that that has been out in there have been a couple of articles in science and some other venues about the significant delays in the issuance of awards from NIH. I think last update, I saw only 1200 competing awards had been issued across all of NIH as of last week. And I just want to acknowledge the reality. So as I've presented in previous years, we've put significant effort into trying to balance our workload throughout the fiscal year with a goal which is never going to be completely attainable, of doing a quarter of our awards for each fiscal quarter of of the year. And as you can see, in 23 and 24, we did a pretty good job of balancing it with Q3 being our largest number of awards being released. This is both competing non competing and prior approval awards. So non-monetary awards are captured here. Last year we actually started out at a very strong pace, best we'd ever done. We maintained a little bit of momentum early in the second quarter before everything stopped. And then as we got the approval to issue awards, to do the negotiations of projects for alignment with administration priorities, we were able to increase the number of awards in Q3, and we were successful in Q4 of getting all of our awards out and obligating all of our funds to our awards. Our turtle number of words. Historically, we've been around 1100 awards issued per year. Last year we were at 969. So, so slightly decreased number of total awards issued. And as you can see this year we have this is a couple of weeks old data. We have released more awards since. Since then, under 200 awards issued or just over 200 words issued. When I generated this slide. So why the delays? So some of it are things you're aware of the shutdown of the government in October and the first half of November delayed us for for six weeks. And in issuing awards, the delay in and holding this meeting. Normally this would have been scheduled a month ago, and we would already be in the process of issuing competing awards from our February council round, which clearly we are not doing yet. One thing you may not be aware of is that to make this success of getting all of the awards out, we did not process any non-monetary approvals in quarter four of last year. So we started the year with placing a priority on on finishing up those fiscal 25 non-monetary approvals, the no cost extensions, the change of PiS, those kinds of of of things. So we had about two months worth of, of work to do when we started the year, then started the year with a month and a half delay in being able to do anything. We are still somewhat feeling some some pinch of the changing HHS and NIH policies and priorities, the need to negotiate applications to be in alignment and and those sorts of things are slowing down the issuance of awards. And then finally, the the OMB and the Department of Treasury have implemented a new procedure this year for getting the the fiscal 26 appropriations to federal agencies that both delayed getting funds for a month, but also going forward is going to make life significantly easier for us. So we did not receive a prorated apportionment of funds, which would have allowed us to increase the the the release of of awards as following the approval of the budget in January. We have this week however received our our full year appropriations. So yesterday we released I think 17 awards with with the the word that we are getting all of our money for the remainder of fiscal 26 this month. So we have cued up a number of awards, I think between 50 and 60 awards that are ready to go as soon as we receive notification that the money is, is, is in the bank for us to to support those awards. I do want to also have some, some truth in advertising that when we click release an award, it goes through a number of additional approvals and notifications of Congress and what have you of those awards. So it can be, you know, several days to even a couple of weeks after we release the award, before you actually receive the notice of the grant. Award. How we are approaching making our funding decisions for fiscal 26. We are following the NIH unified funding strategy that Doctor Bhattacharya presented when he visited council in September. And there's a recent piece that was published by several of the institute directors, QR code here that you can scan that describes the unified funding strategy, which is the the the TLDR version of that is that we no longer use the concept of, of a, a firm pay line, that peer review and the, the numeric score of the application are are an important factor in, in funding decision making. But they are not the only factor that is considered in funding decisions. Instead, we're looking at things like alignment with the the NIH and NIEHS mission. The some priorities around early stage and new investigators, programmatic balance, identifying gaps in our portfolio geographic balance and then mandated stewardship and appropriate oversight of our our portfolio. So that's a lot of words to say. Honestly, at NIEHS, it's not a very significant departure in our our funding, our approach to making funding decisions. We have always looked beyond just the numeric score in in setting our determinations of what we fund and what we don't fund. As we've discussed in the past, we've always had a reserve of our budget for what we formally referred to as race to pay applications and and did relatively few skips within our pay line. Again, we're we no longer have a defined pay line, but I think that you will see the funding decisions that we are making will be very consistent with what we have done and in the past. And then from a policy standpoint, some some of our procedures to manage our budget this year, we are no longer implementing our our standard set 15% administrative reductions across the board to all competing awards. That that was a budgetary gimmick that that created more problems than it solved. We will be looking at the individual application and the budget request, and we will be applying programmatic cuts as we think that there are costs that are not necessary, but we will no longer be doing a standard across the board. Cut. Our non competing awards will typically be awarded at committed levels. We are not going to be doing a standard across the board reduction to our non competing awards we did for the first cycle. Our February 1st starts for the P-40s we did implement and across the board cut, just because of the potential for a 40% budget reduction to that program. Once we got word that that 40% budget reduction was not going to be implemented, we have revised all of those awards back up to committed levels. And then finally, I just want to acknowledge that our multiyear funding strategy is still somewhat under development, pending final guidance from the NIH Budget Office on our our procedures and and targets for multiyear funding. We know we will not be doing more than what we did in fiscal 25. It's unclear whether we will be held to our fiscal 25 numbers or not. And then finally, I just want to reiterate this is not change in, in, in any of our strategies, but continuing to emphasize our efforts to manage on obligated balances in our portfolio, they are significantly reduced from where they had been historically, but we are continuing our processes of any awards that we have as a non competing continuation that have more than 100% of their annual budget as a non obligated balance, will be receiving a midcourse no cost extension, any awards that have between 70 and 100% of their annual budget as an obligation balance will undergo either a restructuring where the that an obligated balance is allocated across the budget. So we will receive a reduced award this year but increased awards in the future. So the net balance is unchanged. Or in a particularly egregious cases, that award may be offset. And the the overall award for that project will be reduced. And then also implementing our procedure of this is the second year of the second year of a competing renewal. So that's a type two application. We will be offsetting the obligated balance from the approved and accepted financial report from the previous competitive segment. And I've discussed all of this in much more detail with with figures and numbers for scenarios in the September Council. So if you want to go back and look at those slides as a reminder of how all of that actually works. Next I want to go in and do some some policy updates and some some news to note. I hope we will go through this fairly quickly. It is a little bit convoluted. So there is a significant effort underway to centralize all extramural information on the grants gov website. So the historic information that we've had on the knees web page around our our grants programs, our approaches to to different aspects of our portfolio, all of that is being centralized in a formulaic website on the grants NIH website. So there's a screenshot of this here. This site is still under development. It is is continually being updated and enhanced as they are going through the process of of of the centralization. But this site is really your one stop shop for all information relating to grants, not only at NIEHS but across all of NIH. Associated with this, it's actually ultimately it will be easier, but right now it's a little bit of a challenge to find research opportunities. So you do still have this website here that will take you to the grants.gov information on all no foes that are released. If you click on funding, there's a dropdown that's find a fit for your research. You'll see here two separate web pages or links. The first is to highlighted topics, much of the substance of what you have formally seen from NIH in PFAS is now going to be done through highlighted topics. And I'll talk a little bit about those. I've mentioned them in previous council meetings, and I'll talk a little bit about them There's also on this site link to Institute Center and Office Profile. So if you click on that and and scroll down to NIEHS you'll see. So here's the QR codes to get to those sites. So this is the no faux listing on on. If you click this button you'll see this side. And if you click on Institute Center and Office Profiles, scroll down to NIEHS and click on the link. There you'll see this web page which is the the new NIEHS grants web page. This information is standard across all institutes. So all students have a very similar page and very similar content on this site. It has our mission statement pulled from the strategic plan. It has general topics of interest. This I think is actually a very positive thing. This is a a cut down version of the floor of the research that NIEHS will support through our grants programs. We have a formal document negotiated with other institutes in the center for Scientific Review called our Referral Guidelines. That is not a public document, but it sets the the foundation of what is NIEHS research. And how does that different from NCI, Nhlbi and any other institute. So this general topics is a pared down version of what that those referral guidelines are. And it does include a description of the research that is supported by the Superfund Research Program and the Worker Training program. This site also includes a link to all of the funding opportunities. These funding opportunities that NIEHS participates in. It includes any highlighted topics that we participate in on there. And then importantly, this link for additional information by funding category. This is where you will find the information for our interests on every category of funding that is solicited through a parent announcement or a program announcement. So if you're interested in what is NIH support in conference grants in SBIR applications and administrative supplements, this is where you will find that information that is being filled out right now. Right now, I think the only ones that are live are administrative supplements and SBIR, but we are every other week we have a deadline to provide more information on. Other budget mechanisms so that that will be populated in the not distant future. And that is critical information for you to understand what NIEHS is interested in doing and is not going to be doing in those those different budget lines. So there's QR codes here for those sites as well. Finally, the last thing I want to include here is important information about where you find notification about policy changes. They are coming still fairly fast and furious. This is still being captured in the NIH guide for Grants and Contracts. No foes are no longer being captured in the NIH guide for Grants and Contracts, but the weekly email that you can sign up for there will include all policy updates that are coming out from NIH. And again, that's available on the grandstand Gov website. As you can see, there are many of them that have been released since our our September council meeting. I just want to highlight a few of them, a total of nine of them that are ones I think, that are most relevant to our grantee community. The first, most recent is the updates to the Data management and sharing plan. This replaces our old data management sharing plan guidance with a new form that is primarily yes, no and short answer questions. The standard across all grant mechanisms. An announcement. So there's I'll show on the next slide. Implementation of new common forms for publications bio sketches what have you. The the implementation for those has been delayed to the next receipt date Council around. The an important notification that if you have prior approval requests, those must be submitted through the prior approval module. If you send an email to your program officer and grant specialist about a prior approval, it will not be processed. You have to submit it through the prior approval module. The reminder this is not new policy, but it's a reminder of increased scrutiny. Your application when you click Submit on Grant's Grants.gov, it must be complete and compliant with NIH policy and application instructions with all of the criteria of the no foe at the time you submit it to Grants.gov. If it is not complete, it will be returned without review. There will be less opportunity to correct mistakes. Post hoc part of the the effort to reduce burden to the applicant community and to streamline some some processes. Announcement that we will no longer require. Institute a pre-approval of applications requesting over $500,000 direct costs per year or requirements for letters of intent for programs. We used to require these for our time sensitive program. For our conference grants, we no longer require those. There's the announcement of the the updated Bios sketch and other support documentation that has been delayed. And then finally, three processes or policies that were announced in September around bio and data repositories, bio specimen collection that I think are important to to those communities. And then finally, the the the guidance was approved or released in September on the new five mechanism for, for NIH funded international collaborations, so that that five mechanism was announced in September and the templates for those that been released. Then I'm just going to close up fairly quickly on some, some dirt programmatic highlights. So we've had a busy several months since September. We've had grantee meetings for several of our programs, including our 30s, not technically a grantee meeting, but the Superfund research program. The Tamu center hosted a Superfund research meeting in December of collaboration with NCI on the cohorts for Environmental Exposures and Cancer Risk, held their grantee meeting also in December in Michigan, Kyle presented the the East Palestine Train Derailment Study Kickoff meeting in East Palestine, Ohio, and February. We held the Care Consortium meeting just a week and a half ago. The NICU data repository knowledge base. So ODS program held a grand team meeting at the beginning of March as well in New York. And then as, as Kyle mentioned in response to go. Question. We had a meeting last week of our press alongside the CDC Pasu meeting last week. This is our K-12 program to support research activities for clinicians to work with the the Pasu, so their clinicians within the patient working in environmental health research activities. The patient scholars are just they are the most amazing group of of individuals. They're they're so impressive. And the work that they are doing is is so outstanding. I'd love to see an expansion of this program and our involvement with the Cape. Well, and I think it can help with, with some of, of Goggins concerns and things that we've talked about at prior council meetings about how do we better integrate environmental health into the relationship between a clinician and their patient. The worker training program has actually held several meetings since September, so they get their own slide. They have held two grantee meetings and other engagements, and they've got some meetings coming up in May and October as well. And they've also the worker training program has released a new video on their disaster training activities. So there's a QR code that you can access that information as well if you are interested, our Superfund program. So Kyle highlighted the complimentary Common Fund program, our Superfund program and their Risky Learning webinar series did a deep dive into NAMs highlighting the complementary program, as well as some SRP related activities in both in vitro screening systems, NAMs, as well as some computational approaches to advance toxicity testing and screening, then finally close out with an announcement that the one of my babies, the Human Health Exposure Analysis Resource, held its final steering committee meeting in December of last year, bringing to an end ten years of support for our Our Infrastructure program to encourage research through both the chair and the Here consortium. I just want to highlight some of the real accomplishments. So so, you know, a big piece of this has been the support for projects. So throughout the ten year period, Sharon here supported 55 investigator initiated studies. So that's additional analyzes to needs and funded projects. But we also formed partnerships with other NIH efforts. So we did 28 studies for the Echo program. We've done for projects in support of the Cure chronic kidney disease program. Rick previously has talked about all of us type two diabetes exosomes study that is that data is is now available in all of us. Research portal to access our commitment to data sharing. So those 55 studies all will be available on the Here data center web page. 39 of them are already public. The remaining 16 are still under embargo. That repository has supported 700 research users, and more than 3000 file downloads have have been supported there. The capability there, the contributions up here have gone beyond those study projects. We included a significant effort on advancing analyzes. A lot of this has been taken up by the Nexus program to really disseminate these new methods. Multiclass methods for targeted analysis, expanded untargeted analysis capabilities, software and flows. And all told, NI here has supported more than 500 publications with more than 12,000 citations. We did a newsletter program. We did a 21 episode webinar series. All of that information is still available and out there for those who are interested. With that, I am basically right on time, but I think we can take a couple of minutes for for questions. If you have questions, and I will stop sharing and so I can see you all. Any questions comments, feedback, Darryl. Thank you very much. David, I noticed that I was just wondering if you could upload your slides. There's so much information, so much great information that yeah, so we appreciate that. But now I did have one question pertaining to the number of outstanding concept clearances that we heard over the last maybe three council meetings. And, you know, I wasn't able to extrapolate from your projections what might be left for that. Can you give us an update if you could on on that or are you not able to do that? So I think it's it's an open secret of the effort to reduce the number of NOFOS across NIH. And I think many of those concepts that you have previously seen will not appear in the form of a request for application, but rather what where you will see them as in a highlighted topic. So. So we are still committed to doing those those activities. I think the way that we do them is going to be slightly different going forward. And I see Steph has her hand raised the one. No, David, I bet I bet $100. You can probably guess what I'm going to ask the the one note that we are very much optimistic that it will be published soon. It's still under review, but our our announcement for the fiscal 27 competition of the Super Fund research program, T42, that is, has left our hands. It is still under review at higher levels of the government, and we are optimistic that it will be released in time for us to still be able to issue those awards in fiscal 27, if it is delayed enough that that we're unable to issue those awards in 27, we've got a plan B, which I won't discuss publicly, but we have a we have a plan B, okay. Thank you I appreciate it. And I will try to get on Liam's calendar coming up. Thank you David. Yeah. Yes. As as always. You know, we encourage, you know, any applicants that are interested, reach out to your program officer, you know, have a conversation about your ideas and what might be the most appropriate mechanism to to support that. If if you don't know who to call, call me. And I'm happy to get you in touch with the program officer. Yeah. We we remain. One of the things that I think is special about NIEHS s is our commitment to, to customer service and to working with our, our grantees, having a relationship with them, knowing who's working on what and and helping them get access to what they need to be successful. If there are no other questions or comments from council, we will be posting my slides, at least to the ECB. I think they also get posted to the council website. There's there's nothing super sensitive in there that that can't be shared with that. I think then we are set for a break. And so we will still plan on coming back on time at 1130 to have a call to old order and have Doctor Reed, the Acting Director of CSR, presenting on some of the the new changes at CSR and have some discussion about the strategies for for enhancing peer review. So with that, I think we'll break for 12 minutes and we reconvene promptly at 1130. Bye everybody.

- The Ultimate Guide to Master Short-Form Video Editing! (Easy Guide): Kind: captions Language: en I have figured out the key tricks to making a short video go vir see I'm a 17-year-old with over 3 years of experience in editing short form content and in this video I'm about to show you the entire process step by step and reveal the secrets I've learned by editing for so many short form clients and these are the results that you can expect from what I'm about to teach you in this video we're going to be covering how to research viral video ideas how to script write and plan your video for the best engagement and the secret and editing that makes videos go viral there are three ways to get viral video ideas number one you could take a look at what's trending this way you can find video ideas that are doing really good right now and if you hop on that Trend you can bring in a whole new audience from the trending topic number two you can use AI to generate ideas and I don't just mean help with the chat GPT and type in oh just give me give me 10 cool short video ideas no that's going to be useless what you have to do is make a specific prompt for whatever Niche you are in so you could type in something like give me 10 viral short form ideas in X Niche that are trending now and have low competition lastly you can think up of a few things that sound way too good to be true you ever see those videos that are always like how I made 300K from a faceless Instagram account at the age of 14 yeah that's what we're aiming for cuz when you hear what I've just said the first question that pops into your head is how is that even possible Now by using these three methods you're going to get a viral video idea the only thing left to do is turn that into a video let me show you how now there's a general outline that you have to follow when you're trying to film short form content otherwise content is going to be boring at the beginning of the video you have a 5-second window to hook the audience and this is called the which is just a statement or an idea that grabs attention very fast to do this we're going to take our viral video idea and extract from it a very attractive claim and this can be one of three things either a big desire some social proof or a lot of controversy keep in mind we're going to be using these in the first 5 Seconds to just grab attention and these will actually determine whether the viewer stays or not next is the rest of the video and this is just like recording any other video keep your sentences short and concise get straight to the point just make sure that you are moving at a fast pace listen the main reason people enjoy short form content is because it's fast it gets them information fast it gets them what they want fast so keep in mind as you're recording this to get straight to the point and give the viewer the information as fast as possible and after finishing the first draft go back in there and take out the areas that are a waste of the viewer's time as of recording from the literal aspect make sure your body fits into the entirety of the camera and there's room around it so that you can do Zoom ins and zoom outs and one thing that's going to go a long way in your short form videos is providing as much energy as possible and the best way I do this is before recording this is going to sound really stupid but you got to Hype yourself up so pretend you're going for like a really big PR hype yourself up and then instantly just put all that energy into the hook as soon as the viewer sees the energy in the hook they're instantly going to be attracted into your video now just click record give it your best and let's get straight into the editing as for today's editing I'm going to be teaching you a simple yet very popular style that you can Implement onto your videos so to start off this is our footage that we're going to be editing for today first I dragged in my footage next I'll drag this into my sequence now the first step is making the basic Cuts I cut right before the silence and right before the speaking then I over overlap them on top of each other by overlapping the cuts we ensure that our viewer is constantly engaged and the next step is to start adding some movement to the footage zoom in Zoom outs and lots of tracks and I decide to use a zoom in preset from a preset pack called essential motion 2.0 then I adjust the position to get this zoom in effect so I decided to track my character first in this first clip so first I decided to add some guidelines by clicking show rulers and dragging down two lines that align at the center of the screen then I zoom in and align my subject to the center of the screen key frame the position move a few key frames forward and realign my subject with the guideline and repeat that with the rest of the clip and this is what we get now I kept on adding some Zoom ins and some Zoom outs and did some tracking for the rest of the time the expert tip here is to just use zooms to highlight important statements and use tracking to highlight movement and this alone makes your edit engaging and the next step is showing not telling this is the trick that will elevate your shorts G as long as you can show and deliver the idea to the viewer visually not verbally you can keep them hooked and engaged watch the difference between these two intros so let's go ahead and make that someone asked me the other day they said he mentioned someone asking him a question question so I decide to word it I create a text change the settings to create this text style then duplicate the layers three times then I wrote out the words someone asked me and highlighted the word asking by adding a VR glue dropping the threshold then setting the tint color to Red then I align each text with the words being said and shorten them like this and to spice it up we will add a preset animation called move from bottom and mess around with the key frames a bit next I wanted to animate a person asking a question grab the human icon placed it where I want nested the sequence added a glow and dragged in the move from bottom animation preset then to show that character icon asking a question I animated it moving to the left side and then animated a text popping out from behind it and to finish it up I added some stock footage of a person texting and I also added a mask around it dropped the top a tiny bit and added some feather this gave us this fade in effect placed it under our text and this is what our intro looks like someone asked me the other day they said Jack can I now for this section to show what he's telling I decided to remove the footage and add a dust and scratch overlay now that we have a background I went ahead and animated all the things he said first I add our character then I write out the words can I boot place our character character above the text then to Showcase a career I added some stock footage of money then once again showing his words with subtitles I write out the words out of just then added some stock footage of a person using their phone to Showcase some short content as for that extra touch I just added the logos of social platforms and animated a small movement for all of them as for this last clip in our hook I added a question mark with some glow then I animated it popping up using the transform effect and increasing in the size and then decreasing I did this so that I could use it as a transition to another section with the dust and scratch effect and on top of that I just added a rotating animation ask them a question back by the way if you guys feel like I'm going through this video too fast very sorry about that but I just want to keep the pace going but if you need some personalized help I do offer onetoone coaching hey future Joseph here I'm here to tell you that I've changed this coaching package to give you guys a lot more free stuff so now not only do you get your one-on-one coaching session with me but it also comes with free tutorials on more short form Styles like the one you're watching right now an in-depth guide on premier's Basics you also get the presets and plugins that I use to make these videos with free assets sound effects overlays and much more I highly recommend you check this out the website is going to be linked down description below all right back to the video so now that we're done with the hook and the intro we can finally calm down at the editing and focus on keeping the viewer watching so for this next part I just add some stock footage of a person scrolling and some stock footage of a clock as for the section after it I just wanted to give the viewers some rest and left the video as it is with some track then I once again without without this statement with a dust and scratch background also I got bored so I added the wave warp effect and changed the color you yourself for consuming and for this next part I placed some stock footage and added the mask and increase the feather amount to get that fade in then I followed it up with some more stock footage and I worded out all the words that he said while highlighting the color of the words short form content guys I know this is getting a bit hectic and long but we're almost done so just bear with me not even conscious of it I added a simple zoom into the following clip think of how many other people are doing the same some stock footage of people walking some stock footage of a person on their phone is it possible to build a career out of just short form content and back again with the dust and scratch overlay then I worded out the words is it possible and highlighted the word possible with the glob then to visually represent building I added the gift of construction I also used the popup reset on it then followed it up with some stock footage of a person editing as for this last part of the video 1,000% it's one of the most in demand forms of content in this current day and age I wrote out the 1,000 in green and animated its position moving from right to left and added a wave orb effect to get this I then worded out the phrase in demand and added an icon of the video I also animated that icon to pop up from behind the text using a mask and finished it off with some stock footage of some computers and here is what we were able to edit and under ow someone can I build a career out of just short form content and I asked them a question bad I said have you watched a Tik Tok in the last 24 hours they said no Jack I've watched 30 so I told them listen my friend if you yourself were consuming that level of short form content and you're not even conscious of it think of how many other people are doing the same so is it possible to build a career out of just short form content 1,000% it's content in this current day and age and if you thought we were done my friend you're dead wrong no no no I'm just I'm just messing up now we got to take care of the sound design to be able to get really really good sound design you have to make sure that you edit as if something is moving through really thick air so lots of whooshes for the movement so I open up my motion bow extension and drag in a few whooshes that I like first thing I do is add some whooshes to the moving text at the beginning then drop their volume by minus 10 then I wanted to spice things up with a little transition here so I added this smooth transition from the premier composer preset pack I also added the cast register sound effect once again really trying to bring life to the words that are being said then I added these sound effects to the words popping up on screen once again more whooshes according to the movement question then to build up the anticipation I took a hit sound effect and reversed it and we got this result have you watched a Tik talk in the last 24 hours and again another transition more hit sound effects matched with the text that level of short form content more transitions from the premier composer pack more whoosh sound effects for a movement and a hit sound effect at the end and a whoosh for dis animation last lastly we're going to need subtitles so to do this we go up to window down to text and click on transcribe sequence then we click this little button up here and depending on the style of your subtitles you'll mess around with these settings I want mine to have two words per subtitle so I drop the amount of characters drop the time to 2 seconds and select single and click on create next I'll go into one of my subtitles and open up the essential Graphics tab then I'll change all the settings to the style that I want create a new style with those settings and apply it using this Arrow here after that is done I'm going to go through and remove the subtitles in places I don't need lastly I'll just select all my subtitles click on graphics and titles and upgrade them to a graphic layer then just add some background music and lower the volume and after all that ladies and gentlemen we're finished someone asked me the other day they said Jack can I build a career out of just short form content and I asked them a question back I said have you watched a Tik Tok in the last 24 hours they said no Jack I've mean honestly this edit turned out a lot better than I expected I honestly think this style has a lot of potential and if you start to apply the style to your own videos you're going to be able to drag in a whole new audience that enjoys this style of content once again thank you so much for bearing with me throughout this whole process and if you have any questions just go ahead and leave it in the comments below or reach out to me personally thanks a lot for watching I appreciate every single one of you and as usual I'll see you in the next one and God bless you people

  Top Comments:
  1. @josephvideoediting [37 likes]: Join Ultimate Editors (My Online Video Editing Community)
Click Here: https://www.skool.com/ultimate-editors-5412/about
  2. @LukyClips [1 likes]: slow down pls
  3. @aimxxgaming: In this video is so much going on
  4. @ifghostsworeblack: yoooooooo
  5. @DrivenBoyFitness: Younger Joseph's edits are quite funny lol.
How long did this video take btw? Do you remember?
  6. @SamuraiiNinja007: awsome vid thanks..way to fast to be easy guide though lol..
  7. @Negus_Films: This video is not beginner friendly 😂
  8. @ays7466: This is toooo sped up for a tutorial video, made me nauseous
  9. @tackydesign6064: holy shit video doesn't start until 2:50
  10. @Ari_Rexter: Clicked off immediately when I heard ai 🤮...
  11. @DIGITAL7Media: I'm and older designer wanting to do more video editing. I lvoe the pace this kid has. If it's too fast for people then they can change the speed. Love it! Great great tips.
  12. @emersonrodrigues2716: how long does it take to make this editing?
  13. @AlishbahImtiaz: Whoa! Watching this makes me appreciate editors like you even more
  14. @gourav.4iya187: Make any tutorial on how do u edit your video like this one.
  15. @m.irfan786-q2x: Bro i need your video raw footage i want practice it please
  16. @enzoguerra7499: Where do you edit like that
  17. @SEOExpert23490: Joseph i follow you last 1 year 5:54 this time you show a some presets and plugins in a drive but i can't find it..
  18. @EditDistrict-r6r: 1:53 this man looks like Epstein bruh
  19. @LawrenceStagner: Well, the next generation does have an attention span of a stoat.
  20. @iftikharafridi1941: That's not helping newbies, its just like you are selling your own content not helping others.
👎

- i wasn't invited to coachella.. so we did it at home: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. Today is going to be a productive [music] day as usual. First, I'm going to cook me breakfast because I'm starving and then I'm going to organize my new closet. Then I'm going to go to the gym. I'm also going to dress up for Coachella because I was not invited to the real Coachella. So we got to do it at home. Also videos with Angelo. Also have an exciting package coming today. So we are going to unbox that and do some computer work because what is a productive day without computer work? I have a lot to do. So let's get right into it. >> [music] >> Brush my teeth. What in the tripod is this? But you know what? It low-key works. Let me show this. We have the food I'm going to eat later and then we have a thing of jelly. Okay, I should eat. Before I eat, I always make sure to drink a good amount of water because like when you eat, you get full and then you don't even have space for water. So I always drink the water first. A boiled egg. Oh my goodness, it's so beautiful. Am I the only one that thinks a boiled egg looks beautiful? But like look, it's like perfect. I've been eating this same breakfast for like 2 years now because I'm the type person that when I like something, I love it. That's why for the longest time I wore the same shirt and pants every day because I'm like, I like what I like. Always pray [music] before you eat. If you're having breakfast too, let's pray together. Thank you God for giving us food. I hope that it nourishes us well, gets us ready for the day and it's such a blessing to even have food on the table. So thank you so much and in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Now I can eat. Mhm, needs more salt. Call me crazy, but I love eating in silence. If I'm watching something, I feel like overstimulated and sensory overload and I can't properly taste the food. And I always clean the plate because I don't waste food. And once I'm done with that, Oh, I got papaya. Papaya is my favorite fruit in the whole world. I like to eat it with coconut oil, cinnamon, and salt. Like kind of like as like a topping. I don't know I don't know how to explain. Don't knock it till you try it. Forgot to mention that I always finish breakfast with a protein bar before the actual gains. Yes. I'm here. I'm so sorry for talking with my mouth open. And this is my closet. My dad just built it a couple of days ago since I just moved into a new room. It's a disaster. >> [laughter] >> So, let's do like a quick time lapse of me putting all my clothes away cuz maybe that's satisfying. Even though I did not finish yet, my personal trainer keeps texting me to go to the gym. So, I'm going to get ready, go over there, and then when I come back, I'mma finish this. So, let's get changed. Woah! See the power of editing? Let's go to the gym. At the gym with my my personal trainer. Are you usually in videos or no? No. Yeah, I figured. So, you'll just hear her. Oh, we got to stretch. >> Okay, what am I going to do today? You're doing 2 miles under 5 minutes. I'm recording it because if I didn't record it, then it didn't happen. Okay, got it. 2 minutes and 58 seconds. Let's go. That was enough for today. No, no. That's warm-up. We're going to go do squats. Oh god. That's so painful. But now we have to lock in. We finished the gym. Yes. Now we are driving. >> How was your workout? >> a lot of pull-ups. Is that like harder than the actual workout or video? >> Usually I do like three sets, but like a video will do like 12 [music] sets. So, like it's harder in a different way. >> So, now we're going to my house. Yes. And I have to finish organizing my closet. You got that. We just finished the gym and ate. Now we're going to get ready for Coachella. Well, we're not actually going to Coachella cuz we didn't get invited. And it's over. >> No, it's But you know what it is? It's overrated. That's it. Yeah. Exactly. Unless we get invited. Like if you want to invite us like next year. >> Exactly. not overrated. It's actually awesome. Let's do that. I got to shower and do my hair and makeup. Just got out of the shower. Now I am drying my hair and I'm going to do my makeup. I finished getting the top half ready and Angela's in the bathroom. He is currently showering. And before he went to shower like Angela went in to hug me and like I look he was like, "I'm not going to hug you in sweaty gym clothes." Second I mean. Anyway, while he while he does that I'm going to finish my closet because I have so much clothes and I'm like giving away like a lot of it. I haven't worn these in like I don't know like at least 3 months. Oh my goodness. Wait, Angela you want to put it on and see what it looks like? >> This like doesn't feel right. Like this feels like illegal. Guys, look what I found. Watch this. We're going to get Angela's reaction. How do I look? Oh my goodness, I can't see cuz I'm wearing contacts. Oh well. Can I come in? Look. Look cute. You want to be gosh weak. >> The team Jenny. Yes. Yeah. Guys, that was a lame reaction. Is that a camera dirty? Do you want me to redo it? Did you guys hear that? Angela faked it. >> And I will be donating all those clothes. All right. Angela, come and frame. What? I'm not going to hug you in sweaty gym clothes. >> You took a shower. >> Our Coachella fits arrived. Let's see what's inside. Whoa. Oh my goodness, this is this is actually kind of cool. What the heck? Is this a skirt or is this a top? I don't wear anything other than normal clothes like low key so I wouldn't know. Oh and this is a top. Wait, but like she's low key eating. This is going to be so good. All right, we got our fits. Look what we look like. We have a New York themed Brazil shirt. We have jean shorts, Jenny's dad's belt, Havaiana flip flops because Brazilians love their Havaianas, a bandana, and then we have a ribbon to match. That's me. Clock her, Angela. >> [screaming] >> I love it. I got on whatever you want to call this hat with sunglasses that make my vision impossible to see, so I have to have them like down with the Thanos stone necklace. Don't make me snap. >> A cow purse. Grass fed. Grass fed. Yes. Uh with a brown top, a skirt that looks like something you'd wear at a funeral. Oh. The belt's pretty cool, but like it keeps falling off. Whose fit is better? Comment below. Excuse me, could you describe your Coachella fit for me, please? Yeah. I have a Prada sunglasses, $50,000. >> We just finished filming our TikToks in our fits, and honestly, I am ready to go back into my normal clothes because like I look insane. This is going to be so good. I got a vlog camera. I've been recording on my phone, which there's nothing wrong about. The only problem is like I'm like mixing all my videos between like all my shorts and like everything else on my phone. My phone's been dying. Like it has not been convenient. So, I ended up getting a vlog camera, and we are going to test it out and see if it's good. Okay. Oh my goodness, it's so cute, and it's like pocket size. It's perfect. [music] Put in the battery. Oh, this looks nice. Okay, I'm not going to lie. There's something about the iPhone camera that just like hits. I feel like I look distorted. Is it just me? Maybe I need to figure out how to use it, right? Yay, I got this thing on. It was like low-key Okay, but why was I swinging it all around? Like it was not designed for that. You know what? The camera's low-key dead, so let me charge it, and we'll use it soon. >> Oh my goodness, I just locked in and did computer work for like 2 hours. That was productive, but [music] it is now 10:20 and I haven't taken off my makeup and I haven't done my skin care routine and I haven't gotten ready for bed and brushed my teeth. You know when you're so tired and you don't even want to do that anymore? This is why it's best to do that like 2 hours before going to sleep, not right before going to sleep because that water is going to be cold and it's going to wake me up now. It has been a long day. Oh my goodness, you can barely see me. I hope you have an amazing whatever it is for you. Good morning, good night, afternoon, good night. And I love you so much. Thank you so much for watching. [music] Click here to watch another video. YouTube picked it out for you based on what you like watching. You haven't clicked it yet? I'm not going to sleep until you click it. >> Okay, I'm going to sleep. Good night.

  Top Comments:
  1. @elgraekjerstin7585 [1 likes]: I lowkey LOVE ur body i wish i had the same too😫
  2. @aanaya-n1r [1 likes]: Nice video
  3. @davidolguin5301 [1 likes]: How does it feels to date you're best  friend
  4. @ImmortalOffical [1 likes]: Jenny you sound like a fucking man😂
  5. @SophiaAcosta-b8i: Hi good morning 👋🏼🩷⭐
  6. @SophiaAcosta-b8i: Hay🌷💗
  7. @XimenaZuniga-h4z: JENNY HOW OLD ARE YOU ARE YOU 19
  8. @jonicministires9115: THE COPE IS CRAZY😫😫😩😩😩😩
  9. @rzelalem: Jenny we are waiting the next vlog Please Please post it 😭😭😭😭😭😭
  10. @jobybloxT: And subscribe
  11. @EmnaPiric: I think your birthday is may 9th and so is mine so happy birthday
  12. @SameehaChowdhury-x1n: 8:12
  13. @SameehaChowdhury-x1n: Ilysmmm jenny ❤❤❤❤
  14. @seidyvazquez174: X e❤😢🎉😢phttrtet333😢4yh3uu3ug 😢🎉
  15. @MadonnaGere: I beat stage 2 cancer!
  16. @DASWEATIGOAT: I always clean my plate too 😁
  17. @lizakela2445: Try to Keep posting quotes on your communities as it is always motivating 
Thanks ☺️ Jennie
  18. @AntonioHickman-r5p: Rest in peace
  19. @IdontPost0: i luv your videos jenny <333❤
  20. @Justsofia-ih2lg: Hey Jenny I love there's vlogs plsss do more

- If I Started a YouTube Channel in 2026, I'd Do This: Kind: captions Language: en If you can get these three things right, then you're completely off to the races and your channel will explode and you'll become a millionaire. So, in this video, I'm going to take my last 6 years of experience on YouTube and I'm going to try and condense it into a three-part framework that I would follow if I was starting a YouTube channel completely from scratch today. So, I call this framework the part-time YouTuber blueprint because my course is called the part-time YouTuber Academy. And I've taught this system to more than 2,300 students over the last 3 years. Now, there's three levels to this framework. If you're new to making videos, and in this context, I'm starting a YouTube channel with zero experience, completely from scratch, we're going to start with level one. Level one is get going. And this is like your first three videos. Now, if you're starting completely from scratch and you have zero experience, then a huge hurdle that holds people up from starting a YouTube channel is actually just not getting started with the thing in the first place. So, what I'd be doing is I'd just be making three videos. Maybe they're shorts, maybe they're videos I don't even edit, maybe I'm just making them on my phone and speaking to the camera, and uploading them to a new YouTube channel. I would create a channel, create maybe some channel art on Canva or something like that. And this is kind of like the first three dates that you go on someone if you're in the dating world. You know, you're kind of getting to know them. You're seeing if you vibe. And in those three videos, I get some pretty good insight into how I feel about making videos. I'm going to be absolutely terrible at it because like with any skill, it takes ages to get good at the thing. But at least at the start, I've made some kind of effort in doing it. Like for example, if you're watching this right now and you haven't yet started a YouTube channel, I suspect the thing that's holding you back is probably overthinking. I suspect it's probably overthinking about your niche. What the hell do I make videos about? Why would anyone watch my content? Will people at my job respond poorly to the fact I have a YouTube channel? All of that overthinking just gets in the way of people. That's why level one is to get going and just make those first three videos. Because to be honest, YouTube is a lifestyle choice. What you're trying to do, what you're signing up for if you're going to take this seriously is making videos every week for the next like several years of your life. And so it's worth flirting with it for these first three videos and just seeing how you feel. If you don't know anything at all about literally how to hold a camera, how to hold a phone, how to edit a video, how to make a thumbnail, how to start a YouTube channel, then there's loads of free content available on YouTube. Anyway, once you've gone on these first three dates, once you've made these first three videos, at that point, you have a choice. And this is choice number one. This is, do you want to be in a casual relationship with YouTube or do you want to be in a serious relationship with YouTube? Now, casual is like, I'll make a video whenever I feel like it. Maybe I'll film a video on a holiday here and there. serious is I am committed to this and that would be obviously the position that I would be in if I was starting YouTube completely from scratch today. I would actively decide consciously commit to being in a serious relationship with YouTube. That means just like if you're in a serious relationship with a person in real life, you want to try and see them at least once a week. I would want to be committing to making at least one video a week because that to me is taking it seriously. You know, a YouTube channel does not grow if you if you treat it casually. You cannot accidentally lock into just having a big profitable YouTube channel and that kind of stuff. you have to actively take it seriously. And then once I've committed to taking YouTube seriously, I'm now ready to go on to level two. Now level two is what I call get good. Um, but I would say in brackets get good enough because in level two we're going to be making our next seven videos. And the point of these seven videos is to get better at the craft of making videos. Now the thing with YouTube is that there are a lot of skills wound up in being a good YouTuber or being a successful YouTuber. There's titles and thumbnails and filming and talking to a camera and like structuring your stuff and storytelling and being reasonable at public speaking if you're going to show your face. And then being reasonable at research and writing and animation if you're not going to show your face and then actually editing which takes absolutely ages and understanding analytics. There are so many skills around what it takes to be an effective YouTuber. Again, in this model, we're starting completely from scratch. I don't know any of these skills. I don't know how to talk to a camera. Don't know how to edit a video. So, I need to spend these next seven videos actively trying to improve the craft of making videos. Crucially, at this point, I'm still not worrying about my niche. I don't give a toss what my niche is at this point because all I'm trying to do is get So, my next seven videos in this get good enough stage are going to be I'm just making videos on whatever I feel like. Maybe I just absolutely freaking love these Stabilo pastel colored highlighters, so I might make a video about my favorite highlighter pens. Maybe I absolutely love this Dbrand Ali Abdal palettes collaboration phone case and I can make a video reviewing that. Maybe I absolutely love this book that I have on my desk at all times, Show Your Work by Austin Cleon, so I can make a video reviewing the book. It does not matter what the video is about. What matters is that we're getting better at the craft of making videos. And we're not trying to overthink our niche at this point. And again, to use the relationship analogy, this is where you get to know each other a little bit better. You're learning more about the other person. They're learning more about you. And across these seven videos, and 3 + 7 equals 10, so 10 videos in level 1 and level two. Across these 10 videos, you're getting to know the craft of making YouTube videos, but you're also learning a little bit about yourself. Maybe at this point you're even having to confront your own emotions around like fear of what other people will think and judgment and self-doubt and all of these other emotional hurdles that can get in the way of us building a life that we love. And so I'd be making these seven videos on top of my other three and I would just be uploading them to my YouTube channel. At this point you might also want to learn how to get better at editing if you happen to use Final Cut. I have another course about this. It's completely free on Skillshare or it's included for free as part of my part-time YouTuber academy if you want. That'll be linked down below as well. By the way, if you're enjoying this video so far, I would love it if you could give us a thumbs up. Apparently it really helps for the YouTube algorithm. Anyway, once you've gotten beyond level two, at that point you have to make the ultimate choice. And the ultimate choice is, do you want to treat YouTube like a hobby, having made 10 videos, or do you want to treat YouTube like a business? And on the hobby to business spectrum, let's say hobby is zero and business is 10, where do you land on that spectrum? You're not allowed to pick five. And if you do decide at this point that you actually want to treat YouTube as a hobby, that's totally fine. But if you decide that you want to lean towards the business end of the spectrum, if you decide like I would if I were in your position that I want to treat YouTube very seriously and I want to treat it like a business and I want to be a professional rather than an amateur when it comes to YouTube, that takes us on to level three. And level three is get smart. Now, at this point, we need to actually understand the game of YouTube. So far, in these first 10 videos, we've just been trying to make videos that we enjoy. But to really grow a YouTube channel that can potentially change our life, we need to understand what is the game that we are trying to play. And there's basically three things. There's only three things that YouTube cares about when it comes to growing a YouTube channel. And if you can get these three things right, then you're completely off to the races and your channel will explode and you'll become a millionaire. And those three things are number one, click, number two, watch time, and number three, satisfaction. So firstly, the click. This is the importance of titles and thumbnails and idea generation and concept. No one is ever going to watch your video unless they click on your video. And so the first step to success on YouTube is earning the click. Your titles and thumbnails and concepts need to be sufficiently intriguing that someone actually clicks on the video. Secondly, we have watch time. Now, the YouTube algorithm cares a lot about how much of your video someone has watched because the YouTube algorithm is ultimately trying to serve the right video to the right viewer at the right time. And so, if a viewer is watching a lot of your video, it means they're getting continuous value from that video. And so, watch time is a great signal for the algorithm to then promote your video to more people that are similar to that viewer that watched it for a long time. So, we've gotten people to click with our title and thumbnail. We've gotten people to watch the video with everything about the video actually being good. And then we want to leave people satisfied. Now increasingly the algorithm is talking a lot more about satisfaction. It's looking at signals according to my YouTube partner manager who I speak to fairly regularly. Signals like you know likes and comments and things. But also YouTube has started putting these surveys for a percentage of their users that you might have seen when you're browsing YouTube. And they've got tons of other signals for viewer satisfaction. So it's not necessarily that you need to get people to watch 100% of your hourong video, but YouTube has good ways of knowing were people satisfied as a result of the video that they watched. So, having understood the game, we now need to talk about strategy. And this is where we're allowed to start thinking about our niche. But at this point, we have to think, okay, there are zillions of videos uploaded to YouTube every single day. And so, your video needs to add enough value for the person on the other end to think that it's justified as an investment of time and attention on their part. You're not just competing with the other stuff that's on the side of YouTube in the suggested videos and watch this next. You're competing with their phone. You're competing with things happening in their real life. You're competing with every other distraction in this person's life. So this is where strategy comes in and this is where it's really important to figure out what is our niche. Now the way that I've been teaching this for the last 3 years on my YouTuber academy I think makes a lot of sense and that's you know the question of niche gets people focused on the wrong things. I think a niche is actually two things. It's a target and it's a value. So in the start of my YouTube journey in 2017 the target for my YouTube videos was people applying to medical school in the UK. And the value I was giving them was helping them get into medical school in the UK. And that is a very clear target and a very clear value proposition which is how my channel grew in those initial days. Now in our YouTuber academy we have a whole like 2-hour long session where we talk about how to figure out your target and your value proposition. But kind of long story short, basically what you want to do is you want to figure out what are your own interests and what are your own strengths and what are your own unfair or competitive advantages and who are the people that you could potentially help or serve with your content. And then you kind of combine all those things and you make a few hypotheses about, okay, I could potentially be helping small business owners manage their accounts or I could be potentially helping dentists run better ads on Facebook or I could potentially be helping students in Indonesia get better at studying for their exams. Like whatever that target and value is, those are different niches that you could potentially enter with your YouTube channel. And so that answers the question of why should someone watch my videos? It's like I'm the videos are targeted to that person and I'm giving value to that person and therefore people are watching my videos for the value that they get. Whether it's entertainment or education or inspiration, there's always value that people want to get from your videos otherwise they wouldn't watch them. And then the next question we have to answer in the strategy piece is why would someone watch my videos rather than the other videos on this topic? Now most niches that you might want to go into on YouTube are kind of crowded these days. Productivity, personal development, all this this kind of stuff ridiculously crowded. And so you need a way of standing out in a crowded market. So again, the method that we teach for this, there's like two things to understand here. There's number one, the market, and number two, your edge. So firstly, we've got understanding the market. And here we want to apply the principles that a business would use, which is why we're treating YouTube as a business. Let's say you wanted to start a new business. Let's say you decided, I want to open an Italian restaurant on my local high street. You wouldn't just decide to open an Italian restaurant on your local high street. You would do some market analysis. You would see, what other Italian restaurants are there in my local area? What are the restaurants that there are in my local area? What are the coffee shops? What's the clientele like? What are the what's the sort of income of people walking through the area? You'd be doing a lot of analysis before you pull the trigger and just randomly decide to open up an Italian restaurant. And so, we'd analyze the market and then we'd figure out our competitive or authentic edge. And this isn't necessarily about being better. In fact, I think being better is like the worst way of doing this. Firstly, cuz better is in the eye of the beholder and also just takes way more work. But there are loads of other domains in which you could stand out. For example, in terms of the depth of research you go into your videos, in terms of storytelling, in terms of editing, in terms of relatability and authenticity, maybe you're a male in a female dominated industry or female in a male dominated industry. Maybe you're the only person of color who's making that kind of content. And so, you're appealing to other people of color just like you. And so, there's loads of these different ways that you could stand out in the market. And you just need to figure out what is that like what is the market and what is my edge. Now, once I figured out the strategy, the next problem I'm going to run into is that it takes a large amount of time to do all of this stuff. Well, especially if I've got a full-time job, especially if I've got a family and friends and I want to maintain my health and social life, it's actually really hard to make make the time to do YouTube. Well, unless of course you quit your job from day one and that kind of like again, I'm assuming if I start YouTube completely from scratch, I don't have the ability to quit my day job. And this is quite a lot to do. There's a lot of stuff you have to do to be good at YouTube. And it's really, really, really hard to do it in, you know, 5 to 10 hours a week. But what I've learned over the last six years, and I'd incorporate this kind of knowledge into my starting YouTube from scratch, is that if I build systems, systems and leverage, then I actually can do YouTube in somewhere between 5 and 10 hours a week. And again, this is thinking like a business. It's like if you go into any McDonald's anywhere in the world, you'll get basically an identical experience because the systems and processes that McDonald's have built are absolutely incredible. You can put any 16-year-old into any of the positions at McDonald's basically, and they'd give you the same result because the systems are so good. So, what I'd be thinking is, how do I build systems for my YouTube channel so that I can create valuable content that my audience finds interesting and useful within my niche that's strategically aligned to what I want to do, but do it in a way that doesn't take up large amounts of time. Now, if you've gotten to the end of this video and you're interested in potentially building systems for your YouTube channel and saving a lot of time, that's exactly what we teach on my part-time YouTuber Academy. And we're going to be doing our final live cohort of the course in April and May of 2023. So, that this is the last time we're doing a live cohort. I've done seven life cohorts for over 2,300 students in the last like 2 and a half years. But now it's kind of getting a bit boring. Firstly, because I've been saying the same stuff repeatedly for the last 3 years, but also now that this channel has grown and about to publish my book and all this other stuff's happening. My life is going in a direction where running live online courses is no longer compatible with other cool stuff that's happening. But basically, the whole course is about how do you build systems and processes and tools and templates to operationalize and scale a YouTube channel just as if you were treating it like a business. And I've been building these systems and tools for my channel for the last 6 years. I've taught it to 2,000 plus other students and so we'll teach that to you on this live course as well. And we've got some really cool looking graphs and testimonials as well from people who have taken the course in the last like 2 and a half years and whose channels have exploded and it's just super interesting to see. And the course has a 60-day 100% satisfaction money back guarantee. Also, I get that the course is pretty expensive because it's live and it takes a lot of effort from like me and like 10 other people in my team to make this happen. But for the last 3 years, we have been offering scholarships to people who are in financial difficulty who can't afford the price of the course. And this time again because it's the final life cohort that we're going to do. We have doubled the amount of scholarship places that are available. So if you want to take YouTube seriously, but if you're in a financial situation that means you can't afford the price of the course, then you should absolutely apply for a scholarship. We spend a lot of time looking at these applications. The team spends ages reviewing them and so if your application is good, you'll get a scholarship to the course and then you can join this community of 2,000 plus part-time YouTubers. It's absolutely sick. Anyway, that'll be linked down in the video description so you can check it out. And if you enjoyed this video, you might like to check out this video over here, which is my top 10 tips for beginner YouTubers. So that might be interesting for you. Thank you so much for watching. Have a great day, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [273 likes]: Hope you enjoyed the video!! If you fancy getting more creator-focused tips, join CreatorNotes - my free, weekly newsletter - https://go.aliabdaal.com/creatornotesytp
  2. @IndustrialProductDesign [2 likes]: He will change it to 2027 in few months😂
  3. @nocontentleft [1 likes]: I have never trusted anyone who is a fast talker
  4. @kucingjinak88: "who is watching in 2026". IAM FROM INDONESIA 😂❤
  5. @mg.shahriar: Thanks for the advice. Just started my YouTube channel. Started posting tech reviews . Keep going guys. I know lot of you can relate?
  6. @AlexRiverfrontDIY: Ive done this behavior in another industry and become wealthy.  This was the best of these types of videos.  You taught people how to be succesful in anything.
  7. @elevators_escalatorsandme: ali abdaal never misses with these youtube advice videos honestly 👏
  8. @mediocrehousebeats: wow
  9. @Crescitaly_com: The secret to long-term growth? Consistency + strategy. Crescitaly helps you master both. 📈
  10. @GentleRidesCo: Thanks for mentioning Indonesia❤️🙏🏼
  11. @MalikaLithgowIslam: Sorry, I stopped watching at 0:44 because you're talking way too fast. I'm not a robot, I want to listen and absorb and reflect. Maybe you can make a video about that.
  12. @TabassumPatel-u8y1d: Ye video mujhe gemini ne suggests kiya hai kasam se
  13. @divinesimona333: Love your videos, so usefull, thank you!❤❤❤
  14. @NostalgicNightSounds: Why is YouTube telling me so many huge videos have 0 views today??? To make me feel better about my low views 🤗
  15. @chrishelsilva707: brother thankyou so much . while i was watching your video my head started blasting with ideas . thankyou again bro
  16. @explorewithranjann: Thank you
  17. @mediaclipsdotlore: Here in 2026 tryna see what ppl like ,want ot need
  18. @ninaheidecke: Can you please create a playlist with only Videos with how to start and drive a YouTube channel ❤. I just want to watch this Kind of Videos now and I dont want to search so long for it. 😊 Thank you.
  19. @PuppyDog-g9u: He change 2026 for video posted 3 years ago
  20. @Multi-AccountMastery: The whole three-level “get going, get good enough, get smart” framework honestly removes so much pressure around picking a niche on day one and makes it feel like a real long-term relationship with YouTube instead of a quick hack. The way you boiled success down to click, watch time, and satisfaction at level three has me rethinking my whole upload strategy, and I’m even tempted to use a couple of pre-aged channels from accsmarket just to grind through those first 10+ “practice” videos without overthinking my main brand.

- How to Get Your First 1,000 Subscribers on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en What is the most practical way to get 1,000 subscribers on YouTube? You've probably seen a lot of videos about how to get 1,000 subscribers on YouTube, and sometimes they're really frustrating because your channel feels stuck. So, in this video, we're actually going to be talking about the best method for getting 1,000 subscribers on YouTube even if you don't have any video editing skills, you don't have Michael Jordan or Taylor Swift levels of talent, you don't have any fancy gear, or you don't have any experience. That's okay, because when you follow what you're going to learn in this video, and especially some of the tips I'm going to be sharing towards the end, you're going to see how practical it can be to grow your channel to your first or next 1,000 subscribers. I'm also going to be sharing a tip that I learned uh for YouTube growth from Dave Ramsey, Gary Vaynerchuk, and Marie Forleo that any of us can apply, and it's probably going to surprise you. And then we're also going to be talking a little bit about keyword research and how to come up with video ideas guaranteed to get views. All of that is what we're going to be covering in this deep dive training session on the ASQ method, the simple path for gaining over 1,000 subscribers on YouTube. And today's session is brought to you by vidIQ.com/think. Shout out to them for sponsoring this video, but more on them later. Now, if you want to start a YouTube channel, here's how I think of it. It's kind of like building a house. Like if you want to build a strong house, you need the right tools. And if you want to build a successful YouTube channel, you need the right tools. Well, what do I mean? Well, if you're trying to accomplish a goal, like if I'm trying to get this screw into a board, it's going to be very difficult if I don't have the right tools. I'm going to put a lot of effort into it. I might be using that wrench as a hammer, and I'm going to be banging the screw up. It's like not really going in. The wood's kind of getting torn. It's going off sideways. You could actually be be a lot of effort into trying to accomplish your goal, but having a ton of frustration because you don't have the right tools, right? And so ultimately, if you have the right tool, all of a sudden all the frustration goes away and you start to get results. Well, ultimately, if you're building a house, you need a hammer, a saw, a screwdriver, a tape measure, a level. Uh well, if you're building a YouTube channel, you need the right tools. Now, those do come with how do you make a video? How do you do a title? How do you create a thumbnail? Sure. But what we've learned at Think Media is there's actually like methods. They're kind of like video strategies. We've actually created 16 different video strategies that have helped our students get silver play buttons and grow their YouTube channels and go full-time. And we're going to be talking about one of those methods today. It's basically a tool that is going to help you reach your first or next a thousand subscribers. And the reason people struggle to grow on YouTube is because they're ultimately making the wrong videos, especially when starting out. They're making videos about this and that, but stuck and it's a ghost town. It's like a tumbleweed just rolled through your YouTube channel. And one of the ways to fix that is not necessarily by making a better video. The mistake people make is they think if I just had better editing, if I just made a better thumbnail. But if you're making the wrong videos, then no the best editing in the world is not going to help you. So that is where we started to develop what's called the ASQ method. And here's a broad overview and then we're going to unpack depth for the strategy throughout this training. And so the ASQ method stands for this. It stands for answer specific questions. Answer specific questions. The most practical way to start getting views on YouTube with no experience, no fancy gear, is using the ASQ method. This is number one of 16 different strategies to start getting views, but what I love about this one is it's also the easiest. It's like the most practical to get started with. And 70% of viewers use YouTube to help them solve a problem. 70% of viewers that are watching YouTube use YouTube to help them solve a problem. You could put that another way. A problem is a question. Man, how do I solve this problem? How do I reach this goal? How do I get a date with a person? How do I recover after divorce? How do I build a video editing PC on a budget? How do I beat this level in a game? How do I lose some weight or gain some muscle? How do I prepare for retirement or set up a trust? People are asking questions and they're going to YouTube to ask those questions. So, here's something for you to write down. What is a question that your ideal YouTube subscriber wants to know? Now, we need to take a pause to for this strategy because you might go, "Well, Sean, I don't know who my ideal YouTube subscriber is." Well, I'm glad you brought that up because ultimately knowing who our ideal YouTube subscriber is is going to be a huge key to crafting the proper content and answering the right questions. And so, who is your ideal YouTube channel? Who is your channel for and what problem does your YouTube channel solve? Then you can start answering the questions that people care about. So, let me give you an example. On Think Media I started Think Media back in 2010. Today, it's multiple content creators. It's pretty wild what it's turned into. But, I started it after I had started multiple other YouTube channels and I'd managed YouTube channels for different in the beginning pastors and authors. I'd done small YouTube channels for small businesses in Marysville, Washington, like a local Mexican restaurant and things like that. So, then I started to realize people were asking me questions about what camera should I buy? How do I start a YouTube channel? How do I grow with video? How do I do these different things? And even more specifically, people are wondering, well, how do I find music that's not going to get me flagged for copyright? How do I find music that's legal to use so that YouTube doesn't take away my monetization? So, I made a video on the best copyright-free music for YouTube videos, the top three sites. Now, this is answering a specific question. So, if you go to the YouTube search bar and someone types in, "What is the best copyright-free music?" Now, notice this framework, the ASQ method, one of the big mistakes people make is they just they just do the AQ method. It doesn't work, the answer questions method. Because you might go, "Well, Sean, it's too crowded to do this. It's too late to do this. In a 2024 world, does this work?" Uh you know, it still works, but not if you just answer questions. A lot of people are doing that. You need to answer specific questions. Like, if you're new to this, you might be like, "I wouldn't even have used this language." Like, "Best copyright-free music." Even more specifically, "for YouTube videos." It's incredibly specific. It's like, "What's the best music?" The music needs to be copyright-free. What's the use case? YouTube videos. There's like four or five layers of nuance in terms of the specific question I'm answering. Well, what were the results? This will show you the power of answering specific questions. This video was uploaded on June 11th, 2018. Revelation number one, you can upload a video answering a specific question 5 years ago and still get views today. Revelation number two, the vi- the video is still getting 1,055 views every two days. It is 5 years old. So, this video's growing my channel. Revelation number three, YouTube search is where those views are coming from. So, remember we just saw the stats. People are going to YouTube looking for answers to specific questions. Well, there's the 1,055 people basically every day that are doing that still 5 years later and the video still gets views. Revelation number four, one video has earned me personally $37,260.37 just from ad revenue. So, the objection someone might say, well, you know, I do ASQ videos in my small niche or my small channel topic. I only get a couple hundred views. I'll have a couple hundred views, you're not going to make significant money off of AdSense. But I think the myth people believe is that answering specific questions can't be lucrative. I don't know about you, but this video has earned $37,000. It's a decent amount of money. Like let me know in the chat if you if if like you could use an extra $37,000. You know, revolution revelation number five, doing this has also grown my channel 55,000 subscribers. So, we're talking about in this video how to get your first 1,000 subscribers. I hope that your self-belief is increasing. Cuz you might say, Sean, you've been doing this for a while. You're you're an expert at video. I'm just starting. I'm nervous to get on camera. Well, so what if you only got 1/55 of the results that I got here? That'd be 1,000 subscribers from one video. Now, when you're starting from scratch, maybe you do 10 of these. Maybe you do 20 of these. You're going to get to 1,000 subscribers following this methods this method and over the next 5 days in our challenge. And if you are watching the YouTube version of this, we're just streaming the first session. I'll be telling I'll tell you a little bit more how you can join that later. But but see the power of how to of how answering specific questions can ultimately generate massive results. And Think with Google revealed that 86% of US viewers say they often use YouTube to learn new things. So, ultimately, you packaging answers to questions, teaching people skills, like showing people different things, 86% that's wild this amount of people to reach. But you might say, "Okay, well, but Sean, isn't it too late to do this? In a 2024 world, isn't it too late to do this? Like and aren't all the questions already answered?" And the good news is, no. Cuz there will always be new questions. There will always be a need of fresh take on information. And you'd be surprised. There are still tens of thousands of questions that are unanswered all across YouTube. You just need to learn how to find them. In fact, meet Larry. So, Larry is a chartered financial analyst. He's faced a lot of challenges on his journey. Um his career was in history and finance. And for several years, he really struggled with comparing himself to others. Originally, he actually failed the level three CFA exam, which caused him to get super discouraged because he was getting passed up for job promotions. But you know, sometimes the setbacks in our life actually are the setups for our biggest opportunities. Because what he ultimately decided was, "You know what? I actually want something different for my future. I want more freedom. I want to be able to express my creativity." And so, through perseverance, through growing his confidence, through developing the right mindset, and through learning new skills, he actually stepped out as an entrepreneur and as a creator. And he posted his first video on June 9th, 2021. He didn't post it 10 years ago. "Oh, if I started YouTube 10 years If I only would have got into YouTube 5 years ago." No, he got into YouTube like like what? Less than 2 years ago. Okay? And if you notice, too, no fancy camera, no fancy experience. He had no experience when he posted his first No fancy editing. There was it's very basic. Nothing fancy about his content. But here's what's crazy about Larry is that in 6 months, his channel grew 53,000 subscribers. He actually got 1,000 subscribers in 1 week. And Larry actually joined our YouTube challenge, our Tube 1K YouTube challenge, Got 1,000 subscribers in 1 week. After 6 months, he got almost a million views. He posted 13 videos. You know, he's over 100,000 subscribers now. But, one of the things that Larry does, what's his strategy? What is his methodology? One of the big tools in his belt, answer specific questions, helping his viewers learn new things, and helping his viewers solve problems. So, if you're actually watching the public stream of this, and you're interested in being a part of the challenge Larry was a part of, you can register at learnvideo2023.com. If you're already in the challenge, shout me out. Um we're streaming multiple places right now just for this first session. And so, we're going to be covering so much content. This is session number one of five days of content and training, totally for free. But, in this session, we're going to be talking about new YouTube stats you need to know, the powerful strategy I discovered from Dave Ramsey and Gary Vaynerchuk, how to use the ASQ method specifically to get views and subscribers. And then also, this is probably the most powerful part of this entire video. And it's how to unlock unlimited motivation and to overcome fear. Because no matter whether you're just a beginner or even if you're advanced, I know for me, fear keeps showing up and and trying to talk me out of my dreams. Like, that it's sometimes hard to get up, get motivated. In fact, even as I was prep- All weekend long, I was I had a massive computer crash. Like, on Friday, my computer said boot disk is, you know, it needs a boot disk, and there was a fried circuit. And I was like, oh no. Now, mind you, my computer I was using it since 2015. So, it's an 8-year-old computer. It was Irresponsibly, I had to let the dust accumulate on the inside. Like, I'm sure the fans were just full of dust. My fault. So, I I spent all weekend long rebuilding things. And of course, even this, I was feeling insecurity. I was feeling like fear is Am I going to be ready? Like, nervous, my you know, so whatever you're going through, at the end of of training is probably the most important important part, so stick around. And then also, if you're sharing out your part of this challenge, tag me on official Think Media on Instagram and use the hashtag grow with video. Post a story or something if you're watching this or you're on YouTube. I love seeing your battle stations. You hit that selfie battle station camera if you have anything, even if it's just like your cat, a notebook in your kitchen, and tag us official Think Media on Instagram #growwithvideo across social media. Why YouTube? So, why YouTube right now as we are going into a 2024 world? Why YouTube? Well, new stats actually just dropped. YouTube continues to grow. Right now there is 2.7 billion monthly active users on YouTube. And that number continues to rise. You could see as it grows every single year. But one of the reasons why this is an important stat is I know the mindset a lot of us have. Man, YouTube is so crowded. There's so many big channels. There's people that are ahead of me. They got started before me. But I want to encourage you and ask you this question. You can engage with me. Who's the most subscribed YouTuber on YouTube? Who has the most subscribers? What channel has the most subscribers on And I want to frame that question as you're thinking about that in light of is there anybody on YouTube that's reaching everybody on YouTube? Well, if you answered Mr. Beast, you could say that maybe he's the most subscribed independent creator. I don't think that's actually true anymore because he's not really independent. He has a team His team is massive. He's spending millions per video. David E says the Indian channel. Yep. T-Series. T-Series for sure. T-Series is up there. Another one that you'll see is Cocomelon. This is the channel I'm an expert at. Right now, I am an expert at Gracie's Corner, Blippi, Cocomelon, and Jason. Like these five and then Lego Build. So, so some of the kids channels are some of the biggest. And uh Living Fierce says Cocomelon. And so all that to say is that the most subscribed channel is something around 250 million subscribers. 250 million. Now, that's impressive. But if you were to think Sean Cannell that's funny. Uh that's impressive, but but compare 250 million to 2.7 billion. What does that tell you? It tells you that even the biggest channel doesn't even come close to the size of the YouTube platform. What does that reveal? It reveals that people are different. Surprisingly enough, not everybody likes Mr. Beast. Surprisingly enough, not everybody watches Cocomelon or T-Series. Big shocker, right? There's different people that approach YouTube cuz some people want to learn things. Some people want different types of entertainment. Some people have really niche and specific hobbies. Some people are just a community of of a thousand subscribers or 5,000 subscribers. And that can actually be incredibly profitable and we're going to be talking about the math. Here's the thing. The competition thing is is a myth. Yes, there is competition. But I think you're underestimating the market size. You're underestimating how big YouTube is and YouTube continues to grow. And so ultimately in business you you'd call it supply and demand. And the demand for good content is skyrocketing on YouTube. People are hungry for good content for their specific passions. Their their unique thing that they want. It's not just about oh, the big YouTubers and the big companies running channels. No, it's about the opportunity to reach not even a million people. To reach 100,000 people. Not even 100,000, to reach 10,000 people. And we're going to be showing you how to do that obviously as we're talking about getting your first thousand and beyond. But here's the other opportunities. YouTube is localized in more than 100 countries and is available in over 80 languages. I spoke at VidCon this year and one of the biggest talks on the industry floor was about the impact of YouTube around the world. So if you live in a country that's not the US or Canada or Australia or whatever, you have a big opportunity to get in on these different languages and the opportunity of YouTube being in different countries. Some of the biggest opportunities for growth are that I spoke in Panama a while back and what was interesting was I was at like an influencer event in Panama and they were like, "Yeah, basically we're tracking behind the US, but we're about 5 to 10 years behind." That is actually an opportunity because where sometimes it feels like certain markets, you know, are again more saturated internationally, massive opportunity. Now, there's also the TubeFilter article that revealed 200 million people are earning money from digital content creation and that was back in March and April of 2022. So, this about a year and a half-old stat and these numbers continue to multiply. The financial opportunity on YouTube continues to expand. In fact, Yahoo Finance put it like this, "The creator economy is the fastest-growing segment of small business." This is something to consider if you're talking to a family member and they're like, "You want to make YouTube videos?" Like I was I was made this video where I was talking about like college compared to like blazing your own path compared to being an entrepreneur and somebody commented like, "You're telling somebody to like drop out of college to make YouTube videos?" And I was kind of like, "Well, that's not exactly what I said, but I mean, sir, if you want to be literal, Yahoo Finance actually it's not just like, "Oh, I'm just making YouTube videos. Like, what a dumb hobby." This is the fastest-growing type of small business, sir. Like, I don't know if you saw the Yahoo Finance article, this isn't just, "Oh, some hobby now." This is a practical, leading business model. Have you looked at the economics? Have you looked behind the scenes? This is me like responding to a TikTok comment. Like just just like derailed. I respond with like five paragraphs of data. But this is what I think is important. Think about the data. The creator economy is the fastest growing segment of small business. Back when people thought like, oh, this was just like maybe a hype thing. Like no, there's real skills to this. There's real economics to this. There's a real business model to this. And this is learnable. You can learn how to make this a full-time thing. You can learn how to make this a lucrative opportunity. In fact, Goldman Sachs said the creator economy could approach a half a trillion dollars by 2027. What? Like it's it's the total addressable market is 250 billion right now. It's going to double in the next four years. So this is important to know because I don't want to, if I'm starting a new channel, I wouldn't want to start something if the market was on decline. Like because I wouldn't have the wind in my sails. You know, I think Warren Buffett put it this way. He said, "If you're going to be paddling the boat, you might as well be paddling with the current." Like it's going to be really hard to paddle up a river, but if you're going with the river, you're like, man, you ever done that? You ever been in like a lazy river with your kids and you're like, you're flying there. You're flying through. I was doing it with my son Sean Bradley the other day and I was like, man, we're legends because the current was carrying us. I didn't have to carry him with all my own energy. Getting into the creator all right creator economy right now, the current will carry you. Because it is going to double in the next few years. This is my opinion. This is Goldman Sachs research. And so the truth is YouTube is healthy, it's growing, and it's the most profitable platform to establish your brand on right now. But here's one of the things people forget. In a 2024 world, people really forget this. YouTube is the second largest search engine in the world, still. And yes, suggested traffic. Meaning YouTube recommending your videos. For YouTube geeks, meaning like, oh no, you know, the new style of of YouTube is to write a particular title that's really curious based and a shocking thumbnail and go viral. And I would agree with you. But what I would also challenge you with is if you've been studying YouTube and creating content for 2 years, 4 years, 5 years, 6 years, 10 years, or whatever, well, then you understand that. But as we're going to unpack in this training, remember I said no editing, no fancy skills, no fancy talent, no fancy Like when you tap into the powerful thing about search is it's powerful to get started. Not just because it's a a good way to get practical views, but it's also a powerful way to get started because of its simplicity. Let me illustrate like this. I mean, I remember when I met Mary from Mary's Nest. And by met, she actually joined our program Video Ranking Academy back 5 years ago, okay? Now, she's a former New Yorker living the simple life with her sweet husband in the Texas Hill Country, and she wanted to become a content creator. So, she loves traditional cooking, bone broth, ferment, sourdough, and she wanted to share her passion on YouTube showing people how to be a modern pioneer in the kitchen no matter where you live. But she didn't know where to start. So, she didn't know how to edit, she didn't know how to film, didn't know how to do YouTube right, didn't know how to make a video, didn't know what videos to make, okay? So, she started to shoot in her kitchen, she started watching Think Media, she eventually joined our program, and she started to shoot videos in her kitchen. And following our system, she started to build her confidence, and she started creating videos. And what videos did she start with? Answering specific questions. She used the ASQ method. And because YouTube is a search engine, she started to think about, okay, keyword research, topic research, what is it when it comes to traditional cooking, what topics do people really want to see? So, one of the videos she made was a video on homemade apple cider vinegar with the mother. Now, remember, this is not just to answer questions. This is answer specific questions. Now, if you're a kind of weird health natural living kind of person like me, you like you're into weird stuff, then you know what the mother is. And if you don't, you're about to be grossed out. Because just to be clear, if you're making homemade apple cider vinegar with the mother, that is like the slimy fermented mushroom that floats around in the beverage. And when you're drinking it, you get kind of kind of drinking like a little slug. It's kind of like slimy. And you're like, I think that's doing something good for me nutritionally. I'm not sure. It's kind of gross, but I think it was good for my health. So, anyways, it's not just answering a question. Think about how specific that is. Okay. And you'll notice her title. Here's her video at the top. We call that a ranked video. Okay. So, how to make homemade apple cider vinegar with the mother DIY scratch recipe for beginners. Um and that is answering specific questions, right? And now notice, this video has 847,000 views. What? So, these videos can get big views. And this is what's wild about Mary. Is she started doing YouTube when she was 60. She just turned 65. She just got a book deal from Random House, and she's about to hit a million subscribers. She's about to get that gold play button. So, the truth is YouTube is the best way to impact the world with your message and content from wherever you are. You know, her vision is whether from the kitchen to in a city apartment or a house in the suburbs, or a farmhouse in the country that anyone can join her in preserving traditional cooking skills, and find joy living as a modern pioneer in the kitchen. What's your vision for who you want to impact? What is the difference you want to make in the world? I know we want to go full-time on YouTube, and we the problem with a vision like where there's no vision, the people perish, but where there is no money, the vision perishes. So, we need money for the mission. We need money for the vision. But, I know you also want to make a difference. You know, one of our goals here at Think Media is to help a million purpose-driven people create a full-time living doing what they love while making a difference in the world with YouTube. And so, that's why when we think about Mary, we love her purpose. She like wants to bring traditional cooking into urban cities, into house in the suburbs, farmhouses, find that joy, have more vibrant, have more impact, have more life. And so, all of that different stuff. It's the power of also just getting started. Punching fear in the face, not having all the answers, starting messy, but starting with a strategy that works, the ASQ method. And you know, this is my story of answering specific questions. Sean, how did you discover this and kind of what was the background? Well, see, I grew up on 6 acres an hour north of Seattle. And everyone like in my high school growing up, um wore Carhartt clothes at my school. Not because they were cool, by the way, because you know, Carhartt today, it's like, "Oh, it's fall. Let me get a pumpkin spice latte. I got my Carhartt beanie. I'm going with the girls." Like, there's like you're not actually like working in in in high school, everyone wore Carhartt because that morning they were baling hay and like had to feed all the animals before they came to school. And so, ultimately, I was like I grew up with goats, horses, cats, dogs, and um you know, I also kind of felt like I didn't really know where I fit in cuz I'm if you see in this picture, I'm wearing all skate hookups clothes. In fact, growing up, I always felt like I didn't fit in cuz I would I was a farm boy, but I also liked rap, punk rock, import cars, and snowboarding. So, I was like trying to figure it out. That's actually a fake ID that I made uh there, which didn't work. Uh you notice my name was John Blaze. Like, who did I think I was? Like, what was even happening? Got probably because of uh you know, the Wu-Tang Clan's influence on my past. But, here's eventually I got into video. Eventually, I got into video. Started to film video and um I actually got started in my local church 2003. I I did an in- internship at my small town church and I started making videos for my youth group and they were terrible. Like you'll notice here, this is some of the interns in the church. We were balling on a budget and and you can see that by the Home Depot yellow lights in the scene there. Like our lighting was from Lowe's. Like that. And that green screen by the way was from Joann Fabrics on State Street in Marysville. A lady in the church stitched together the green screen fabric and then boom we had a studio. Like we were ready to go. When you have no money, it's I This is actually a true principle. It's really not about your resources, it's about your resourcefulness. It's about seeing the opportunities around you, seeing what's available to you and being creative with whatever you have. So I started to shoot some videos kind of for our church. The first YouTube channel I started for our church was actually in 2007. And before I I I was still a little bit nervous to like start my own channel. Because it's one thing to do it for the church, it never really grew. We had 45 subscribers. You know what I mean? Like it never really This was way back in But eventually I got the courage to actually punch fear in the face and record my own video. In fact, here's a little clip of it. All right, so this is I guess the first Sean Thinks vlog and I'm going to try to vlog every single day mainly so I can remember what I'm even doing and what's going on cuz I just feel like I have a lot that I'm thinking about and I figured hey, why not share it? And if you find something interesting, that's awesome. Now this is definitely as real as it gets. So I'm not going to try to be energetic or entertaining. Um though maybe sometimes I will. But anyways, uh Yeah, I mean that's that's a that's a precious piece of history, is it not? I mean what It's obviously a really bad video, which I hope is encouraging because your first videos are going to be your worst videos. And one of the things I learned was that you really do have to start before you're ready. You have to start poop your pants scared. You have to start when you got sweat in your armpits and you're like worried, what are people going to think? But here's the good news, the power of this session and the information we're going to be covering and also our five-day challenge is so you don't have to like you can shorten your learning curve from what I was doing here. Like I mean, my plan to not be energetic or entertaining is a bad plan. Like my plan to go in the video without a plan, like right now grab your journal because let's actually make a plan of the videos you should be making. You know what I mean? Like I'm like, "Listen, I didn't have the ASQ method. I'm like, "Look, I don't even know what I'm doing." But I am glad I started because you cannot steer a parked car. You know, as you think about maybe starting or growing a YouTube channel going into 2024, like there's going to be a tension. We're like, "Wait a minute, Sean. You're telling me like research, come up with the right video ideas, and like be really strategic and make my first video, but then you also say like just start messy. Which is it?" It's both. You should just start messy. In fact, during the challenge, we're going to encourage you to post your first video. It's going to be one of the daily challenges, even if you've never posted a video. And and there's part of just moving fast, breaking things, starting messy, starting on you know, before you have the confidence because that helps you build momentum. But you also got to learn. You also want to like think about how you can make better videos. So it's not either or, it's really both, but there are two essential ingredients I discovered about success on YouTube. And we just hit one of them. You do got to start before you're ready. It seems cliché and basic, but one of the secrets I learned was that the people who succeed on YouTube, they upload videos on YouTube. I promise you that. That's That's a fact, right? You're like, "I don't know if I understand Sean's humor yet. Okay, it's a it's a joke. Like, but it's but it's also not. Like, it's really true. Like, to start you have to start. And you got to start before you're ready. But, here's another big one is you do have to commit to learning new skills. Yeah, starting messy. Starting before you're ready. But, also committing to learning new skills. Cuz, I will tell you this is embarrassing and funny as that first video is, obviously if I if I stayed there you wouldn't be here right now. Like, if I stayed there and did not commit to getting better as a communicator, to learning how YouTube works, to learning how to edit video better, how to make better videos, how to understand the algorithm and all of these things. If I hadn't continued to learn new skills. If there's one attribute that I've seen after interviewing over 350 successful entrepreneurs and and YouTubers that have crushed it with YouTube, over getting three silver play buttons, I think. I think uh this light went out, but I think that uh um this silver play button, Think Media podcast, Video Influencers, um my Sean Cannell channel, and then Think Media got the gold play button. After learning that and talking to different people, the common habit attribute of those that succeed on YouTube versus those that don't is those that succeed keep learning new skills. They keep learning, they keep leveling up, they keep studying, they keep investing in themselves. And so, that's what I had to do at that time. I dove deep into the trenches to master everything I could figure out after that bad video. Like, okay. Now, I got to I got to like, obviously that was a good place to start, but now I got to level up. So, I started to do like what you're doing. I started to, you know, invest in listening to podcasts, watching videos. Now, back when I started I didn't have stuff like this. But, I started to buy books, buy online courses to get educated not just about YouTube, but about online business, online marketing, all of those things. And in doing so, I began to see the power of answering specific questions. I began to see the power of answering specific questions in blogs, which ranked in Google, and I started to think, "Wait a minute. What if I did that on YouTube? Would it be powerful, and would that get results?" And so, I worked at Red Robin for 10 years. Um and uh there's a picture of me on Halloween. I was Wayne from Wayne's World um as a server at Red Robin, Smokey Point, Washington. But, on the right side of the screen, what you can see is this is where I started to answer specific questions. And what I actually did was I set up in my Ford Taurus this sketchy dash mount. The shot composition reveals how sketchy the like my face is in the weirdest like lower right corner of the video. But, on my way to work, cuz I was just finding a way to get videos done, messy, no editing, but I did have some experience. I did have some knowledge. I did have some results. I had edited video by the time I posted this one, around 2010. I'd been editing video since 2003. So, I had 7 years of experience on what I was helping people with. So, what was the question I answered? How to get started in video production and video editing. And I shared my knowledge answering a specific question. I got 7,000 views. Whoa. I If you're If you're sharing helpful information, it's not about the tech and all that stuff. It's about a good title, good information, and answering specific questions. And then I kept doing it. And my best performing videos, how to build a video editing PC. How to record Skype interviews, which by the way, as you can see on screen, 12 years ago, that was impossible. Like it was so difficult back in those like it's it wasn't like, "Oh, StreamYard or Zoom." And then like, "Oh, record video podcasts online." It was so challenging. So, I got 22,000 views. Watch. Because I was answering the right specific questions. In fact, this video is brought to you by vidIQ.com, but I wanted to share something with you that's really powerful because one of the things that vidIQ can help you with, and there's other tools out there as well, but this one has it is amazing, is their keyword research tool. Well, how would you use this? Well, I'm going to show you a video in just a second I did on greens powder. What is that? Best greens powder. So, it's it's it's like green juice that's put into powder form so that you can buy it and it has a good shelf life and then mix it with water like when you're traveling or when you don't have access to fresh juice to get some fiber and to get some uh different ingredients, ashwagandha and spinach or kale or whatever, right? And all these different things. why would I make a video like that? Well, on one of my channels I talk with my personal channel I talk about like health stuff and I'm really into it. So, let's say you type in something like uh green best greens powder. Now, why would you do this when you're answering specific questions? Well, what I'm actually doing is I'm using this tool and you could this is in the description, too, or I'll post in the chat. You can get a 30-day trial of vidIQ's boost plan for just a dollar. And this isn't even their most powerful tool. It just kind of aligns with this session. There's all kinds of There's their AI coach and a bunch of other stuff. But, what I want you to see is on the right side it says related keywords. It says the best greens powder supplement. And what I'm actually doing when I'm doing keyword research is one, I'm wondering this is my initial video idea, but could my research lead me somewhere else? Look at Athletic Greens, 22,000 people are looking for Athletic Greens a month, which you probably hear that sponsored on all kinds of different podcasts, but maybe you want to do a video on Athletic Greens versus something else. It's also of Athletic Greens is incredibly expensive. Maybe you want to do Athletic Greens versus uh a different brand and you're going to use Athletic Greens to get the awareness cuz that's what people know. But you're going to connect it to a brand that's maybe less known. But the reason I'm able to then come to these conclusions is doing this keyword research. And if I if I do it by search volume, I can look at uh videos on superfoods. And this also this is probably going to lead me to four or five video ideas. And I'm like, "Okay, I do want to do my review of AG1 Athletic Greens. I also though maybe I want to do Amazing Grass Greens Superfood." And that's on Amazon. And over the next 5 days of the challenge, we're going to be talking about multiple ways to monetize. Because in doing keyword research and in planning and preparing my videos according to the ASQ method, what I was able to accomplish was I made a video called Best Greens Powder. So once I dialed the video in, you'll notice it got 100 it got 186,000 views answering a specific question of what's the best greens powder. Okay? And I just shot this video sitting right over here in front of the window. Just put a camera outside the window light like no fancy lighting needed or anything. And I talked through my experience with the product I'd personally used based on something I was personally passionate about. But here's what's wild is this video has earned $20,000. Not from YouTube ad revenue, it's only earned about a thousand or fifteen hundred dollars from YouTube ad revenue. But it's learned it it's earned another 18,000 from affiliate marketing. We don't have time to get into that now. But I just want you to see answering specific questions and learning the skill set of coming up with key like topics and different things and then putting those into videos can not just get 186,000 views and grow your channel and get your first or next a thousand subscribers. But over this challenge, we're going to be teaching you multiple different ways of earning a thousand dollars. This particular video earned 20,000. It's pretty wild, right? Now, uh here's another example. I did a channel for a while called Think International. This was on Christian business success with Andre Olivier from South Africa. And like again, that would be a question would be advice for Christian business owners, tips for Christian business owners. A lot of key like knowing who you're talking to, what is it you're talking it about. And here's the crazy thing about answering specific questions. Is that when you master just this method it can open up so many doors of opportunity to you. I always kind of looked ahead at what we're doing now at Think Media, thinking about like what would be possible. But I didn't realize that on the other side of learning how to do the ASQ method, learning how to rank videos, learning how to create passive income that it would ultimately lead to where today now it's literally our company's full-time mission to help people build their influence with YouTube. Again, we've launched multiple channels that are have crossed 100,000 or a million It's led to being featured in places like Forbes and Entrepreneur and Success and getting to speak on some of the biggest stages in the industry. You know, as a guy who's been doing video for 20 years since I started out at my church. 20 years ago I started doing video. I've been doing YouTube for 16. My first camera I ever used at the church was a Canon HV30 with mini DV tapes. Fast forward to today and now we work with Canon and they pay us and they give us free cameras. Like it's just crazy to think about what is on the other side of starting, punching fear in the face, taking massive action, and answering specific questions. What brands might want to work with you? What doors of opportunity can open? I'm not trying to say it's easy and this certainly is not a get-rich-quick opportunity. This is hard work, skill building, but when you have the right strategies it can open doors to money, brands, partnerships. It was pretty wild. CNBC did a mini documentary about me. It's like this small-town kid, this college dropout, had a month of almost $40,000 in profit from doing what's called affiliate marketing and again we'll touch on that a little bit later of how it's one of the coolest ways to make a win-win-win situation for you, the viewer, and everybody involved if you do it right. Have had the opportunity to meet with and interview and connect with some of the biggest names in this kind of online entrepreneur space and just the business space in general whether a Gary Vaynerchuk or a Patrick Bet David and wrote a book called YouTube Secrets second edition. I think it's the most best selling YouTube strategy book in the world. The second edition's out now. Like 110,000 copies sold and this is why a lot of people know me as the YouTube guy or Mr. YouTube and now there's a team. And so one of the things I want to also encourage you with is that you would know since growing up on 6 acres and starting to shoot videos in my bedroom that I built every piece of these this as a solo creator to start. Because the worst mistake you can make now is number one comparing your activities or trying to imitate what I'm doing now. There's like 30 people working at Think Media now. It's a whole different era. And so that's cool and inspiring but what I'm going to be sharing with you in this challenge is what I would do if I'm starting. Is what I would do at the beginning cuz chances are I'm thinking you don't have 30 people on your team, right? And and I want to encourage you that I can relate to having to figure it out on my own, having to be the videographer and the editor and to figure out the editing software and all those points. But everything is figureoutable, friend. Everything is learnable. And I'm all I'm sharing some of this because this is what the ASQ method led to. And waiting for you on the other side, maybe you don't love video editing or you don't love it. Now if you're a business owner watching this, you might skip the video editing step cuz you already have money, you could hire somebody or you could divert some cash. But I want to encourage you even if you don't love all the little details about YouTube, you can figure them out. You can learn them but get a clear vision for the day that you to some of the things that you don't love the most so you can focus on your strengths. But out of all the different success we've had from using the ASQ method, I'm most proud of our students. Many of which started at zero and now have the silver play button or the cold gold play button. And how did they grow? Well, they grew from uh the 16 different tools that we teach. But of course, foundationally, all of them use the ASQ method. So can I really get a thousand subscribers though using the ASQ method? Let's go a little bit deeper as we land the plane. We're going to land the plane here. So the ASQ method, let's just define it. It's the fastest way to create predictable growth on YouTube. The fastest way to create predictable growth on YouTube is to make clear and concise videos that answer specific questions. If you're just starting, if you want to grow, even if you're advanced, there's a big opportunity to do ASQ from your advanced level and crush it. And making clear and concise videos that answer specific questions. Here's some examples and these are some of our VRA students. So you've got Christina Patterson who has like a female Bible study channel, how to meditate on God's word, three simple step process for scripture meditation. Answering specific Here's a video that Nolan did and actually this was a part of my research. So I was using I'm only we've shared a couple tools with you today in the session. We have like 20 tools. And as you learn to use the tools, you can spot crazy video ideas. I know we got to speed up but I want to get you these nuggets of information. You might say Sean, you know, I feel like my niche is crowded. Well, consider my niche. I'm not the only person talking about YouTube, teaching YouTube. But here's what's wild is about a year ago I discovered a video that was so basic and so simple. And I was like, hey Nolan, you should you should make this video, man. It's going to crush. And and that once you learn like on the other side of learning this that you can start like printing videos that crush it. Cuz you discover the idea, you're like, "Oh my gosh, like there this isn't really covered?" And it was on how to turn on comments on YouTube. Like so basic. It's a 3-minute video. The video has 1.4 million views answering specific questions. The video grew our channel by 6,000 subscribers, earned $6,000 simply from being able to spot the right ASQ videos. Here's a short. Did you know shorts can be searchable? They can rank and they can get views for years later. Like Omar made this short on our channel years ago and it still gets 776 views every two days. So, fact, one ASQ video can grow your channel thousands of subscribers and earn thousands of dollars. I I suppose I should say this one YouTube short grew the channel 175 subscribers. This one video from Nolan grew the channel 6,000 subscribers. So, can you get a thousand subscribers from an ASQ video? For sure. And if you start like with absolutely no skill. Like your first video is like better than mine, but still really bad. Because any video could be better than my first video. But if you're like, "Hey, I'm just getting started. I'm not energetic or entertaining and I have no plan, you know?" Like just start. But as you start doing ASQ, you do five of these, 10 of these, 20 of these, you're going to get a thousand And remember this video got 55,000 subscribers from one video. And I want to encourage you also that all niches are different. One of the biggest mistakes people make is they'll look at someone's channel and they'll be like, "Oh, like she's not good at YouTube. She only got 15,000 views. She only has 2,000 subscribers." So, we're looking at Stacy Tushl for example, one of our students, right? So, she got 15,000 views on this video, you know, only has 2,000 subscribers. But the mistake that 99% of people make is they don't see the iceberg behind people's channels. So they see some some whippersnapper getting millions of views off YouTube shorts, that dude made 800 bucks last month cuz YouTube shorts pay you nothing. Meanwhile, Stacy Tuchell makes multiple millions of dollars a year as a business owner that has products and programs and services. So she doesn't need a million shorts views, she needs the right views from the right audience. What gets interesting is let's be careful chasing vanity metrics. Let's chase the right subscribers, the right viewers for the right business model. Now you might say, "Sean, but yeah, I just kind of want to entertain people and I'm more of a comedy channel." Well, then you're going to probably need to go really broad and really wide and go really viral. But for the service providers and the loan officers and the real estate agents and the business owners, like let's go viral as well, but let's first lock in some videos that just attract to us our ideal target client because this to Stacy is a grand slam bringing her leads and clients. Which brings us though to a deeper level. You didn't even know that we could go deeper than the ASQ. You might have already thought it was kind of simple. Well, I hope I can offend you with this next point because what's even better than the ASQ method is the ASQ method, the ass Q, the ass ass ass Q method. It's not a joke. This is for real. It's funny though, but it's for real. You ready? Answer stupid simple specific questions. You might be wondering, "Sean, I think I already got it. Like why are you continuing to I don't actually think you got it yet. Like the really smart creators are going to continue to roll with me in this video because as we unpack layers of this, it's like the blooming un- onion at Outback Steakhouse. Like it just continues to There's until you get to that juicy core. Like we're going through layers to this thing. I'm trying to make a point. One of the biggest opportunities with answering specific questions is answering stupid. Like what does stupid mean? You They seem so stupid, you wouldn't even make the video. That's kind of what like how to turn off comments on YouTube. It's like, well, wouldn't I just Google that? Like why would I make that into a video? And that's what 99% of the competition did for us at Think Media. They didn't make it into a video. We did. We got 1.4 million views, 6,600 new subscribers, and thousands of dollars in ad revenue. Because we were real willing to be stupid. See, everybody out here trying to be so advanced and so smart and so Oh, I'm such an expert in all this stuff. I'm trying to be a beginner. It's called the shoshin mentality. I'm trying to have this beginner approach. Let me really get into my target audience, my ideal viewer. Let me get into their mindset. Where are they at, and how can I connect with them? So, think about the book series, Facebook Ads for Dummies, How to Be a Parent for Dummies, How to Play Baseball for Dummies. One of the best-selling book series of all time. You might actually start having more success in business and YouTube if you get dumber. You really might. Like if you actually get less fancy and less sophisticated, you stop worrying about what other people think, and you start answering stupid, so simple it seems like it shouldn't be a video, so specific it seems like it shouldn't even be made. Well, prove it to me, Sean, that the ASSSSQ method works. Well, enter exhibit one. The video on how to drill into your wall. 1.7 million views. So, we coach a lot of different people that are in our Video Ranking Academy program. Some people are like carpenters, DIY, build stuff at home, uh home improvement, home, you know, rehab, So, we got people out here like trying to go how to make a Celtic etched oak dinner table my 176 step process, how to stain it, and how to go through like that's the video they're making, the most difficult advanced like calligraphy etching and their video got 77 views. Meanwhile, somebody used the ASSS Q method on how to drill into a wall and got 1.7 million views. All right, you do you decide. Like how hard was this video to make? Not hard. That's what's also crazy is remember, this is only one of 16 tools. The cool thing about ASQ though is that it's pretty simple and sometimes the videos only take a matter of minutes and can get disproportion amount of views. You know, it was Bruce Lee who said simplicity is the key to brilliance. Wow. What if there's a simple path forward to making money online, to getting a thousand subscribers? Leonardo da Vinci said it like this, simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. So, actually maybe somebody's like, why doesn't Sean share some advanced tactics? Well, by the way, over the next four days on the challenge, it's going to get crazy. You better buckle your seatbelt. But number two, maybe simplicity is the ultimate sophistication and maybe it's not about getting crazy advanced information. Maybe it's about executing on a simple strategy that works. Maybe. Here's a video on renting versus buying a home, very basic. The 5% rule, 3.8 million views. And listen, I was shocked when I actually realized this about Dave Ramsey, Marie Forleo, and Gary Vaynerchuk. Like when I started to study their channels, for example, Dave Ramsey, you know, cut up your credit cards, get out of debt. I looked at his channel. I started to look at what he now and the other personalities on the channel do, which by the way, he gets around 13 million views a month. A lot of you wouldn't know if you were a Dave Ramsey fan, like Dave Ramsey's like one of the biggest personal finance YouTubers. And and he would never be put in that category. So you'd get you'd go, okay, so what's Dave's strategy? 13 million views a month month, what is the advanced tactics that Dave Ramsey is doing? He's answering specific questions. And honestly, many could argue that he's answering stupid, simple, specific Like, hey Dave, uh they call into the show and Dave's on there. Uh yeah, I'm here. How How you doing? Better than I deserve. And then he's like, so I'm thinking about buying a new truck. Um it's a brand new electric Ford. I'm thinking about investing in it. And he goes, well, what's your financial situation? Well, I am about $50,000 in debt and I do have $25,000 of student loan debt. Do you think I should buy the the the truck? And Dave will go, no, that's stupid. Okay, Dave, thanks so much for the advice and he'll hang up, he'll put that on YouTube and it's 46,000 views. Like you're out here like critiquing, but Dave's just answering specific questions. Not only that, he's been doing it for 30 years. Honestly answering a lot of the same questions if you were to study what Dave is really doing. I am simply trying to prove a point and the layers of this Outback Steakhouse Bloomin' Onion they're real. Because once you start to look under the surface of what Ramsey Solutions has got going on, answer specific questions is maybe more powerful than you first thought. Is my money still safe in the bank? Should I force my kids to stay home until they're 25? By the way, one of the reasons they can get these specific questions is by getting audience questions. In their case, it's a call-in show. You could actually go to quora.com. You could eventually, when your audience is big enough, you'll get your own comments, and they'll give you specific questions to answer. Buy solar panel so I won't have any more bills. How do I kick my mother-in-law out of the house? That's a specific question. Like that's a really How do I kick my mother-in-law out of the house? There's five of you right now that are like, "That's my exact question. Like I didn't know. I got to go watch that video." It's a good question, you know? So ultimately answering specific questions. But then I realized, "Wait a minute. That's what Gary Vaynerchuk does, too." Oh, he even has a show called the AskGaryVee Show. He's using the ASQ method. And and and even when it's not the show, how do I charge more for your services? Well, that's a specific question. And then I realized, "Well, Marie Forleo, that's what she's doing, too." How do I write a book and actually finish it? With a guest on a video podcast. Is email marketing dead? Three marketing myths that'll destroy your business. She's answering specific questions. So here's my question for you. What is a specific question you could answer on your YouTube channel? What's a specific question you could answer on your YouTube channel? This is where we should take action because it's not just about taking notes, it's about making notes. We're going to make your battle plan for dominating YouTube in 2024. What is a specific question you can answer on your YouTube channel? Remember, 70% of viewers use YouTube to help them solve a problem. But as we have landed the plane and as we are taxiing to the gate, I had that one promise I shared at the beginning of staying motivated. What is the secret to keeping your spark alive when launching your YouTube channel? Because the truth is, so when you start, yes, there's the Larry stories where we get a thousand subscribers. I think some people are going to get a thousand subscribers this week during the challenge. But YouTube is a marathon and not a sprint. Takes time to learn the strategies. Sometimes we want to order a light, we want to order a microphone. All that stuff is fine. So how do you stay motivated when you're just starting? Before the momentum kicks in, before the views kick in. You know, my best best answer to that question was something that I learned back in 2009. And if you haven't heard my story, in 2009 is the year my wife almost died. Her name's Sonia. At this point, we've been married 18 years, but at that time she was hospitalized for 6 days because of a medical error where they put a feeding tube from her nose into her stomach. They put it in jejunum, and instead of the liquid going into her stomach, it filled up her body cavity, which will suffocate your organs and kill you quick. And I will never forget that night where we had to rush her to the hospital, and we got her in Everett, Washington stabilized in the ER, and then they took her in an ambulance. Dark night, raining in Seattle. I was following in our Honda Civic as we went to Virginia Mason, and we stayed there for 6 days. And so, I had a long time to reflect on life, long time to worry, like and to to make matters worse, during that era, we were actually losing our home cuz of the big short. So, in 2007, the housing market crashed, and in 2009, some senior leaders at our church had a moral failure, stole some money, and so the church was falling apart. So, I actually found myself like sitting in the hospital room, seeing my wife on that bed with all the little beeps and noises from the hospital, thinking about the fact that um we're losing our house, and like what is going to happen with my wife, and what's happening in our world. And to make matters worse as well, is I also was struggling financially. I was started my video business, waiting tables at Red Robin. Um and Sonia was actually the main breadwinner, like and she couldn't work at that point cuz her health had deteriorated so much. But she was the main breadwinner working at Ivar's in Mukilteo, waiting tables. She was nannying for our friends TJ and Kevin, and then she was doing the finances for my parents. So, I felt like the whole world was falling down around me. The weight of the world was on my shoulders. And I wanted to share this lesson that I learned during that era because as I was worrying, honestly, but as I was I was as I was praying, I was like, "God, like what should I do? Like what am I going to do?" And I felt really challenged in that hospital room that Sean, you need to step up. You need to man up. You got to fight for your family. You got to fight for your future. And I almost felt like God gave me a vision of two paths. And one of the paths was just giving up. And just being like, man, everything like what's the point of fighting? What's the point of trying? Just give in to the depression. Just give in to the discouragement. Just give in to the bitterness. But then I saw like the other path, which was the path of no, I'm not going to give up. I'm going And okay, my wife's uh sick right now, but I'm not. So, I'm going to fight. My wife is going through some challenges and our church fell apart, but I'm going to fight for my faith. Like I I follow Jesus. I don't I don't follow a person ultimately. Like on Christ the solid rock I stand, all other ground is sinking sand. Like okay, we're losing a house and I see no hope cuz our credit's destroyed, but we can buy another house because we can figure this thing out. We can fight our way forward. And what I ultimately learn and I want you to write this down cuz I think it's takeaway for all of us is I learned that reasons come first, results come second. I need you to hear this and I know we're going a little long on this session, but I've learned that YouTube is not easy. Like it's going to take work. It's going to take time. It's going to take energy. It's going to take focus. And I would imagine maybe your circumstances right now are not as harsh as mine, but maybe you've been in circumstances like that or worse. Or maybe what you're facing right now, regardless your pressure is real. What you're going through is real. The pain you're feeling is real. The person who betrayed you is real. The marriage conflict and the fights are real. The chronic pain you're experiencing, it's all real. So, what is the difference between those who just go, "Ah, man, building a side hustle and actually doing the work like, ah, I just don't want to do it." and those who who do the long nights when necessary and go and stick through the challenge and don't just give up up after session one but watch all five and take the notes and learn the skills. What's the difference? The difference is the reasons. So, let me ask you, what is your reason for wanting to start and grow a YouTube channel? And here's the unlock for me. I think writing them down is a good idea. That's a good time to write them down in your journal. Writing down like, "Ah, I'd love to have a new car. I'd love to like send my kids to a better school. I'd love to like I'd love to have a dream home. I'd love to have a vacation." That stuff's cool. But I do think that when you start to write as many reasons as possible but go really deep. Sometimes what we begin to discover is like there's something that really hurts you that's happening in the world and you want to see change. This is kind of like figuring out your why. Why do I want to start a YouTube channel? And you know you're getting close to your why when it makes you cry. When you get sad or mad at what you see and you're like there needs to be people need to learn something different. Maybe maybe you're sad or mad about even the state of the YouTube content in your niche that like there's no creativity or innovation. You like you're passionate to see that happen. Or maybe there's a cause or some kind of nonprofit. Or maybe you want to make big money so you can give away big money to a cause that matters. I think this is important and and why why this may not be tactical thumbnail editing information. This is the real stuff. Because the journey from 2009 in that hospital room to today wasn't just like a linear trajectory of of no more hardship from then on out. Are you kidding me? It was, you know, highs, lows, setbacks, challenges, this, that. But what I kept coming back to was my reasons. And for me, it was my family. It was, I got to figure out how to pay these medical bills. It was, I got to figure out how to fight for Sonia. It was, if we have kids someday, which the doctor said we couldn't, how are we going to be able to take care of them? If we are if we're going to build a business, could we ever I mean, daycare or nannies? Like how are we going to afford that stuff? I started thinking about all that in the hospital. I was like literally thinking ahead. And I started to get a fire. I started to get reasons so strong that the results were inevitable. Cuz it was like, I'm not going to quit. I'm fighting for these reasons. Reasons come first, results come second. And keep telling me your reasons, and our whole Think Media team is inspired, and we like to capture those and like kind of just see because it's so inspiring to hear the stories. But now fast forward, what happened on the other side of starting on YouTube, learning new skills, and not quitting because I was driven forward cuz it wasn't fame and fortune. By the way, I'm not like some saint. I understand the upside of building a personal brand. So I was pumped, of course, for the financial opportunity, and yes, it's like cool to, you know, have more followers or subscribers. But sometimes that stuff I found is like really not That's a cool byproduct. It's not a good main reason. Man, when you get those strong main reasons, for us, now 13 years later, 14 years later, it's been cool to see through medical treatments and a lot of prayer, my wife Sonia still has challenges, but is flourishing. Powerful mother, CFO of our business, powerful leader, discerning, incredibly beautiful human, my best friend, 18 years. And then we we this miracle boy, John Stephen. I don't even have time to tell you the story. I mean, Sean Bradley. I'm already at the point I don't know my kids' names. I don't know what we're doing. I haven't been sleeping. We got our 3-year-old Sean Bradley who's just amazing, and then God blessed us with John Stephen. And fast forward, my other reasons were I want to teach. I want to make a difference in the lives of people. I think I have something valuable to share and to see the reach of the message. It wasn't overnight. It wasn't without hardship. But I didn't quit. And the videos got crispier. You saw my first video? Like, you know what I mean? Think about like All right. So, this is I guess the first Sean Thinks vlog. this, you know, like just lights lightsaber in the background. 1% better at a time. One video at a time. Think Media growing as a team on the other side of reasons come first, results come second. All the students, and here's my question for you, and I and I'm done here. I'm going to give you the recap. But this is probably one of the most important things. Who is waiting for you to show up and take your dream seriously? Who is waiting for you to show up and take your dream seriously? I I had two paths. I could have quit. And honestly, people around me probably would have said the average person would be like, "It's reasonable. You I mean, you were going through it. Like, I don't blame you." And I don't think that's even the point. It's not about blame or shame, but it is about choices. Who's waiting for you on the other side of taking your dream seriously? Because if we look just at who's here on screen and who's inside of Video Ranking Academy and subscribers on our channel, it's crazy to be like, "What if I kept my dream locked up? What if I gave into fear? What if I I just gave into the discouragement?" It's a weird parallel universe. So, who's waiting for you to show up and And why do you ultimately want to succeed on YouTube? I want you to rally on that question because because getting clear, we are purpose-driven entrepreneurs. You want to get clear on your purpose, clear on your why. Because reasons come first and results come second. And so, here's our recap. YouTube is healthy and growing. I want you to use the ASQ method to get 1,000 subs and beyond. Remember, we have our napkin plan. What are some specific questions you can answer? Write down your goals and reasons that you want to succeed on YouTube is number three. Because we want to build upon those. And man, just the the chance to buy whatever camera you want, go on vacation, get all those captured as well. Well, how much money do you want to make a month? What's your ideal income? Write all that down as well. But also, what is your why? And there is a There's a framework for that of asking why seven times. Well, I I just want financial I I I want to make 10 grand a month. Why? Well, because I want less stress. Why? Well, because I I don't want my wife to be under the pressure of the bills. Why? Well, so that we might have an environment where we could really raise kids. Why? Because we really want to ultimately create a legacy. Why? Because ultimately generations. See how like it might take some time and and this is even some homework as we do this challenge of why is it that you want to succeed on YouTube? Remember, commitment is the foundation of all great accomplishments. Committing to start. But before all that, I want to challenge you to commit to not missing one of these challenge sessions. We're just getting started. We have a quick tip every single day, four more days. We have four more deep dive sessions. We have special guests joining us. And so, make sure to if you haven't actually joined or registered, you're not fully in the circle group, learnvideo2023.com to be a part of the Tube 1K Challenge. And as we land the plane on the YouTube video, uh click or tap the screen to watch another video. Smash like if you got value and join the challenge at My name is Sean Cannell, rhymes with YouTube channel. We're going to go over to the group now where we have got some extra giveaways and some daily challenges and things like that. So, I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [46 likes]: To Watch the Rest of our Sessions This Week Join Our FREE YouTube Challenge to Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube here! 👉 http://tube1kchallenge.com/
  2. @ShadowboundChroniclesDarkL-r8u [3 likes]: I know that I am more than afew days late and more than a few dollars short as well for your 1K challenge. But, I can tell you thank you so much for this video. It has caused me to think more seriously about my Youtube channel than anything else has. So all I can say is THANK YOU!!!
  3. @teejay9373 [2 likes]: I really appreciate that. You take the time to bring scripture into what you teach.
  4. @Jameyallenrose [1 likes]: 😂 “It’s a practical business, SIR!” Don’t be a Karen, SIR! 😂
  5. @LianeMendez [1 likes]: I hope so because my channel is not growing.
  6. @keepitsimpleannasue: Yes! We could use an extra 33,000! Lol. For sure.
  7. @Jeffhouston: I don’t think that light was ever on 😂
  8. @vanbraxton8422: All the money (tools) you have where are the back up computers😅
  9. @CareBear1394: @ThinkMediaTV how can I answer specific questions when my niche is scripted tv series and reality tv show recap and character analysis and giving my views on viral internet content? If someone in the comment section can help me answer this question that would be great. As I am starting a Youtube channel soon. Any advice would help
  10. @Martifactual: The ASQ and ASSSQ methods are honestly why I started my channel: I saw a massive niche with thousands of videos but I noticed that the simplest questions aren't being answered but are instead assumed known by everyone in the niche. I aim to fill that demand.
  11. @natpay01: Your analogy of a lazy river is a good one. The thing about a lazy river is that you can go with the flow and just go where the river takes you. Trouble with that strategy is that some times you hit an eddy and just sit in one place.  Then you can paddle and go faster. Buy if you just paddle you will be hitting walls and other people. But, if steer the river you avoid the eddies, miss the walls, and other people. So just like the river your tube needs to be thought out and controlled. Thanks
  12. @Nyumc99: Blessings to you and your family Sean. Great content that inspires  us all. Thank you 👌
  13. @RRRCUK: Good evening from England. I am a full time military man and just started watching Think media. I have a young family and aspire to put my hobby forward to film. I listen to your videos on my daily commute. I don't watch much but get a lot of input regardless.

I have just a phone to film and no computer to edit. Let's see where I can take this. I have 5 years left in the military. Do you think I could make a living? 

Kim
  14. @Itzz__kimcruz: I want to get my first camera is it advisable to go for the duluvulu 4k camera?
  15. @almadefuego.s0y: Thank you for this eye opener video  and the motivation to get started. It was priceless for me in this moment ❤ God bless you greatly 🙏
  16. @glitchy9437: 22:33 that's the problem lol
  17. @Shoneacleaningservice: I've viewed this video at least three times, which inspired me to begin uploading content to my YouTube channel on a weekly basis over the last few months. Currently, I have 18 subscribers. A key takeaway for me has been the importance of creating videos that provide answers to questions.

Thank you for sharing such valuable insights.
  18. @ChristopherBorchard-mp8qj: are you related to the legendary TV writer Steven Cannell?
  19. @BDWPPRODUCTION1: Me too that's where I'm at
  20. @BDWPPRODUCTION1: It in me the message got to come outa me your spot on

- How I Make Money Bitcoin Mining (You Can Too): Kind: captions Language: en i make 100 a month mining bitcoin on my personal computer and so can you in this video i'm going to show you how to mine bitcoin on any computer yes any computer i know that bitcoin mining or any sort of passive income is often seen as something that needs an initial investment however nowadays anyone can passively mine bitcoin without buying an expensive mining rig there are several websites that allow you to mine bitcoin personally i use nicehash to get started you sign up using your email download the miner by selecting the best option for you and you click the green arrow to start mining you can also leave this on at all times even while using your computer thus making this passive income do keep in mind though that doing harsh activities on your computer such as gaming will slow down the amount that you mine and when you're ready to cash out cash out through coinbase you can also open an account with the link that i left in the description which also helps the channel profits do vary based on computer specs so the more powerful computer is the more of mine you can check your potential profits in the link i left in the description and of course in order to mine effectively you do need to mine more than the cost of electricity and this website makes it super easy by doing all the calculations for you personally i make around 100 a month however my profits can go up to 150 dollars without turning off my computer but i do shut it off to avoid breaking or overheating it i also have the new series 3070 graphics card which is worth around five hundred dollars and because it's new it's able to mine and process a high amount of mega hashes being 55 while consuming a low amount of energy this means that two old gpus mining the same 55 mega hashes will consume more energy and cost more overall either way personally i still live on my parents so i don't have to worry about the electricity though now is it worth building a mining brick well i do suggest looking further into it personally i've thought about it and i'm still considering it this is because i know that it's a very profitable investment and it pays itself off fairly quick points of perspective that it takes several years for most investments to pay itself off for example assuming that the s p 500 increases 10 percent each year investing 10 000 in the s p index would make your money back in 10 years with an additional one thousand dollars a year however investing ten thousand dollars in a mining rig would make your money back in approximately three and a half months with an additional thirty three thousand six hundred dollars a year i'm not sure if i did the numbers right but you can pause the video right now and check my math and possibly leave in the comments if i did something wrong but i think this is around how much you would make your money back if you built a mining rig regardless you do need to put into consideration that cryptocurrencies do fluctuate in price it's just unreasonable for an asset price to tank from a single tweet anyways thank you for making it this far into the video please make sure to like and subscribe this is not financial advice

  Top Comments:
  1. @NICODABOSS-dm6cj [35 likes]: Who is watching this in 2026
👇
  2. @ClaireF-c3d [3 likes]: no one gives a shit
  3. @FootballIsLife-c6u [3 likes]: Who is in 2024🎉
  4. @AarizKhan-v5b [2 likes]: People in 2026
👇
  5. @judymccullagh8115 [1 likes]: Me
  6. @Joon-q6f [1 likes]: 0:00  a legend was born on a bed
  7. @hedayasalouhi4329 [1 likes]: Sembra un porno
  8. @kontikii999 [1 likes]: Hi Jenny, any other mining sites please? NiceHash has all services to  UK residents
  9. @tiffanymiddleton6178: 4 years ago
  10. @ps4clips-p7s: Who's here at 2025
  11. @ウィーザーweezer: Who's in 2025?
  12. @yvonneyu4779: so this was the original huh
  13. @AlfredoRangel-y2c: How much you make on  YouTube
  14. @Camgolf23: Hi
  15. @blessedPOV: I'm so much interested in this 
Just got a new subscriber,i hope to get this far someday
  16. @SyedHabibOthmanZaidel: wait how u make videos peoples can likes your videos ?
  17. @louierivera1011: thanks for sharing
  18. @Gratefulxgreg: This is pretty dope. Can’t wait til I’m a big YouTuber like you ! Love your videos ! Keep it up ! And your mom is soo funny !! ❤
  19. @dayangjym93: Please subscribe my channel guys😊
  20. @Isdatlilicockroach: And. Here. A. Legend. Was. BORN.......

- This NEW Method Is Blowing up Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Every day, thousands of small channels just give up because sadly, most people never make it past 1,000 subscribers. Not because they're particularly bad at YouTube, but simply because they couldn't survive the invisible growth phase. Now, what you might not have known is it took Mr. Beast over 2 years and 300 videos to hit his first 1,000 subscribers. Now, he could have easily just given up after a year and a half, but he didn't. He powered through the invisible growth phase and now he's the biggest YouTuber in the world. So, in this video, I'll explain what the invisible growth phase is and how you can survive it. And at the end of the video, I'll also share a quick four-step plan that you can take away with you right now and start straight after this video. So, firstly, it's important to note that the algorithm doesn't hate you and it's definitely not working against you. even if it feels that way sometimes. It just doesn't know who you are yet. And the truth is the algorithm doesn't judge creators. It simply just reacts to data. So when you upload a video, YouTube quietly pushes it out to a small test group. That group may or may not be interested in your content. Some of those people will simply just scroll straight past your video and ignore it. But some other people in that test group might watch, click, and maybe even subscribe to you. And based on the results of that small test, YouTube will then decide whether or not to test it again, this time to an even bigger group of people. The better your video performs in each test group, the more push the algorithm gives it. Think of it like a matchmaking system. The algorithm is just trying to pair your content with the right audience. Sometimes it gets it right, sometimes it gets it wrong. So just stop blaming the algorithm. Like it doesn't have feelings. It's not out to get you. It just doesn't know who you are yet. Now, your job as a small channel is to keep uploading, keep testing, and let your profile data build up behind the scenes because the more data that the algorithm has on you, the better at matchmaking it can become. And that's then where exposure comes in because your channel isn't small, it's just underexposed. This stage, the small channel stage, isn't about talent. Like, you don't need to be the best editor in the world. You don't need a fancy camera, expensive lighting, or years of storytelling experience. What you do need, though, is just to learn how to get discovered. And getting discovered on YouTube as a small channel is all about your titles, your thumbnails, and your SEO. As I've said a million times, the video itself, yes, it matters, but it only matters after someone clicks. And right now, the reason you're not getting views is because people aren't clicking. It's not that the algorithm hates you. It's just that the people the algorithm is trying to show your video to simply aren't interested in it. But look, overall, your mission at this stage is simple. Don't obsess over perfection. Obsess over clickability. Your title and thumbnail are your handshake, like your first impression. Nail those two things and you'll start building exposure. Now, I do have a short mastery course dedicated to ties on thumbnails. So, if this is something you need to improve, which I can bet it probably is, then hit the link in my bio and get my titles and thumbnails mastery course now for 50% off. This then brings us on to the 100 video rule, which is where a lot of small creators go horribly wrong. But the one rule I always share with small creators is you need to make at least 100 videos. Not just for practice, which is still a huge aspect of which we'll talk about next, but also because every single upload you ever post is feeding the algorithm valuable information. Like YouTube is a machine that learns through repetition and pattern recognition. Like every title you write, every thumbnail you design, every viewer who clicks or skips your videos, it all becomes part of a data profile around your channel. Like the algorithm starts to learn who watches your content, how long do they stay for, who skipped past, what types of titles attract your ideal viewer, which videos bring back returning subscribers, and so much more. So each new uploaded video is like a new data block. And over time, those data blocks compound and build up. This allows the algorithm to start piecing together patterns about your ideal audience. And when that picture becomes clear enough, it begins recommending your content more confidently to the right people. So the more data blocks you give it, the better the algorithm gets at being able to find the right audience at the right time. Now, sadly, most creators quit before this data stack has had enough time to build. But the ones who keep going will eventually hit the tipping point. And the tipping point is super super important. But we'll discuss that next. So the real challenge is this. back. Can you stay consistent long enough for the algorithm to truly understand you? Like, can you survive the quiet phase before the compounder kicks in? Because most people think that consistency just means uploading every week. But that's only half the equation. If you upload 100 videos without learning, evolving, or improving anything, that's not grinding. That's just autopilot. That's just ticking boxes. Like, the only type of consistency that actually works on YouTube is evolving consistency. You upload and you tweak. You test. You reflect. You look at your last five videos and you ask yourself, "What can I improve by at least 1%." Now, you might think that 1% is like an insignificant number and that won't change anything. But if you improve by just 1% per video over 100 videos, that's a 100% improvement since where you were when you first started. Like, really think about that. So, you always need to improve something with every new video you post. Even just 1%, guys, it makes a huge difference over time. Now, also, look, it's all well and good posting loads of content and growing your YouTube channel or your social media channels, but what most small or new creators often forget about is online safety. Now, my top tip is I never publicly share the email that's tied to my actual YouTube account, and you shouldn't either. Like, don't put it in your video descriptions or on your channel's about me page. There are so many hackers and dodgy people out there, and making your login, email, and sensitive data public is just asking for trouble. Like way too many times I've seen big YouTubers have their entire account stolen just because they publicly share their channel email and clever hackers got into it. Now instead I always suggest creating a completely separate Gmail account just for public use. Like that's the one you'll put in your about me page or in your video's descriptions for things like collabs or business inquiries. And by doing this you never put yourself at risk of having your channel data fall into the wrong hands. And I think it would genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is actually floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I mean like phone numbers, location data, bank details, your website history, and so much more. And the scary thing is you probably never gave permission for most of it. That's because of shady companies called data brokers, which are companies that collect your data, package it up, and then sell it to advertisers, scammers, or literally anyone who's willing to pay for it, good or bad. And as a YouTuber, especially starting out, your digital footprint grows fast. The bigger you get as a creator, the more time you spend online creating content, the bigger your digital footprint gets. And it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where something like Incogn is super helpful. They're an online data privacy tool that I've personally been using for the last 6 months now. And what these guys do is that they contact those dodgy data broker companies on your behalf and forces them to delete your data. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name and your information off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. Like they completely erase it for you. And the best part is once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So as new brokers pop up or as your information pops up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. Now, it's super easy to get started. It takes literally just a few minutes. And honestly, it gives me so much peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber or on the whole, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back now with Cogni. Use code creator at the link below and get 60% off an annual plan. Now, if you've stuck to the 100 video rule, if you've consistently improved your titles and thumbnails, and if you've let the algorithm collect enough data and learn who your content is for, then you're already doing the hard part because eventually all of those efforts compound. And that compounding effect leads to something very powerful. We call it the tipping point. This is a moment where your videos stop struggling for clicks and they start becoming recommended more aggressively. It's when YouTube no longer tests your content in random pockets, but instead it knows exactly who to show it to, and suddenly the numbers start to shift. Your views will jump. Your subs increase. Your dashboard feels alive for the first time. Now, the tipping point isn't always explosive, though. Sometimes it's subtle. Your videos start to get more consistent traffic. Your shorts finally hit the for you feed. Your long- form videos start being picked and showed on homepages on the suggested tab. But whether it's fast or gradual, you will feel the shift. Now, the sad truth is that most creators never get here. Not because they weren't good enough, but because they gave up just before the algorithm had time to figure them out. They didn't trust the data building process. They thought, "Oh, well, I'm not getting any views, so I must be bad at this." When in reality, they were likely just one solid video away from this tipping point. Now, your tipping point could be your 37th video, your 89th video, your 112th video. The timing is different for everyone, but if you keep showing up, if you keep learning, if you keep improving your strategy, and you keep building data with each upload, the odds are seriously stacking in your favor. And when you do hit the tipping point, my god, honestly, it feels incredible. Like, this is what you've been working so hard to achieve. This is when you smash monetization, earn incredible amounts of money, and start building the most amazing audience. So to hit that tipping point, which is completely possible for each and every one of you watching right now, here goes a simple four-step plan that you can take away with you and start implementing right away. Step one, redefine what success means for you. So firstly, look, stop obsessing over views, likes, and subscribers. I know it's tempting to check your analytics every hour, but those metrics don't reflect your true potential, especially early on. Instead, all small channels need to shift their focus to skill building and content improvement. Like I said, every video is a chance to improve by at least 1%. Maybe it's your pacing, maybe it's your delivery, maybe it's your thumbnail. Like, those tiny wins compound fast. So, write this down now. Like, seriously, grab a piece of paper and ask yourself this question. What does true YouTube success look like for me? Is it financial freedom? Is it a full-time content career? Is it a platform to teach or inspire people? Like once you've defined that, once you've figured it out, every single video you make from now on becomes a step towards your own definition of success, not just numbers on a screen. Step two, connect with other small channels. Like, you don't have to do this alone. Find and engage with other small creators in your niche. Comment on their videos, message them, share what you're learning, ask questions, offer support. Like, this isn't just about being nice. It's about building a community of people on the same journey. And building these connections can lead to collabs that grow both audiences, accountability that keeps you consistent, shared lessons that save you time and frustration, and most importantly, they'll remind you that you're not the only one grinding in silence, like you're all in it together. Step three, find your unique angle. Like, why should someone watch you instead of watching another channel do the same thing? That's a question you need to answer. Like, what's your edge? Maybe it's your storytelling, your humor, your backgrounds, your format, your editing style, or maybe it's just your unique perspective on a particular topic. Like, there's so much content out there, but your goal should be to stand out without trying to be someone else. Ask yourself these questions and note down the answers as well. What do you do differently? What value can you provide that most creators can't? And what's something that only you can provide to this niche? And finally, step four, commit to a consistent posting strategy. So, here's your challenge. I want you to post 100 videos within the next 12 months. That's roughly two videos a week. Not impossible, but definitely not easy. I'm not saying it's easy, guys. It's going to be hard. But if you do hit that, you'll be miles ahead of 99% of other creators. You'll be more skilled. You'll be more searchable. And you'll be more understood by the algorithm. you'll have built a really strong foundation and a content library working away for you in the background. And look, you don't need to go at it alone either. If you want structure, mentorship, and real support, come and join me as a student in the YouTube Wealth Academy. I'll be by your side every step of the way. Like every video you post, every milestone you hit, I'll help you grow faster and smarter. Like this is the long game. And if you commit now, like really commit, in 12 months time from now, you won't even recognize your own channel. So come and join me in my academy or just watch this next video that pops up here. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [249 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @BoxingBrosUK: https://youtube.com/@boxingbrosuk?si=jD7GlaMLPD7p8MzZ 
been at it 2 years a boxing influencer chanel views low subs high its a niche that is saturated i love the sport so i dont mind
  3. @dallasdragneel: i just burn out. and don't know what i'm doing.
  4. @Breakthroughoren: Love the %1 work for all issue in life !!! BREAKTHROUGH !
  5. @timelineXpert: Never give up guys!!! Work hard and consistently to reach your dreams!
  6. @ducto-p3c: how to improve sleep quality
  7. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  8. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  9. @Lanergray: Im a small channel who will not stop untill i get nore famous than uuuuhhhhhhh famous people
  10. @AnimeCubich: I really enjoy your videos good info very helpful 👍🏽
  11. @FerdousRahman-f9y: how to set goals and achieve them
  12. @IntoTheGossip: I’m a new content creator (not even 1 week in), and I’m really glad I found your channel early on. I’ve been doing a lot of things wrong, but I’m learning, improving, and adjusting my account day by day. Your content has helped me understand things better. Thanks!
  13. @tonytran07: The first bullsht is YouTube learning what you do
It isn't...  I have seen channels uploading game video constantly and gets nothing.  YouTube is a company.  It knows which would succeed and which wouldn't

Edit.  Your second point is true.
Title, thumbnail is important
  14. @HeatherEmptyNest: I think part of the issue is people get on and watch how “new creators” have thousands of subs and views in one month, not realizing it’s not their first you tube channel. 
I understand some can achieve this and that’s amazing but I can see where others get discouraged.
  15. @TheShowMeFamily: Speaking blessings on all channels that started in 2026. Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers and we battle to that 100 video goal. I believe that we can all get there together ❤️.
  16. @KnowV1ds: Small channels lets gather here! Lets groww!!!
  17. @Tailored-Winnings: Anyone and everyone. I want to help and I need help too. I'm open to a colab, I work hard and I'm willing to truly assist in any way I have the ability to do so, anyway I can.
  18. @Tailored-Winnings: I truly believe he wants to help. I know I sound like a plug but I'm a small channel, who will be very big soon, and I believe he truly wants to help me grow. You don't see that a lot lately, care, empathy, something-for-nothing.
  19. @MackShunta: 1% every video for 100 videos is an improvement of 270% . A lot more that a 100% improvement. This to pint out that what you said in the video is even more important than what you said. A small improvement  every video you post can take you vary far. <3
  20. @brooketalksbodies: Thank you for the advice! Let’s go!

- How I Actually Make Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en My shorts channel has over 20 million views&nbsp; and many viral videos. But my recent shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; aren’t really doing well. Most of them stuck&nbsp; after getting that first few thousand views,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, and again, and again. I need&nbsp; to break this cycle. So in this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will try to create a short&nbsp; completely from scratch,&nbsp;&nbsp; get at least 1 million views, and show how&nbsp; much money I made from it. Let’s dive in! - What day is it? + It’s 7 august 2023 - We need to find Isaac… At the end of this video, you will have a&nbsp; viral strategy to use in your next shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a full guide on how to make it no matter your&nbsp; niche, or experience. It’s not one of those “use&nbsp;&nbsp; chatgpt and canva to make 300 videos in 30&nbsp; minutes”, or “use this website to make clips&nbsp;&nbsp; from interviews” kind of tutorial. I tried all&nbsp; of them, and trust me, they don’t work. AT ALL!&nbsp;&nbsp; You will end up getting 0 views after all the&nbsp; effort you put in. And even if you magically&nbsp;&nbsp; get 10 million views with those ai-generated&nbsp; shorts, you can’t monetize it anyways! Because&nbsp;&nbsp; youtube doesn’t monetize repetitive content.&nbsp; And well, posting 300 mass-produced videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; is repetitive as jeff! Back to the video. So do&nbsp; not expect a copy paste tutorial here. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; to put in the work and learn how to make a viral&nbsp; short. We will go from finding the video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; to writing the script, voiceover, editing,&nbsp; captions, music, sound effects, and... BUT FIRST, we need a new strategy… This is my shorts channel. Where I make&nbsp; videos about Marvel movies. And this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the viral recipe I’ve been using&nbsp; to make my shorts. It’s basically&nbsp;&nbsp; a list of patterns that I saw in my&nbsp; high-performing videos. Even though&nbsp;&nbsp; it helped me get some viral shorts&nbsp; before, it’s not as effective anymore. You know what Einstein says? “Insanity,&nbsp;&nbsp; is doing the same thing over and over&nbsp; again, and expecting different results”. And I’m not insane… Yet. So we need an update. I’m gonna do&nbsp; some research to find out what works on the&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts right now. I’ll be back soon. So, after 3&nbsp; hours of serious research, here’s the new spell. Now, let’s get to work. This was the first mistake I was making in my&nbsp; old videos. And if you can’t make a viral short,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s probably what you’re missing&nbsp; as well. If you have a bad video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can’t make it go viral no matter how&nbsp; good you write your script or edit. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick a killer video idea? Just look&nbsp; out for trends in your niche. Or even better,&nbsp;&nbsp; implement a trend into your niche. Of course,&nbsp; taking an old topic and adding your spice may&nbsp;&nbsp; work as well. But we’re trying to increase our&nbsp; chances to the max. A short about a new Marvel&nbsp;&nbsp; movie has a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman actor published&nbsp;&nbsp; six years ago. So, I’m gonna look to Google Trends&nbsp; for a new movie that fans are excited about. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t even need to look there, because I’m a fan&nbsp; myself. I know Loki Season 2 has a new trailer.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s the advantage of being a part of your&nbsp; audience. If you’re passionate about your niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know what’s trending. Wait!&nbsp; You know this guy? He’s the guy from&nbsp;&nbsp; that movie (Everything Everywhere All At&nbsp; Once). I saw his speech at the Oscars. Mom, I just won an Oscar! Very emotional... Anyways, we got the video idea! Now, when it comes to scripting a short, I&nbsp; always thought I should keep my scripts as&nbsp;&nbsp; short as possible. Like a boxer punching&nbsp; his opponent and stepping back. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; if everything stays the same, which video will&nbsp; get more views? The one with a higher retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? But here’s the catch. Even if it&nbsp; has a higher retention, YouTube is more&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to promote the longer one, at least in&nbsp; my experience. I don’t really know the reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s probably because it keeps the viewer&nbsp; longer in the platform. And if they take retention&nbsp;&nbsp; as the main metric, people would just upload&nbsp; 1-second videos to get 1000% retention and go&nbsp;&nbsp; viral. Which is not what YouTube wants. Plus,&nbsp; YouTube shows longer shorts on the home page,&nbsp;&nbsp; where people are less likely to skip. Fun&nbsp; fact, my most viewed short got 70% of its&nbsp;&nbsp; views from the home page. Alright, here’s the&nbsp; actual data by this legend (Nate Black) that&nbsp;&nbsp; shows the duration of viral shorts. What I’m&nbsp; trying to say is, make your shorts longer. Take&nbsp;&nbsp; time to dive deeper into the details and&nbsp; make it at least this long (half a page). Another thing that will definitely help,&nbsp; is a strong hook, to make them curious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stop scrolling. For example: In Loki season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker The point here is, Loki season 2 isn’t&nbsp; released yet. So that would make viewers like,&nbsp;&nbsp; “Dude, you gave me heartattack! I&nbsp; thought Loki Season 2 got released” That’s exactly the reaction we&nbsp; want to get with the hook. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe that was too specific, and may not&nbsp; work for every niche. Here’s another one. Tom Holland knows more than you think (Jumpscare) Did you see what happened there? The first line&nbsp; made the viewer wonder, what does he know? And&nbsp;&nbsp; the jumpscare made them laugh. So they probably&nbsp; stayed till the end. Otherwise, (jumpscare). If you didn’t catch it, we’re making&nbsp; a video about the story of this actor,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ke Huy Quan. Which is a story by itself. But even&nbsp; though it’s less than a minute, adding some kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of story to your shorts makes people watch to&nbsp; learn what happens at the end. I’m too lazy&nbsp;&nbsp; to do the research, so I’ll ask Bing to write me&nbsp; the whole career of our guy. AI automation, huh? After taking useful parts and putting in&nbsp; a story, here’s the next point. Hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; the story from only one person is okay, but&nbsp; we can take it to the next level by adding&nbsp;&nbsp; another speaker. Get footage of someone&nbsp; else to tell some parts of the story,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just add memes. Remember the Oscar&nbsp; speech? I’m gonna use it for my short. I just won an Oscar! Still, very emotional Which leads us to the next key. Adding&nbsp; some kind of emotion. It can be laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; fear, motivation, happiness or&nbsp; any emotion you can think of. Don't question my sense of humor. Now you have two options. If you have a sexy&nbsp; voice, just take a microphone and read through&nbsp;&nbsp; your script. But I guess most of you are&nbsp; interested in the second option. Using, AI. Alright, there are tons of text-to-speech&nbsp; tools out there. But the one I use is called,&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs. In fact, the voice you’re listening&nbsp; to right now, is made by this thing. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a link in the description if you wanna check it&nbsp; out. Now all you need to do, is choose a voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; or generate a custom one, and paste&nbsp; your script to generate the voiceover. In Loki Season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker. It’s fine, but we can take it to the next level.&nbsp; Use commas, exclamation marks, and capital letters&nbsp;&nbsp; to get different tones. And generating it a&nbsp; few times also helps to get the best result. I will show this part in Premiere Pro, but you&nbsp; can do the same in every editing software. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure we’re on the same&nbsp; page, drag the windows around,&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a similar setup. It should look like this&nbsp; at the end. Or use whatever setup works for you. Take the voiceover you generated&nbsp; and import it to your project,&nbsp;&nbsp; then drag it to the timeline. Take the razor tool&nbsp; and cut all the pauses. Now, overlap the clips to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a faster pacing. Listen to see if it’s natural&nbsp; or not. And repeat this for the whole voiceover. Nice job! Now, we need footage to add on top. For videos,&nbsp; go to YouTube, search for things related to your&nbsp;&nbsp; topic, and download them with a random website.&nbsp; If you need more stock videos and images,&nbsp;&nbsp; use Pexels. Then, take all that footage&nbsp; and import to premiere. Cover all your&nbsp;&nbsp; voiceover with related clips. Don’t forget&nbsp; to add 1 or 2 interaction clips to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewers engaged. Look at that! You&nbsp; just made a rough cut for your video. Now the fun part begins. First, resize&nbsp; all your clips to fit the screen. Use&nbsp;&nbsp; keyframes to add zoom-ins, zoom-outs, and&nbsp; camera movements. To make them smoother,&nbsp;&nbsp; click this button, click a keyframe, and drag&nbsp; these handles closer to each other. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes the movement start slowly, go faster,&nbsp; and then slow down again. Looks better. This guy says adding some graphics like&nbsp; circles and arrows increases the engagement And actually the short I create in the&nbsp; video now has over 38 million views. Wow. So I added a bunch of things here and there,&nbsp; and used keyframes again to track points. You can’t find a single short without this one.&nbsp; It’s a magical element that is stupidly simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet increases the retention so much. This&nbsp; part is based on personal preference and&nbsp;&nbsp; branding of your channel. But to give you a&nbsp; reference, I use yellow text on a black box,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2 sizes. One small, for regular captions,&nbsp; and one big, for highlighting important points.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are the settings that I use if you want&nbsp; to replicate a similar style. But as I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s nice to make a custom one for yourself.&nbsp; That way people can immediately recognize it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; your video, and stop scrolling. That’s not the&nbsp; case if you’re using an automatic caption app or&nbsp;&nbsp; something. Because everyone else is using it too.&nbsp; That doesn’t make your channel SPECIAL, does it?&nbsp;&nbsp; So play around, make different variations, sizes,&nbsp; colors, and once you’re happy with the look,&nbsp;&nbsp; choose all the effects, and make a preset&nbsp; for each style to use it next time. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; hold alt, drag it for each new text, and change&nbsp; the words. Done! But something is still missing… Sound effects is a different video topic by&nbsp; itself, but if you have never used them before,&nbsp;&nbsp; and don’t know where to start, a free pack from&nbsp; youtube would do the job. If you need more,&nbsp;&nbsp; search on YouTube, like tension sound&nbsp; effect. Whoosh sound effect. Cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effect. Laugh sound effect. You got&nbsp; the point. Once you added enough of those,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjusted the volume, the&nbsp; final touch is, adding some music. Using a trending song would be a nice&nbsp; choice, but I like to go through the&nbsp;&nbsp; songs I personally listen to, and choose&nbsp; the one that fits in the video. Just be&nbsp;&nbsp; careful and don’t make it too loud.&nbsp; Otherwise, you may get comments like It looks too dark and pale. The solution is&nbsp; creating an adjustment layer. It basically affects&nbsp;&nbsp; everything underneath. To play with the colors&nbsp; of the whole video, cover the entire timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the effects panel, and search for lumetri&nbsp; color. Drag it to the adjustment layer. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; make it BRIGHT AND COLORFUL! Maybe not that much.&nbsp; Increase the exposure if it’s too dark, give a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of saturation, contrast, and play around to find&nbsp; what works for you. Just don’t get too extreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before finishing, I like to add this light&nbsp; effect on top of everything. I don’t know why Finally, we can export the final video It’s been 24 hours since I&nbsp; released the short. And it got… 5000 views. What? All that effort was for this? 5000 views?!&nbsp; People are right. It’s just luck. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; no formula for success in shorts. Maybe&nbsp; I should’ve chosen a better topic. The&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wasn’t good enough. Why would&nbsp; anyone even watch this piece of sheet?! The goal was to reach a million&nbsp; views. And now we’re here… - Having a bad day? + Yeah… I was just... - I know… Don’t be sad, mate.&nbsp; It’s been only 24 hours. + Hey dow'd you know m... - Rome wasn’t built in a day. Look at your old&nbsp; videos. Which one went viral on the first day? + None of them - None of them… Just give it a bit&nbsp; more time before losing your hope. + Yeah, you’re right. - And don’t just sit and wait there&nbsp; for the result. Putting all your hope&nbsp;&nbsp; on a single video, is insanity.&nbsp; And oh you’re not insane. Right? + Einstein? - Yeah, but that's not the point.&nbsp; Look, you’ve got a solid formula.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep making more videos. You’ll&nbsp; improve your skills with each one. + Okay. I don’t know who you are, but&nbsp; thanks man. I needed to hear that. - You’re welcome, my man… Remember,&nbsp; it’s a journey. Not a destination It’s been 30 days since I published&nbsp; that short. And while waiting,&nbsp;&nbsp; I made 5 more videos with the same&nbsp; formula. So, did it get 1 million views? No, it didn’t… BECAUSE IT GOT 2 MILLION!!&nbsp; After all that research, scripting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and editing, the formula actually&nbsp; worked! But that’s not all. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; what I said about choosing trendy topics? A short about a new Marvel movie has&nbsp; a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp;&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman&nbsp; actor published six years ago Well, I was wrong. I made a short&nbsp; about that interview. And it got 7&nbsp;&nbsp; million views! It’s now the highest-viewed&nbsp; video on the entire channel. So we got 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million views in less than a month.&nbsp; Earned 5 times more revenue than&nbsp;&nbsp; the channel’s entire history, and&nbsp; brought the channel back on track. So here’s the recipe and everything I used,&nbsp;&nbsp; packed in a single video. Just adjust them&nbsp; for your niche, and make your own list. However… The last short I published&nbsp; was one month ago. Views are going&nbsp;&nbsp; down again. The channel is losing&nbsp; traction. I need to break this cycle. But I guess, this time I'm not alone. So, let’s do it one last time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  2. @haydert-e9s: Good advice fr
  3. @vivik-20: Oh god! It's my first time watching your videos. I have watched 2 videos and they are just amazing 🫡 Master of " quality over quantity " 👍
  4. @Dahooperseditz: Deserved my follow actually worked
  5. @ShortShorts150: i appreciate you
  6. @ImRunningOnJava: the editing style on this was actually addictive ngl 😭 every few seconds something new was happening so my attention span stayed locked in the whole time
  7. @Spenditorloseit: I'll just keep on making videos till it virals 😂. Not expecting anything
  8. @ToonWars17: Hey Isaac, make a video on how to come up with good ideas.
  9. @Liilreseshorts: Subscribe for more
  10. @StudioSPL1: i will go viral on my new channel!
  11. @ItsjustMEykidk: peak
  12. @VeloxityMotivation: why was this video a actual masterpiece
  13. @SmartPerspective-DB: This is course for someone in primary school, i expected some advices, you made a video of how to use editing software.. point is just find actual theme steal videos and thats it you will go viral, if you have guts for it. If you don’t, like me, you will struggle and try to create something interesting.
  14. @ledesrax6998: i really really love your video
  15. @cedricfoyet-kfinance: Amazing one🫡

Thank you for the narrative. It’s so real and motivating!
  16. @thenarrque: how about jails
  17. @UNTAPEDSOUND: you only got 74isch shorts on zio ?
  18. @Leredita-kitchen: Clean look
  19. @Leredita-kitchen: Podium finish
  20. @Boring-Cash: some good stuff right here !!

- Jenny Hoyos FINALLY Reveals Her Viral Storytelling Formula: Kind: captions Language: en The V in viral stands for visual shock. So if your video is not visual, it's not going to go viral. >> Today I'm talking to Jenny Hoyos, the number one storyteller on social media. She has built a YouTube empire with over 7 million subscribers and has billions of views across all her channels. There is no one that has mastered short form storytelling like she has. >> That curiosity gap, that is everything. If an idea doesn't have a curiosity gap, then there's no reason that the viewers are going to watch. >> In this video, we break down her formula to make any idea go viral, the storytelling structure behind most of her unforgettable videos, and her number one tip to become a magnetic storyteller. Whether you're creator, entrepreneur, or speaker, this one will change how you tell stories forever. >> So, I remember in one of the videos you said that you could make any video or any idea go viral. What makes a good story for you? >> A good story for short form content is not one that is fast. Cuz I find a lot of people start trying to stuff in a bunch of information and just talk really fast. Rather, a good story is one that doesn't have many story beats and has just the relevant ones to get to the end of your story. Usually, you have a goal in the you set out for a goal in the beginning. you have a problem that needs to get resolved and you only include the very few story beats that are relevant to answer that question. >> And what entails a story beat? Is that like a challenge and a resolution or what does that entail? >> Yeah, the the way I think about it actually so I actually have a framework. So it would be much easier if I just uh say what those what those are. So uh it's a new one I came up with like two months ago and it has been working in every video. So, super easy to remember. It's the acronym viral. The V in viral stands for visual shock. >> So, if your video is not visual, it's not going to go viral. It needs to be visual. And it doesn't matter what niche you're in. If you're in in an entertainment niche, then I'm hoping it's you're doing some sort of visual challenge or some sort of uh visual story. And if you're in an educational niche, try to find a visual analogy, whether that's like with marbles or if you're using like for example the blue ocean strategy. It's a marketing strategy and it's very visual because you think about a fisherman and there's fish and there's a blue and red ocean. Like it it visualizes it. So number one, it needs to be visually engaging, but it needs to start with a visual shock element. >> Um and then after that immediately start the video. You want to start these short form videos. Unlike movies where they have to give us context and the why and the motivation of the character, with short form content, you have to get right in to the juice, the peak action like at the we're almost at the climax already. That's where the video should start. >> Uh so immediately and immediately start the video. So not giving context. And then the R is rising action. We need tension. So what's the question? What's the problem? Tell us it. The A is anticipation. You don't want to give the answer immediately. You want to give us little hints and clues and puzzle pieces. And the L, a lasting payoff. You want to make a concise ending that concisely answers the question. And the answer or if you're asking a question in the beginning of the video, like what's 2 plus two? The last word you say in the video needs to be four. If you say four and make sure to people are going to leave because they they heard four and then they're going to leave. So, if you're going to ask for some sort of call to action, uh, part of that lasting payoff is to say it before you give the answer. >> That's fascinating and so easy to remember with viral. Can we go >> so easy to remember? Yeah. >> So easy. Can we go a little bit deeper into some of those components and you give our listeners some some of the tips on how to master each one of the steps? >> So, if we start off with for example the first one visual. >> Yes. Yes. >> And if we think of let's say someone typical in the educational space, let's say I'm a I'm a life coach and I some want to make some videos about that. How could I start for example with a an enticing visual at the start? >> Yeah. So there's either two ways of doing it, which is like using an actual study of something. So if it's like a a research study and showing like um like the the results or bar graph or if it's not then giving some sort of analogy of what it looks like. So for example, I've seen um I I there's so many different life coaches that have done this type or psychologists that have done these videos and I can't I wish I could find it to show it, but usually they'll start with like a bowl of of uh a specific color. So, let's say it's like blue and then they'll have a glass that has like uh red water. So, there's blue water and red water. And they'll usually say, "Okay, this blue water is is you." And this red water is someone giving you um telling you something bad. Now, even if they just say something small, your water is still blue, but it's it's going to um it's going to be turning a different color. And no matter if you add more blue water to it, it's going to take a lot more blue water to turn it from purple back to its original blue. So like that's just like a an example. Um I've seen another great example of a this is one of the best videos I've ever seen. This one I I definitely know the the channel. So you could use this as an example. Um Gohar Khan is the name of the channel. He has a video where he has a jar and he says, "Um, so if we were to pour sand, rocks, and golf balls into this jar, in what order should we pour it in so we can fill it completely up?" And then the video is him saying, "Well, let's start with the sand and putting the rocks." Oh, wait. There's no space for the golf balls. Okay, let's do the rocks, then the sand, then the golf ball. There's still no space. But if you put the golf balls first, then the rocks, then the sand, then there is space. And that's because the way you should be allocating your time is by doing the bigger tasks because that's how you should start your day. You should start it with that foundation and then the little tasks will have space to be filled up at the end. That was such a great video um analogy. So just try to always think of visual analogies. >> Got it. That's fascinating. Yeah. Instead of just using the analogy word for word, you really you paint the scene by playing it out real life. >> Yes. >> And so the second one was immediate action. I think that's clear just boom, you start with the momentum. Can you share a little bit more about the third one of how can you get that was rising um what was the third one? >> Yeah, like rising action rising action. We need we need to know >> we need to know what we're watching for. So I think this one is um this one well they're actually all just important but I think people struggle with R and A which is like what is this conflict? What is what is this um anticipation as well? So I think we can combine those. The way I think about it is we're immediately so we have that visual analogy we're immediately starting but why are we watching until the end? That's why I think about rising action like what why are we okay not only is what are we watching till the end for but why should we care cuz the question you you you in theory could do something like how do I make my coffee okay but there's no there's nothing like >> making me intrigued about that yeah that's a question that that you're going to give me the answer to but but make us make us care so is it because um this is how I make the coffee that keeps me awake for more than 24 hours. What? That's insane. Okay, I need to know how you make that coffee. >> So, you increase the stakes. What are your other preferred ways of how do you make your audience care? That's I guess one thing is time pressure. What are some other ways where you feel like this really um goes well with any audience? Definitely I would say speaking to them something I didn't mention on in this whole framework because it all comes it you know first comes the idea before we we even get to this framework of course um but making them care kind of does come back to the idea and making sure that it revolves around them. So whatever like if you're doing something in a video are you do you're doing that to test it for the audience. Um or at the end of it they're going to get some sort of value. So you'll make them care by tapping into what they care about. Think about what makes them scared, what is going to excite them. What are their dreams? What are their um nightmares? >> Got it. Yeah. So the video should address something specifically that they think ah I need to have to solve or this is what I'm always fear fe feared about >> 100%. And something I want to add to that is it's the the wording like the certain way you word things or the order of the way you say things makes a huge difference because you could say two of the same sentences and they end up having two different meanings just because of the way that you rearranged it. Uh for that reason, that's why you always want to start your video by starting with you and then going to me. So like if if uh recently I saw a video where someone said that they were training um to run like a marathon, right? Instead of starting the video by saying I'm training to run a marathon, you want to start by saying here's how you you should train for your next marathon because this is what I'm doing. like just by like a rearranging the the way you said it and and saying it exactly like that isn't the most optimized way but the point is we always start with them and then talk about you. >> That is so fascinating because a lot of creators out there they just talk from their own experience without including their audience necessarily. >> Oh no the best creators always talk about their audience first. Even someone like Dan Martell has such a great formula and all, even in his long form videos where, for example, if he has a listical videos of like five tips, he always says the tip first and tells them how to apply it. So, it's usually like a three-step thing where he's like um the tip, how you apply it, and then his background and his story um with that specific experience. So, he's starting with them. >> Got it. Okay. Fascinating. And so raising anticipation is making them care. Anything else that you feel this is what someone definitely has to have in their story in order for the story to land really well. >> Yeah. Uh, another thing that is very difficult to do which will I I say is like part of the anticipation stage is making sure the viewer is understanding how close like where we are in the story, how close we are to finishing because if they feel like there's no end in sight, then they're just going to leave cuz they're just going to get bored. So, we want it we want it to feel like we are constantly progressing. Progression is super important. So, making sure that you are using language that makes it feel like we're progressing, like first, second, or um or even including mechanisms like what I like to do is um I like to include like if if the video is is me doing something in a certain amount of time, I'll have the timer on screen. If I'm doing a a recipe, for example, I'll have the ingredients on the top of the screen and then I'll check mark as I'm going through the ingredients so they understand how close we are to the video being completed. >> M got it. That's a good trick one. I'll try this one. If you think you've by now probably analyzed millions of videos. If you think is are there maybe like three mistakes that you see are the most common one that is stopping people from going viral where you feel like if they just fix this one thing then it would make such a big difference. I I definitely think it's it's selfish content and it's that people talk about them and not about the value that the person's going to get. Um but I think that all stems from not understanding their avatar or sometimes not even having an avatar. So I think it is really important to know who you are creating content for and ensuring that it is a market that has high demand and low supply because you can be in a market that has high demand um but there's a high supply of content creators creating that content. So you now can't be like a B like level creator. you need to be A++ the best at that niche >> versus if you're in a niche where uh the competitors are like creating content at a C level you being at a B means you're already the best at than everyone there. So um I would say knowing your avatar but also ensuring that you pick an avatar or a niche or you know those those things are are similar. If you pick an avatar then it it typically falls under a niche. Um, I think it's super important. I think that's I think that's that's I've seen creators who would try to I I've seen uh creators who've tried to be entertainment creators and they wouldn't get views because they're competing against Mr. Beast and then they niche down. Actually, I literally have a a friend that I I've helped. His name is Josh Krueger. He was he was doing like okay like in this uh in the entertainment niche uh basically competing against like Iraq, Ryan Tran, Mr. beast. But then he niched down into scootering content and now he is the best scootering content creator. Like it's it's crazy how just switching niches can make someone instantly go viral. >> That is fascinating. Yeah, that's so good to know cuz yeah, if we keep in mind oftenimes, especially when it comes to educational content or also business content right there the bar is relatively low but if we take the uh entertainment space it's pretty high. So if you apply some learnings, >> wow, fascinating. >> You talked about idea before. How can I come up with those viral ideas? >> Yeah, there's different ways to do it and I guess it all comes down to like what your niche is and you know based on that you'll know which is the best option. Like for example, for entertainment content creators, I would say that looking for outliers is the best thing. So essentially going on YouTube or platforms like view stats and seeing videos that are performing higher than average on the person's channel. So I used to do this all all the time where you would go and look for small content creators like less than a thousand subscribers and have gotten over a 100,000 views on a video. >> That means their idea whatever they did was good and you should recreate that. So that's that's one way and I think that primarily works for entertainment content creators but as far as other creators um I guess it also works for for niches in a way but then even so the issue with that is uh if the video has just come out and you create your own version how are you going to how are you going to do better than them or I guess you'd have to like find like with entertainment content you can find a twist but if it's like educational like what twist are you going to do? I guess you could try to make the video better, but anyway, because of that, it's also good to have your own unique ideas. And uh my favorite way is actually just through my own experiences um or like through content that I am consuming in other formats like uh books or TV. Um but I really like trying to acknowledge like everything that happens in your real life because everything is an idea. Um like literally like it's actually insane how how um everything is an idea for example you know how you you let's say waking up in the morning the first thing you do is grab your phone that's a hook or do you is the first thing you do in the morning do you grab your phone or do you grab your phone first thing in the morning boom that's that's a hook um everything's a hook even putting on your shoes I saw a relatable video on how like um instead of untying your shoes. Does anyone else just like slip them on and like actually spend longer trying to put them on with the laces tied than just untying them and tying them back on? Like that's that's viral. >> I think uh trying to acknowledge like things that happen in your day-to-day is really good because it happens to other people too and it probably hasn't been created yet. When people think of storytelling, they often think that it has to have this challenge that you or this mission that you stayed up front where like hey over the next 3 days I'm going to cut out all all the carbs in my life or I'm going to not going to look at my phone. People think that this is the way how they create stories. Would you say that this is how you usually look for ideas? It's usually those challenges type of videos or is there a better way? Those are my favorite stories for sure cuz the reason why I like those I like for for me personally is because when I'm going into it, I don't know what's going to happen either. So if I don't know what's going to happen, then the viewers definitely don't know what's going to happen. But you can definitely incorporate storytelling tactics in videos that don't have those traditional challengebased stories. It's just a bit trickier and you have to be more specific in the way that you are writing it. I would say >> if we take those challenge type of stories. One thing that I struggle with myself is that oftentimes I want to do a challenge but it seems like hey how do I compress that then into a 60-second video right let's say I go through this three-day challenge where I'm let's say I'm trying to speak more articulate and I'm documenting this but then it feels like hey how can I put this then in a 60-second video. Yeah, that for that reason. Actually, the first thing I'll say is I find that the best short form challenges last 10 minutes, not even maybe an hour max because you we don't want to have a lot of story beats. And if you were to break it up into three days, unfortunately, we'd be break because we don't want that many story beats. We would probably just say on day one, I felt three sentences. Day two, I felt three sentences. Day three, I felt three sentences. But you can't just break up an entire day into three sentences. Um, especially if it's a challenge, like for example, if the challenge is like eating a healthy diet, imagine breaking up on day one, I eat this for breakfast with this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, and that, lunch, like it's a lot. >> So, for that reason, I would actually encourage a a long form video. I wouldn't even say a short form series. I know people do short form series. um those work on Instagram, maybe Tik Tok, but for YouTube or just short form content in general, I wouldn't do a series. In that case, I would just make a long form. >> Got it. >> But yeah, the best challenges, think of challenges that like last uh like for short form, >> they really do need to be short stories. You need to tell stories that are really like actually just don't have much going on. >> Okay, that's good to know. And so if we take for example some educational creators out there, let's say we have this agency owner or again we have this life coach. What could be like a 10-minute challenge that they could record or document? >> I guess it depends. Like uh I've seen videos where people make a short where they try and close a client on a cold call. Like that's that's a a challenge they could do. or um could you give me like a specific niche that I could think about? >> Yeah, let's see. Let's let's stick with life coaches then for a second. And so, hey, you are in the niche, let's say, of helping helping men with confidence. >> Okay. >> Very relatable. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, I I love that. I am uh almost wondering if there is some sort of exercise that you can do for self-confidence or maybe if there are certain I guess like a that actually reminds me of a video I just I just saw of someone like talking about like how before you do anything that is is going to be publicly or you need to be confident like just to like shake and and and uh be crazy. Have you heard about that tip? >> Yeah. >> How like you just want to like shake everything off like get all the energy. >> I do that all the time. Every single time before podcast before I go on stage, I shake out my body and I do warm up routine. >> Okay, there we go. That that's that's like a a video or uh testing out. It could be even actually because it's not an episodic series. It could be a non-epodic series where you're testing out different um warm-up routines. So, um yeah, the video could start like that trying and then blank celebrities uh warm-up routine before um speaking and then giving it a rating and then doing different videos where you give it different ratings and you don't have to say that they're they're linked, but that's a format that's a great format. >> Um and it's visual because you're you're you're shaking it all off. Um, >> but yeah, I would say challenges don't always need to be like what is like typically seen on YouTube where it's like how long can I hold my breath or something like that. It doesn't need to always be like that. Um, a challenge is ultimately a problem that you want to resolve. And it can be the smallest problem possible as long as as it has a visual hook at the start and some progression throughout and a lot of twists in there. And so >> that they care about. Yeah. >> That they care about. And so what I hear from you is don't try to find the super unique one big challenge because oftentimes this might be a little bit too much for those shorts but rather more those short relatable things that people ask themselves. Ah I was actually curious about that. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, shorts are are meant to be short. It's like I feel like a good example is um I I saw a long form video where someone it was like an hour long where someone like went through the different fruits and the nutrition value that you get from them and which and then ranking like basically they did a tier list of fruits and then they like explained in thorough each fruit for an hour. A short would be um literally just doing each individual fruit. Um like the video would be showing a tier list with with one fruit of or one fruit of each kind on S through F and then saying so they already see which fruits are there. What tier would we put an app? Oh my goodness, this is a viral video. Okay. What? And then showing the the tier list and hooking with what tier would an apple go on? Well, it has a lot of fiber, but it also has a lot of sugar. And then when you look at the amount of fat in relative to this and that and blah blah blah, and then you build it up. So, so basically, you want to tell the story where it's like, it has this, but it's that. It has this, but it has that. And ultimately, for that reason, I give Apple a tier. And that's the end of the video. >> So, that's that's also like a a question. I mean, yeah, it's it is kind of like a it's a challenge. It's like a game. >> It's fun. That that's Oh my goodness. I hope someone does that. I hope someone does that. That's so good. >> That would be so fun. Someone after watching this video is going to do that. >> Yeah. No, that that's good. >> That's so cool. Are there any other ways how I can come up with those viral video ideas? Honestly, I primarily focus on natural experiences and outliers and I just try to get as many as I as I can through that. Um, just writing down everything to be honest. I mean, of course, the obvious the obvious thing I haven't mentioned yet is is AI, but I think the way that I think about ideiation is there's no specific tool that's going to give you the idea. Even AI, AI is not going to give you the idea. There's a bunch of these different things that can give you a tons of ideas. So, you could um you can share with AI, have it brainstorm a whole list. But what I what I recommend is just gathering at least 100 ideas and picking out one of those 100, the one idea that people actually care about that will be able to follow that framework. >> Jenny, can you walk us through your process of using AI for ideiation? Yeah. So, for one, I use a custom GPT that I created by essentially uh putting in like a 50-page SOP, which is a standard operating procedure, which in other words, uh for those for those watching um or listening. So, whenever I hire someone onto the team, I give them a 50-page PDF. It it sounds very long actually for them where they read through my entire process. I basically just like in detail wrote down everything I do from ideiation, scripting, um filming, editing. Literally, no matter what you're doing, you could be an editor and you're going to learn about my ideation process because you're also going to be in the story and you're going to want to know you're going to want to know the context and even the ideator. I'm I hope they understand what the editors are going going through so that they know that we don't want to be producing some sort of crazy thing. We we don't want to do it in post. We want have to do it when filming. Anyway, so I have a 50-page thing that explains everything I do and also more about my avatar, my mission, vision, uh my goal, and so that's in my my custom GPT. So, um my students have the have that as have access to that as well, which is pretty cool. But from there um oh because the GPT doesn't actually have my mission vision um because I use the same one that uh all my students use. So I have the SOP I have the custom GPT then I give it my avatar my mission I have a I upload two PDFs. So I have another PDF two pages actually very short just explaining my channel and different and similar channels. Um and then from there I just ask it to give me viral ideas. Um, and it'll give me viral ideas, but ideally you're giving it some sort of of like topic or some sort of format to start with. So, for example, I like to say, give me ideas um that start with the hook, is it possible to blank or what happens if blank? Because those are the type of videos that I I like to do. >> What happens if is it possible if to >> Yeah, always questions. I always give it like um those questions so it knows to give me an idea that isn't a statement because sometimes AI will just tell you like picking an apple out of a tree and it's like okay what what does that have to do versus it's like is it possible to grow an apple tree without a seed like oh wait what now now it's like interesting >> okay so it has to has the this surprise component in there Yeah, that curiosity gap that is everything. If an idea doesn't have a curiosity gap, then there's no reason that the viewers are going to watch. >> There's there's no reason to watch. >> If you had to give your viewers, your listeners, one or two tips to become a much more captivating storyteller, what would it be? on on on specifically video content. >> The way you speak is everything. I've seen people like you can take the same script and someone's if someone says it without any enthusiasm or suspense, then the viewer isn't going to be engaged. Don't sound robotic. I think that is like the biggest thing. The the way you say something really makes a difference. You could be saying nothing. you could be saying nothing, but if you're talking like something's about to happen, people are instantly gonna be hooked. >> Uh, so so I would say that's that's a huge tip that is underlooked. Um, but another thing I would say is also similar to that is not having the same pacing throughout. So typically for my videos, I always have like the first 15 seconds is like lots of things are happening, things are moving quickly and then things kind of slow down to a medium pace from that 15 to 30 second range. Then from 30 seconds forward, everything is like super like slow, but not like slow in a way where it's like we're not progressing. Slow like wait, something like the suspense is about to happen. So, the way I think about it is like um actually I have this video where I tested if you can break an unbreakable glass and like the beginning of the video was like method one, method two, method three, method four, and then um method five and then it slows down. It's like, okay, I'm kind of nervous. I think this is going to work, guys. And then and then I I throw it off a building and then we let that play out actually in slow motion. It's falling off the building in slow motion. And then before it falls, we cut back to me. Okay, I'm gonna go check out the cup to see it right now. And then we reveal like because that's when people are most engaged. People are invested because of the suspense. >> That is so powerful. Yeah. Slowing down before the big reveal. So boom, boom, boom, boom. And then >> Beautiful. I love this. >> That is That is so cool. I love this. Now, I've seen that you've been also fairly active when it comes to long form storytelling, but I think you stopped posting there, right? >> Temporarily. I mean, I'm working on a couple of them. >> Okay. So, what would you say is the biggest difference long form storytelling versus short form storytelling? >> Oh, for sure. It's definitely that they're just bigger stories that have more story beats. Um and that is usually because there is more days or there are more elements to it. So um going back to like the fruit example, it's like one fruit versus all the fruits. That's how I think about long form. I think about long form in the way that if you were to clip out a bunch of sections, it can work as a short. I mean, look at like Mr. Even like, and it's not even just the way I execute it. Mr. Beast does this himself. And one of his most popular formats is um $1 versus $1 million vacation or $1 versus $1 million date, $1 versus $1 million job. He has like a bunch of formats where he does that. Uh hotel, planes, etc. That is a long form where he's testing out all those different things. He could easily make a short and he has where he just reviews a $1 hotel, a $10 hotel, and that in itself is an entire short. So, I think about a long form and especially if you're a short form creator moving into long form, think about long form as a bunch of sort shorts back toback that fall under the same theme. Even if you look at like I love Dan Martell's videos, his are usually like 10 tips of something. If you were to clip them out, they're all shorts. Think of a bunch of shorts ideas that fall under one umbrella, one theme, and then make that into a long form. >> I love this. >> And it like answers one big story. >> Uhhuh. Yeah. And so almost every minute should be a standalone video by itself that it has its own viral characters as well. >> Exactly. Yep. >> Got it. Okay. This is so cool. >> Do you see any other big differences long form versus short form or do you feel that those are the things that you change the most in order to be successful on long form? I would say that is the main thing. However, of course, long form has a title and thumbnail versus short form. Well, they do, but they don't. So, on long form, someone needs to click on your video to watch it. On short form, someone has already ran into your video and you just have to keep them hooked. So, the way that you hook on long form versus short form is very different. The way I think about a short form hook is the way you should think about a long form title and thumbnail. So when I think about hooking with the t with hooking in long form. So if if the title thumbnail is a hook, then what is the actual hook? So basically the title thumbnail should be very similar to a short where it's it's visual. There's a curiosity gap. There's a reason to care. You have the reason to care within there. Um so when someone clicks on it, you want to now prove the title and thumbnail. That's that's the difference. You don't want to restate what you just said, rather you want to prove that in this video we're going to be doing what we just talked about and then also give more. So, not only did they click, but now they're getting more on top of it. So, the way I think about it is typically there should be like a multiple reasons to care in your video. Even with shorts, but mainly in long form, they shouldn't only just be watching for that a plot. the A plot being what they what they clicked on. They should also be watching for that that B reason. I think Ryan Dan's one of the best creators at this. Right now, he's doing his 50 states in 50 days series. >> The Aplot is he's visiting 50 Airbnbs in 50 days. But the Bplot is he's doing it to raise money for charity. And that's why people are going to keep tun tuning in. Yeah, it's cool. I want to see this really cool Airbnb in this random state. That's why I'm in. But now I'm invested in him this entire series because I want to see if he's able to raise a million dollars. >> Mhm. So it's the question below the main quest. >> Okay. Fascinating. >> It gets really complex because um in short form there the best short form videos have a Bplot but it is very hard to incorporate a Bplot or to incorporate a complex Bplot. So when I do it, it's usually very simplistic, but with long form, I would say a Bplot is is uh is is pretty essential if you're going to keep people invested for a long time. >> Mhm. I remember the thing that held me back the most and going into long form storytelling was that the whole filming process just seemed so so so much work like to have constantly camera from every single angle on you. Yeah. >> What would be what would be your tip to get a little bit over this overwhelm where it just feels like it's so much work? Like how do you do with that? >> 100%. It it is a lot of work. And something I I always tell people is to have that that one place where you always film and have the thing set up there and it's like you know exactly how it is. It's the first time it's going to be difficult, but it's going to be familiar each time and I think that makes it very easy. Um, so I film a lot of videos in my kitchen and now it's like muscle memory where where the tripod goes, where the light goes and and how everything is and it's like setting it up is is quick and easy. And something I want to say because I already know what people are thinking um or some people because I've told this to people and I usually like the number one piece of feedback I get whenever I say that is oh but people are going to be bored of seeing this the same thing like don't they want to see different places like my channel is going to 50 different Airbnbs. Um, and the answer I tell them is no. People like familiarity. >> Look at the best shows. Look at friends. Every single episode was them in the coffee shop and the camera's is in the same angle every time. Or not even just them. You look at every single TV show or any like family show. The the camera is really everything is in the same place every single time. Do you notice that as well? >> And it's it's familiarity [Music] >> that is so relieving to everyone, right? that needs things fancy gear. I need to go outside. I need to do this. Just Yeah. Stay in the same setup once you have found the setup that you like. >> That's why a lot of people have studios and I think or a lot of creators as they get bigger, they end up getting studios because it's very convenient. Like for me, I can't leave a tripod in the kitchen. But once you get a studio, um because I've seen creators like have a studio with the kitchen and you can just leave everything there and all you have to do is turn it on. >> Yeah. Yeah. That seems to be making things much easier. Jenny, if you were to give a tip to someone that is just starting out right now, short form storytelling, and he's like, I want to be like Jenny, what would be the tip that you would give to that person? >> The number one tip to go viral on shorts, I guess. Mhm. >> The number one tip because I feel like I've mentioned all of them. I want to go back to the the high demand, low supply, because that that is everything. Your video could suck, but if no one has made that video idea and people are trying to to learn what it is that you're you're talking about, then you're going to get views. And it's very hard to find that. But once you do, you're going to get a bunch of viewers on that video, and you just want to create similar videos for that audience. And um over time, you build a baseline level of viewership. I love this. This reminds me a little bit of business. In business, often times people go through an entire industry and look for what are the companies out there and where is maybe a niche that is not being served too well. And the same analytical mindset you can apply then to YouTube and you just analyze niche by niche and think hey what is the competition out there how much views are coming in and what could be the unique edge there. >> Yep. Exactly. Um so think about something that you love or a tip that I've heard creators say. This is how I I figured out my niche when I first started was um cuz I when I was first getting started, I heard that this was like a good idea and I heard creators I heard one creator ask their I heard a creator ask their friend like, "I don't know what niche should do. Like what should I do?" And I heard the creator tell that other one. They said, "Well, if you weren't creating content, what would you do?" Like what what would you want to do for work? >> Like what would you want your your job to be? Or like dream job that is not like what are you currently doing? Um, and then you want to create a content around that that niche. I mean, like Michael Reeves uh is a great channel. He does like engine engineering content creation or he does like he engineers like these really cool things. He doesn't even have like an engineering degree or like learn computer like he learned computer science completely by him by himself, but the things he's building are insane. Um, and that's why when I started my channel, I actually started with finance because I of course wanted to do content creation, but um, if it didn't work, I was always just going to be like an investment banker. That's what I was going to get into. So, it's like, oh, naturally, you might as well just make content around around that then. Um, but even so, like recently, I do a lot of cooking content because now like I think to myself like if because the answer is different now. Now, if if I wasn't a creator, what would I want to do? Like, I would want to have my own restaurant. Like, that would be fun to be cooking. And it's like, oh, just create content around that cuz that's what you have the most fun with. And the reason why I say that is to find a niche and something that you love is because when you love something, you're going to keep doing it even if it's not working. >> If you love something so much, you're going to keep doing it even Sorry. If you love something so much, then you're going to keep doing it no matter what. even if it's not working is what I'm trying to say. Um yeah. Yeah. I mean that's why I tried so many side hustles um back then when I wanted to like I wanted I wanted to be this entrepreneur and start a bunch of businesses. Um and I would always do all these different things. I would try dropshipping. I tried like uh coding. I tried creating websites. I tried doing all these different things. But none of it worked because I would always quit one to two weeks in. But YouTube worked because I did it for over a year without it even working. >> Wow. Yeah, that's persistence. How do you feel about not being an investment banker? >> Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I don't even know why I studied like Well, I guess finance is a good uh thing to study, but it's funny because I'm not even passionate about it anymore. Now it's like I just love content creation. That would be so funny to imagine you right now in some office. >> Yeah. But I guess it I guess it worked out though because it's it's very important with this this type of career to know how to manage your money and uh be responsible with your investments. >> True. And last question, what's next for you? What let's say where do you want to what is your big goal in the future? >> I have a lot of goals. So, I want to have my company be worth $100 million, but I also want to do that in a way that I am enjoying and I'm enjoying the process, having fun, and I'm also happy with the way I did it because I can easily sell out and do a bunch of sponsorships that I don't want to do. Like I mean I could do a uh you know those gambling websites like oh those people get paid so much whenever they promote that. I I could do that if I wanted to. I'm not going to do that. So I I want to get my company worth um $100 million and I want to do it through a way where I am actually helping people because at the end of the day you get paid like any person the reason that every single person gets paid is because they are providing some sort of value. If you're not providing value, then you are not going to make money unless you're just robbing. Like you like it doesn't matter who you are, you get paid because you're providing some sort of value or service. So, um yeah, and the biggest thing that I'm genuinely passionate about and I'm trying to work into my content is just healthier living in every facet. So healthier like eating healthier or getting active is directly but also healthier living in the sense of being nice to your community, spending time with your friends and family. Uh being conscious about your money and and making sure that you are um saving it and not wasting it. So that is something I want to I want to do. I want to encourage kids to have a a good healthy lifestyle. >> Beautiful. Jenny, just one follow-up question. this. Why 100 million? >> Yeah. Um, that's a good question. I guess it's not because I need $100 million. Um, I don't even like I don't even buy anything. Like I don't even have the desire to have anything like that. I just want to know that like I can do it. Like it's it's uh it's a huge accomplishment. Um, but I know money isn't isn't isn't everything. I just want to know that I'm able to like my business skills are able to do something uh able to get there. >> Beautiful. Jenny, thank you so much. It has been absolute privilege having you here and yeah, super excited to see the progress over the next few months, years. And anyone who hasn't checked out Jenny's content yet, it's absolutely crazy. She's really the master when it comes to storytelling. Um, Jenny, is there anything else that you would like to share that how people can find you, what they should check out? >> Yeah. So, if you want to check out my content, I'm on YouTube, jenny hoyos. And if you have any questions or want to work together, just email teamjennyhoyos.com. I'll be responding directly. Typically, what I encourage people is to let me know about where you're currently at in your journey and where you're trying to get because I offer a bunch of different services or sometimes if you just have a small question, I'll just go ahead and answer it. Um, so let me know like what you what you guys need or are struggling with and I'm happy to help. >> Wonderful. Thank you so much. >> Yeah, thank you for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Philipp-Humm [6 likes]: Who would you like to see next on my channel?
  2. @CalligraphySparkle [3 likes]: This is pure talent! 🙌
I’ve been practising calligraphy daily too — sharing my progress in short, satisfying videos ✨✍️
  3. @Relaxcookies67 [1 likes]: Great to see you on TED ❤❤ keep up the great work ❤🎉
  4. @joshfynbos [1 likes]: Great interview, thanks Philipp
  5. @hollyburnspsychic1523 [1 likes]: You are an amazing person, Jenny, and an inspiration to all!
  6. @OwlIsNapKing: did someone noticed something 🤭, this is not part of a knowledge but there is a odd match between them  she look like mia khalifa's sister and he looks like jony sing's brother
  7. @Noiseworldnest: Beautiful thank you so much
  8. @tardylove: Visual shock / analogy
Immediate action - right to the juice
Rising action - why should we care, what is the problem 
Anticipation rising 
Lasting payoff
  9. @StaryObozTV: It:s amazing how she's coming up with all these trashy ideas on the spot. Is this weaponised brain rot?
  10. @SigmaRemaster777: @ 5: 37  Those are 4 QUADRANTS written about by Stephen Covey  and quadrant 2 represents "big rocks" --- (big rocks first and first things first) meaning long term priorities first. Tony Robbins  and others said (I agree with them)  if we do not spend more then 50% of our waking hours in QUADRANT 2- we will never achieve anything meaningful in life
  11. @SanataAnjata: Front several , I feel that there is a similarity in " talent " with you Jenny,which can be used to explore, that occur in the universe and topics that can be raised about world problems. I am interested in working with you.
  12. @社会勉強チャンネル-g2o: 参考になりました❤
  13. @dropoffortune-st: Started a story telling channel..need to improve alot for my channel🎉
  14. @JK-es9wu: Excellent video....wonderful information...😊
  15. @TheBetrayalDiaries19: thanks for advice!
  16. @smomof5boys: Great advice🎉
  17. @markus8658-s2d: Where this young girl learned these skills? Had a mentor or something? A good free guide or good examples to see how viral reels/shorts looks like ? 👍👍
  18. @Rio-Jengo: New youtubers let's connect 😊
  19. @RayPointer-Channel: Yes, "V" is for visual.  "V" is also for video since this is a visual medium.  And having a realization of how to communicate visually is crucial to a successful instructional video.
  20. @TheMtg8223: I love all the in-depth insights here! Thank you both!!!!!

- Can You Make Money Playing Arcade Games?: Kind: captions Language: en I'm trying to make money playing arcade games and since they're rigged to steal your money I've watched every video to learn the secrets to beating these games so in theory I can win prizes worth tens of thousands of dollars all while spending $100 to play and we're starting at Chuck-E-Cheese the first of three childhood arcades that I'm going to get my mom's money back from and I just spent $50 on the family fun pass which lets us play unlimited games for the next 3 hours the strategy is to grab as many tickets as possible how do you going to grab [Music] it we got 2,000 tickets oh my gosh and I could have gone more but since I can only play that one once I'm going to try some other games you know apparently if you press it when it passes the corner it drops on the jackpot I didn't do it but it was closed but Meanwhile my brother and his girlfriend were having way better luck I'm making people play for me because they're better than I am in these games except my mom she's terrible at games tickets you just wasted the credit this game claims to be 100% skill and I have 100% skill no that's not 100% skill so I decided to play the game my brother kept winning earlier so I kept trying out game after game after game and with only 30 minutes of play time left we found the perfect game that would get me enough tickets to win the best prize in the arcade if I win the jackpot 15 more times we have to win like every minute so this is the perfect time to tell you about hosting or the best best website builder what are you talking about oh I think I got it I think I got it 14 left you can use hostinger to create a website for your store blog or to sell arcade prizes like me you going to sell your prizes you're not supposed to know 12 no way and I was able to easily create a website in just a few clicks with their AI website builder that wrote the entire site and even added pictures of me where did they get those pictures from I didn't think about that one no I was so close I should have just done better in the ticket blaster I'm kind of getting nervous but I can stay calm because hostinger allowed me to focus on mastering these games while they took care of my new business Jenny's prices.com we have 8 minutes left I kind of lost track of how many tickets I have if I'm being honest and this is all possible because hostinger has zero transaction fees meaning I'm keeping all the profits I make from selling the prizes I win in this video can I have some money too why we have 1 minute left and you can bring your ideas to life with their business plan that's only $4 a month that's less than a coffee I know right that's such a good deal this is the last one I'm going to make it count right on the minute now let's see if we can get the nerve so that's a total of 6,133 wow we just made it we did it we won the nerve okay wait and after taking a picture hostinger AI was able to suggest a price and add it onto my website baring I better get some money out of that why because I was playing and because I love discounts I even got hos Stinger to give you 10% off when you use code Jenny I love savings it's for them and for the next arcade my mom isn't invited so I only have to spend $25 to play I haven't played this game in a fat minute no did I actually lose or was it Rick was it me or the game I lost and when I made her play instead she ended up winning not only once but twice cameraman is taking Le because I'm not I'm not having any luck here not and it's not even luck I just don't I'm not having any skill here oh my gosh she is doing terribly what was that I want you to try it my cousin Kiara got five my goal is to get six and for some reason the only game I was good at was the only one that gave the worst amount of tickets so I played other games with expensive prizes but those were all rigged so I asked a stranger to help me cheat in these games like this were in 3 seconds we need to press 30 buttons and this basketball game where I tricked to sensors into thinking my hands are basketballs but that was nothing compared to my next tactic so I saw this YouTube video where apparently you could slow down dealer no deal and figure out where the jackpot case is that that one I was not paying it no what oh my God what who's going to get this okay wait wait so I recorded it and we're going to look at the footage wait the footage was way too fast how do we know how many tickets we have oh right here I don't even think I can get a piece of candy cuz the only thing I could afford was this coin purse that I quickly listed online and the next morning my mom dropped me off at the final arcade yeah I'm alone because I've been failing really bad I'm going to go crazy I'm only going to play games that give lots of tickets there's no jokes like Dance Dance Revolution or guitar here now this is where things get serious I had to take off the jacket for this one because I'm about to start sweating cuz I'm going about to start try Harding I'm going to Camp here all day and I started sweating figuratively and literally winning jackpot after jackpot after jackpot I don't even know how many times I've won this game at this point oh sure do you want to be in the video right now wait so what's your name John oh my gosh I'm so sorry I'm short so like I need to like then he told me he's a professional at these games and can help me win everything on the wait so this is the list of all the the all the games that have the Jacks whatever you want to do we got it and he even gave me another card with $100 on it so we started winning a bunch of games until wait my mom's calling me wait hello she ended up telling me how she really wish she was playing with me right now since she didn't get to earlier you just wasted credit so I either had to quit the challenge here or make her happy and I decided to spend the other $100 playing games with her because you really never know when it will be the last time going to the arcade with your parents had lot of fun like never in my life really so as you know I've been going to a couple of arcades recently what I tried to do was what we used to do when I was a kid we sell those item to get the money back I wanted to surprise you with the money at the end to pay you back for all the times you took me to the arcade but this time instead of selling my prizes I decided to surprise my mom with everything we won to keep her memories except the Nerf that one's still up for sale so this is enough I mean just the time with you guys it's everything

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [40 likes]: build & host your website for less than $4/month with Hostinger (Use code JENNY for an extra 10% off): https://hostinger.com/jenny 😁
  2. @Snowboddleloonakid [3 likes]: 0:23  i saw cosmic xl claw machine
  3. @LoganandLukaplay [2 likes]: 0:43 MY COUSIN TOLD ME THAT TRICK!!
  4. @Imsophie-mj-L [1 likes]: When I was little in the ticket catcher game I used to be to young but they also use to have money in it ..
  5. @umaparvathy293 [1 likes]: i had that prize
  6. @jefferygiordano5570 [1 likes]: Your next triumph will be won triumph kindness
  7. @Kanaeoffical-0_0 [1 likes]: The end was a w bro❤
It felt like a movie
  8. @pedroflores532: I’m so confused at to why she had a sudden change. Good for her, but it is just confusing. Randomly I just started seeing her with makeup and different clothes and hair
  9. @steffiejulia: Jenny is so nice to her mom to go back to her to play
  10. @MatheoSalinas-b7n: 4:04 THAT IS SMART
  11. @BrianDinwiddie-c8c: I went to Dave & Buster’s. I wish I saw you.❤
  12. @ur_girl_loll: Can you send me something it is my birthday in two days please ❤🎉
  13. @ur_girl_loll: I love you so much and you’re videos
  14. @BjJones-w9m: l love you V
Videos
  15. @jaimemontejo9796: The old foto made me cry😢😢 i am a fan of you
  16. @Shabtyaya: Bro, you mistake a woman to a man bro you called her cameraman, even though you’re supposed to say camera woman
  17. @demonslayerfanisgood: Jenny and angelo dating for real
  18. @ivytan5859: I actually saw u in Jb  mid valley restaurant din
  19. @VolantKitten: shes young, and she knows to always pick her mom first... ;) i wish i knew when i was younger, i think our relationship would of been a lot differnt, but were mending it now <3 ^u^
  20. @staceywilliams3119: There machine with money in it . go play that u so much money

- Can You Beat This IMPOSSIBLE Animal Sound Challenge with  @JennyHoyos  ?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey guys, my name is Jules and you're watching Just Jules. Today I have Jenny Hoyos and we're going to play Get the Animal Sound. It's a It's a mouse. How did he know that? Because it's What else would it be? Well, it could be a bird. I don't know. I only know like three animals or maybe a small handful. So, it's one of those. Okay. Uh, that smells like my stomach. Wait. Oh, no. I forgot. I forgot. I think I know. But um, a boar. You ready? No, it's it's a it's a it's one of those uh bowl thingies with the thing like this. Oh. Oh, I got it. I a ram. It belongs in the water. Hippopotamus. Oh. Oh. A chupacabra. Is that a real thing? I don't know. Um, it it it belongs in the water. What do you Oh, a crocodile. Alligator. Um, it's one of those a walrus. Nice. Good job. Okay. Okay. I don't know what that is. I'm going be honest. I have no clue. Me neither. Is it some sort of bird? It seems like a bird. Uh oh. Oh, I think I know what it is. Uh, it's a falcon. No, I know what I think I know what it is. It's a turkey. But can you can you play it again? It's a bird. What is it? It's like a It belongs in the water as well. Oh, it's a geese. It's a goose. It's a swan. It's a duck. You said that's so triumphant. Triumphant triumph. I love dogs. I have no clue what this could be. I don't know what bird belongs to that. I'm sorry. Oh, I'll never guess. Oh, it's a penguin. No, I love penguins. Okay, it's a penguin. Okay. Interesting. Okay, next one. Cow. Is that [Applause] that sounded like a lot of different animals? Oh, it's a sheep. Yeah, cuz I was like that doesn't like I heard one of the sounds and I was like that's not a that's not a sheep. A drowning cat. No. No. Cuz it sounds it's I don't know what it sounds like. A dolphin. Oh, yes. Dolphin sound like a Yes. Sound like a Johnny cat. Yes. Sounds like me. Sounds like you when I'm laughing. Chimpanzeee. Mom, what is it? Wait, it's a it's a it's a it's a falcon, but it's a specific kind of falcon. It's a ketchup. How do you even know that? because I actually did a science project on um falcons, but there are so many different kind of falcons and the different kind of falcons sound differently. Wow. I don't even know what to say. I don't even I don't even remember. I don't even know what a falcon looks like really. It it it's kind of like a like like I wouldn't tell the difference between an eagle and a falcon. I would just think it's the same thing. There's a there's a difference. Okay, I'll show you some pictures later. Okay. Is that a hippopotamus? I was going to guess my grandma. Yeah, it is. Hey, it's a hippopotamus. Your grandma? Hi. That sounds like you're snoring. Interesting. I don't know what my grandma thought. I literally have no clue. Is that I'm going to say chimpanzeee again. They're similar. A gor a gorilla. A chimp. Is that the same thing? Yeah. It's the same thing as a chimpanzeee. What else? It's a monkey. A monkey. Good job. But Oh, it's a baboon. That's right. Is it? Yes. See, cuz she went to the zoo last year. I haven't been to the zoo since I It feels like another lifetime, honestly. At least at least four like like like 16 years ago at least. But I don't think they like they they make sounds when I'm there, you know? It's like Yeah, I'm pretty sure they do. How am I going to like remember one year later? The sounds of bamboo makes. We need to go to Animal Kingdom. What is that? You don't know Animal Kingdom? It's like it's a Disney park. Oh, okay. So, like it's like a zoo but Disney like a Disney zoo kind of. And they have rides. Interesting. Okay. The the monkeys and stuff. Okay. Yeah, for real. Animal Kingdom. It's like the cheapest um Disney park as well. Of course, I would have Okay, nice. I feel like I know what this is. A crow. Yeah, you got Yeah, we were practicing earlier. Yeah, that was one of the sounds. Yeah. Okay. But I mean, there are a ton of crows. I haven't heard a crow in a long time. I don't even know what a crow looks like. It's It's black. It's all black. And guess what? Codes are actually really smart. Oh, yeah. Oh, what? How do they know they're smart? But like, did they give them my IQ test? Oh, like, you know, they test them like like or like Yeah, I just know that they're really smart because like everyone says their dog is smart, but then I meet the dog and it's like, no, crows are smart. They can steal your jewelry and Oh, yeah. This is true. Sounds like it's insane. Jaguar. Yeah, it is. Yeah, cuz like Yeah. Wow. Cuz it's in pain. It sounds like it's in pain. And I'm like, but why exactly? Why would he think that has the sound? And then I just figured that all jaguars sound like that. Sound like they're in pain. I feel like a jaguar sounds like, you know, not like like the thing sounds like it's dying. It does sound like it's dying. That's why I remember. That's what I was going to say. I was like I wanted to make a joke about it sounding like someone's in the bathroom. Struggling in the bathroom. That's exactly what it sounds like. It's a constipated jaguar. Me, too. That's what it sounds like. Yeah. No cricket. No, no, no, no, no. It It's a grasshopper. Crickets sound different than grasshoppers. Yeah, it does. But I I couldn't think of like Oh, yeah. Close enough though. Good job. Yeah. Like I knew it sounded like something small like when it sounded like out like you know at night time when it's dark outside. That's what it sounded like. I like crickets are actually louder than grasshoppers. Yeah, this is very uh it was like mild me. What does that mean? No, like you're like the calm composed. Oh, thank you. Most would [Laughter] disagree. Tiger. Lion. Lion. Lion. I'm I'm going with lion. It's not a lion. Yeah, I don't think it's a lion. But maybe it's consecrated, too. No. Um, what is it? I don't know, but it's an animal I don't want to mess with. Oh, yeah. Sounds like a a bear. No, bears don't sound like that. Lives in Arizona. A rattlesnake? Yeah. I But doesn't a rattlesnake sound like Yeah. So, I thought rattlesnakes sounded like like that, you know, like in the movies and stuff, but now they sound like that. I mean, they can sound differently depending on what they're using cuz it's not rattling. I know. Yeah, exactly. It's a rattles. Interesting. Chimpanzeee. What? This one's a chimpanzeee. Really? That one's a chimpanzeee. Are you sure? Yeah. I sound like I think so. Oh, your mom made like a I feel bad for Jenny. I don't know how she graduated. Oh, an eagle. No. Um, it's a bird. Yeah, it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a it's a peacock. No. Okay. Flamingo. It's a Oh, it's an owl. It's a specific type of owl, though, because not all owls sound like that. It's a There's types of owls. You know, when she said night, I was going to say a bat. Oh, okay. Well, actually, bats don't sound like that. But the owls don't Most owls don't sound like that. That's a specific owl. And it's called It starts with E. Oh, clowny. Clowny. Clown. I thought it was clowny, too. Yeah. Clowny owl. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Next one. This one has musical talent. musical talent. You think so? Oh, music's up. What is it, though? But that doesn't sound like anything I know of. And it belongs in the water. It's a goose. A duck. Oh, it's a swan. It's a sun. But I don't I Dang. I You just had to guess all of the like, you know, things. I I forget because I don't like none of them come to mind. I think of bird. Bird, not type of bird. That makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah, I know. I studied a lot about like animals. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. I did no research. Okay. You just had to like think of all of the animals inside of the encyclopedia kind of thing. Like the animal encyclopedia. I have never opened an encyclopedia. Really? Encyclopedia. Apparently, I think it's called Encyclopedia. I heard that somewhere. Apparently, it's called Encycl I don't know if it's true, but I heard somewhere that it's actually encyclopedia. Encyclopedia. I don't know if that's true. So, don't don't quote me. You need to search it up. Is it encyclopedia or encyclopedia? I don't even know how to say it anymore. Encyclopedia. Maybe I'm the wrong one. Encyclop. I got it from a TV show, though. That's what they said in the TV show, but they wouldn't put it on TV if it's not true. Surely. Yes, they would. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, but um they used to be really big back in the day. Wait, but anyway, who's reading an encyclopedia? My dad. What? Yeah, he loves the entire encyclopedia. Encyclopedia and like he had the entire collection. So, back then they didn't have Wikipedia, so they had that instead. I don't understand. I I don't I don't It's like a Wikipedia but inside of books. Yeah, but why would someone do that? So, cuz they have internet. They don't have No. No. Oh, that I like that sound. It seems so cute. Like I feel like I would have it as a pet. Oh, it's a pet. It's a ferret. No, it's a it's a guinea pig. My friends have guinea pigs. I've been Oh, but a fret is close. They're like next to each other in the pet store. Yeah. No, they are. Yeah, they are. But how did he know what a parrot sounds like? I don't know. Oh, I don't know. I was just guessing cuz I felt like it was a pet. And I'm like, what kind of like animal would people have if it's a pet? The first thing I came up with was a parrot. A parrot. Yeah. The first thing that would come to mind would be a fish, but fish don't make sounds. No. No, you don't. Well, you know, like like you know Yeah, like loud noises. No. What is that? I know what it is. Elephant. No. What is it? It's a It's a It's a It's a It's a What is it called? It's all strawberry. I know what it is. You know what it is? I have no clue. I have no clue. It's a It's a peacock. I guess. What did you guess? I don't know. What did you guess? I think I said an elephant. Yeah, you did. Another so far off. But just the thing is we we have peacocks. Exactly. A dog. A lovely dog. A very lovely dog. Yes. I have lovely peacocks. A moose. That's similar. A deer or a ram. Oh, it it sounds like a It sounds like a cow. And that it's it's a bull. a donkey. It's a boar. Stop. Why? Nothing is in there. Joel's not a bad day. I don't know. I don't know what it is. I I can't even guess. You can't guess. I really don't know. What is that? It's a It's related to But it's not It's not a But it starts with a B. It's a It's a It's a boar. So, you really love Bors, don't you? Oh, cuz their boys had like the meats, you know. Interesting. You never know what that is. No, you guys like the deli. Like, you know when you go to Publix? When you go to Pub, you guys go go to Publix, right? Bullfrog. What? That's not related to a cow. No, I have no clue. Um, loves the water. Oh. Um, I was going to say a buffoon. That's not even an animal. A buffalo. A buffalo. Oh, buffalo. Why did I not guess that? Thank you, big cat, for half giving me the answer. No, cuz she said buffoon and I said buffalo. Yes. Yes. Why did I guess that? Cuz it didn't come to mind. Oh, it's not that one. Is that the buffalo? Yeah. That's a woodpecker. That's a good guess. That's probably what it is. No, it's a a crab. How could it not be a woodpecker? How could it not be a woodpecker? What is it related to? Is it a It's a bird. Oh, it's a bird. Bird. It's a bird. I'm out of birds, honestly. and carries babies. Oh, it's a stok. A what? It's a stok. I've never heard of that in my life. Really? No. Okay. A stok is like a really like tall bird. It has these giant nests like on top of um like buildings and stuff there. There are a ton of storks in Spain. But there was also a movie. I forgot what it was called, but it was like some stos uh carried some babies. And I bet you don't watch movies. Well, I do now on the plane. Whenever I travel, I watch them on the plane. Oh, what's your favorite type of movie? I love Batman. You Spider-Man's good. Which Spider-Man's your favorite? Well, I've only watched two. I haven't even watched the first one. Wait, which one is the first one? I watched the Paris one and um the worst one. And The Prom. That's actually No, that's the worst. Yeah, you said the prom the worst. No, you watch Homecoming and Far From Home. The best one's No Way Home, but you need to watch the other ones. The old ones. And I have it on the plane. I watched the ones that were available. Yikes. Yikes. You got to watch the original Spider-Man. So good. Oh my goodness. Is this It's going to sounds like it's going to eat me. Sounds like a hippopotamus. No. What? What does it like? Is it He lives on. Is it a crocodile? An alligator? An alligator? Yeah, that's good. Yeah. What? You're from here? Yeah, but I mean I I mean it's not like I we we I have a pet alligator. I I've only been to the I've only been to the Everglades once. How What about you? I go to the Everglades all the time. Really? Why? Because there's this like scenic path and it's really But it's a far drive. Not for us. No, it's only like 15 minutes. Wait. Oh, wait. Maybe I don't know where the Everglades is. I thought it was somewhere. I thought it was like 2 hours away from here. No, it's it's really near. Like if you go that way or if you go never eat soggy waffles. If you go west if you go west like Oh, is the whole is the whole west every place? Yeah, like west. Um, like northwest kind of like if you just go that way, you'll find it. Or if you go that uh that that way. I thought it was south. No, south is like the Bahamas. No, that there's Everglades. Oh, okay. The one that I've been to. Okay. Cuz they had like boats and like a tour guide. No, that's not south. The holiday park. Yes. That's not south. That's 6 minutes from our house. Look, you go bicep. Oh my goodness. Oh wow. The more you learn, the more you know. Yes. Yeah. Nice. Okay. It's a goat. Yes. Is it? You got so excited over cuz you got it right. Excited for a goat. Yeah. It's a goat. Yeah. Well, cuz we have goats, so like I know what it sounds. Goats. We Yeah. Our neighbors have good. Oh, but do they have it for cheese and milk or I don't know. I think they just have it as pets as pets or like outdoor pets like you know we have chickens so like like livestock but they don't eat the livestock. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think we've ever showed you. No, I never seen No, but I would I mean I I think chickens are better. I would want chickens for the eggs. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Next one. What is that? Is that a bird? It's definitely a bird. It has to be some type of bird. It's not a bird. What is it then? Like four legs. Is it like related to cow? No, it's not a dog. A deer. It is a deer. Okay. That doesn't even sound like a deer. No, that doesn't sound like a deer. But I was like dog deer. Okay. Okay. But I don't even know what a deer sounds like. So, I mean, I guess it sounds like bat. Oh, that's a bat. Those are bats. That's probably bats. Oh, cuz you like Batman. Which one? Who's your favorite Batman? Something rain. Mr. Wayne. They're all Bruce Wayne. That's I did not know that. I've only watched one of them. The one where like I mean like the actor. Yeah. The the good-looking one. I think they're all supposed to be too. What? Like the one who has like his hair kind of like this and he has like a good like face shape. Robert Patson. I don't know. I'll show you a picture later. But um yes, that's why. Yeah. Like that's how I know. Is he skinnier or is he bigger? Like he's like jacked. Oh, like is he's like Angelo but like better look. I'm not No, but I mean like the other Batman are huge. So like Angela's considered skinny compared to the the original Batman. Oh, then he's a skinny one, I guess. I'll show you later. I'm just curious. I love movies. Yeah, I know. That's the noise. Oh, I don't know. Where Where is that? Where is that? It's some sort of bird. It's a bird. It has to be another bird. How many birds are there? I I I I literally no clue. What kind of bird? It's like a They migrate. A goose. Wait, what? Oh, it's a swan. No, we just said it's a goose. Oh, it's a goose. It's geese. It's geese. No, geese is plur. Exactly. Cuz we heard multiple. Okay. Yeah, it's a geese. And no, they are geese. Yeah, it are geese. No, they they are. Yes. Okay, next. What is that? I've never I I I literally have no clue what this could be. Me neither. I I don't even know where to guess. No, I have no clue. It has four legs. It has four legs, but it's small. Small chupacabra. It's close. I don't even know what a chupacabra is. Why do you keep saying it? I don't know cuz it sounds funny. Oh, interesting. What is it? It's a mammal. Yes, it's Oh, so I got some I got half points. I don't think so. Can you Oh, a rabbit. A rabbit. Mhm. I was going to guess omnivore next, but no, it's it's a it's a it's a vegetarian. Yeah, it's a rabbit. My my cousin actually had a rabbit, but it ran away. That's nice. Oh, yeah. I My mom had a rabbit, too, I think. But I think I think she said that her brother stepped on it. Stepped on it. That's incredible. No. Was it a turtle? No. She had a turtle and the turtle got She had a bunch of animals that got stepped on. That's unfortunate. No. No. No. No. You can't do that. No. There are a lot of animals that we do eat that is like considered offensive in the US. No. You guys No. No. You can't do that though. Rabbits are delicious. No. No. No. No. No, you can't. You can't. No, I'll bring you some next time. No, no, no. I would not eat it. No, like I don't understand. Like, you know, there's people that eat dog. You should eat dog. I can't. I can't. No. Eating the dogs. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I can barely like I can barely live with myself eating chicken and and and and Oh, cuz you think about it. Don't think about it. No. Like, I think about it's it's so unfortunate that there were people that actually killed it. And I'm honoring it now. Like I'm on eating it. Well, you mean it's already dead, so it's already dead. But I would never ever ever kill it and eat it myself. Never. I would I would rather die first. Really? Yes. I'd rather die first and then than kill and eat the animal. Wow. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. Never eat a rabbit, please. Well, I already have and I'm planning to like kissing like like No, no, no. Like an animal that like I wouldn't What is that? A parrot. It's a sort of a Is that a bird? Is it a bird? No, it's not. What type of like animal is it? A dog. A dog. Does your dog? It's a dog. A dog. A dog. Okay. I'm just going Okay. There are a lot in the parks trying to get food. Raccoon. No, raccoons are aggressive. Oh, it's a squirrel. Ah. Oh, I love squirrels, too. Yeah. You know what? In Colorado, if you go to the mountains, there's this like specific place where they have chipmunks, and you give the chipmunks. They're so cute. Yeah. They're amazing. That's awesome. Mhm. You know, my dog's named after Alvin the Chipmunk. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. Alvin. Alvin. Alvin. Alvin. Go. That's the cow. That doesn't sound like a cow. It's similar though. It's like um cuz it's not It's a boar. No. I wish I knew what it's a boore. It's I'm going to see what it is. It's a a boar. Boar animal. Has four legs. Yeah, I know. It has four legs. See, this is a real thing. Yeah, it's This is a boar. It's It's like the ones that we crash into in Spain. Ah, there we go. Those are horrible in Spain. Like they they tear up our entire yard and they're crazy. Really? Yeah. It's Can you a dinosaur? Your face is chameleon. A chameleon. No, it's Oh, okay. Dang it. It's a Okay. So, it's not a cow. It's a donkey. Oh, it's a I'm not going to be able to guess. I don't live in Africa. I've never been to Africa. Oh, I have once. Wow. I was from Morocco. So, that's barely Africa. They don't live in Africa. All the You see them in the zoo. It's a It's a It's a deer. It's a It's a It's a zebra. No, it looks like a dinosaur. Is it a Nema? Madagascar? What? Like you know the the No, cuz there's a movie Madagascar. I know. It's a It's a Not a donkey. I'm trying to think of all the animals from that movie. An elephant. It's cuz Oh, a rhinoceros. I wasn't going to guess that. I was going to guess the Do you know the singing charact? Well, obviously all of them sing. I was going to guess one of the animals from singing. You remember the girl that sang like Taylor Swift? Like the singer? That's an elephant. Yes. She was an elephant. She was an elephant. Oh my goodness. She was an elephant. She could sing. She could sing. Yeah. No. No. It was a pig. She was a pig. Oh, she was a pig. The Taylor Swift one at the supermarket. That was a pig. And then the right the the elephant one was the one she was on the stage and it fell apart. Oh yes. Yes. Oh my with the shy one. That was so sad. No, my favorite was the gorilla. The one Johnny Johnny escaped from jail. That was crazy. That was crazy. That one hard a chimp. That sounds like a bird. Oh, maybe it is bird. It's a bird. It's not a duck, a goose, a swan. What kind of bird is it then? I feel like I've exhausted all my birds. Yeah, it sounds like you're cleaning a window, but it's not water. It has one of the longest toucan. Yes. Okay. That's a good one. I so want to see a toucan in real life. We're going to Costa Rica soon probably. Wow. Like like in the wild. In the wild. You held one probably. Well, you you've been like everywhere. I I' I've barely left my house. Your room. Yeah, exactly. Or the kitchen. No, I'm usually the kitchen. I'm going to say more of like the kitchen. Yeah, I love the kitchen. Okay. I can take you on my travels through my YouTube channel. Oh, nice. That is beautiful. Oh, it's an orca whale. How do you know what that is? It's an orca whale. Yeah. Wo, this sounds interesting. Oh, it does sound like a whale. Yeah, it's a whale. But like it's a specific type of whale, which is the orca whale because not all whales sound like that. Yeah, they all have different um calls. Lime. It sounds like uh the beginning when I watch the movies, you know, like the Lion's Gate with the Yes. Yes. Yes. I know. You know, they recorded that with a real line. Really? Yeah. They recorded a real lion. Where did they get that from? Well, I mean, they they got it from the wild and they just recorded the guy. But that's cool. That's honestly so cool. Yeah, that's okay. So, I won. Wait, I thought I thought it was very clear that No. Yeah, she definitely won. She definitely won. Yes, I won. Um I mean, yeah, we had to go to the zoo sometime. It It was It wasn't close. It was not close by any means. I mean, you did pretty good. You did pretty good except for always guessing for Yeah. No, cuz you knew all these. Like, how do you I didn't even know what an orca whale is. Where do you even come up with an orca whale? Like, where does it even come from? An orca whale is the black and white one. Um, yeah. And you can like they they have it at SeaWorld, you know. Oh, I've never been to SeaWorld. Yeah, cuz she was talking about how like she went to Africa. She Well, I went to Morocco. That's barely Africa. When you said Costa Rica, were you going anywhere? I want to go and they said they live inside of an Everglades with the alligators. Like, not with the alligators cuz otherwise I' I'd be moving somewhere else. But we have Everglades. You live near the Everglades? Oh, I've never seen I've never seen. Have you ever seen an alligator? One time when I was uh like 5 years old. Oh, wow. Look in the water when you're driving past the water. What? Yeah, you'll you'll see them. They're everywhere. Yeah, they're everywhere. Like if like you touch the water and it feels wet, there's probably an alligator in there. But water's wet. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Say that again. Say that again. If you touch the water and it's wet, then there's probably an alligator in there. Or if Oh, wait. Sorry. What? Okay. Wait, what? So, is water dry when you touch it? That's a joke, Jenny. Oh. Oh. Oh, I get it. I get it. That means there's alligators everywhere. Yeah. Okay. That means that there are alligators everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the only lakes I see have like little chameleons. Chameleons? Yeah. like or or or like these things that change colors. A chameleon. Uh no, but it's bigger. What's it called? Um they don't have chameleons. No, it's like a giant thing that changes colors like a reptile and walks fast. Oh, an iguana. Yes. See, this is what I lost. A chameleon is small. It's like this. They're very fragile and they see this is what I lost. But iguana is like you think iguana is all the fun. We should do guest the sound and like happy YouTubers like just YouTubers voices. Oh, we got to be closer. I think you I think you'd win that closer. Yeah. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. Don't forget to like and subscribe and we love you guys. Bye. And comment how many you got right. I bet it's more than me. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JustJulesOG [121 likes]: Jenny just turned 20 so help me wish her Happy Birthday 🎊🎉
  2. @YOONCHAEEYKONLOVEJESUS [1 likes]: Ì DIDNT KNOW JENNY WAS A COMIDIAN
  3. @ECNLOdyssey [1 likes]: Who is Jacob ?
  4. @Rigura-g5: Some old guy in the internet named “big-g” or smth like that colabed with ur vid with the title being “first love eeh!”
  5. @clemclam1234: Dang it
  6. @clemclam1234: The 2 one is a  alligator 1:27
  7. @Brooklynlovescats-12: 5:57 i was screaming dog
  8. @KayD_LOLZ10: Replay 3:33 over and over again😭✋
  9. @A3mara: You are so funny I swear 😂
  10. @Roblox_Lover419: I knew it was a sheep
  11. @AdrianaRosales-d4y: Pink tortilla  hits hard 😂
  12. @Bigback-i7s: White pancakes..
  13. @MegaDoors-nn8ih: 👒
,,🟢,,
🪀~  🪀
🧺
Me chigues porfi
  14. @AuroraRivera-u5g: Happy b-day even though it was in may and its june
  15. @ArtByShine27: What  a funny video  jules i love  your videos❤❤❤😂😊
  16. @Emmi.hauser: 10min😮
  17. @rositabear: Blue gummy is kinda good ngl
  18. @Foxgamer-vw1lg: June 25th T-T
  19. @ran638: happy birthday jenny❤❤❤
  20. @JoseMaldonado-uc9ei: That’s when squid game three is coming out

- EKKSTACY - i walk this earth all by myself [Official Lyric Video]: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] my voice is just cause [Applause] that's what i think blessings i want my voice is oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasLuzl [3800 likes]: What genre is this
  2. @YoloSwagging [3 likes]: Brothers and sisters, firstly I want to tell you that I understand this song. It is word for word how I felt about my life at one point. But I found a higher power, I found Christ our Lord and it turned me into a different person. Anyone listening to this that feels how I felt I am talking to YOU. You are not alone! Please talk to me! Let's talk about it. I love you. You are not alone.
  3. @en_lorean [3 likes]: It’s been three years now. Even though this message might never reach you, I need to let it out. I’ve fought so hard to escape the anxiety and the self-blame that kept me feeling small and helpless. But despite the struggle, I choose to believe that I can fucking let go of all this shit and finally find the peaceful, satisfying life I deserve
  4. @ClosedEyesRadio [3 likes]: Reminds me of when I flew to Paris after a bad breakup. I was there for a couple nights, barley any money, i slept outside The Louve on the street, was homeless there for couple days, then I walked 300km across Normandy to La Havre, did it in 9 days, just walking walking walking. It was amazing.
  5. @G0W1D1T [2 likes]: Listened to this song in Karate Kid Legands. Fire Song
  6. @LidkaG-G [1 likes]: Ktoś z Polski? Polska górą!!!!
  7. @LloydlynnrubinfranklinVisagie [1 likes]: This song explain exactly and completely how i be feeling
  8. @danielmoore7105 [1 likes]: Been listening to this literally all day. It's incredible.
  9. @FROSTYBLOXZZZZ [1 likes]: Classico bro
  10. @kittyshitposting: idk life's been shit, i have good friends but i genuinely dont wann stay in contact with them not just them, literaally no one i just wanna lay on the bed sing random songs and in the process just pass out and never wake again, idk where it all went wrong or maybe everything went wrong since the day i was born. i hope we all start actually living and not just survive. Have a good day everyoneeeee
  11. @zumanoid8441: life was so good when she was still here
  12. @KenzieCreations-s8u: Guys the fact that this song was in the karate kid that was made in like 2025…was tuff…🙂‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
  13. @Kumait: ❤
  14. @Dlmoxpro: perfect music for playing project zomboid
  15. @methylmercury: correct lyrics: I walked this sidewalk by myself, I do it try but did not help, my voice is nothing but I swear it out for help, I stressed my hair over my clock just goes out.
  16. @theonewhositsabovethetable: 80% of men 😂






💀
  17. @speed-c1b4k: You not alone gng you are with God
  18. @ElementalKevin-oh6ir: What a shitty ending, the rest of the song is cool tho
  19. @Henrylaky: that one couple trying this trend everyday on tiktok
  20. @Na_Raech-4s: That's cool❤❤

- How to Get Viral Video Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to come up with viral video ideas and titles that blow up your channel just like I did with my first video as well as countless others first you'll need to figure out your Channel's Niche which honestly should be really easy for example this channel like my channel is in the niche of YouTube education because every single video on the channel is about educating aspiring YouTubers in contrast this channel is the niche of game development because every single video on the channel is about creating video games the key in both of these scenarios is that a channel has a defined Niche when virtually every single video is about the same thing which is important because it's really difficult to go viral if your content is subscriber base lie in a bunch of different niches regardless of how good your video ideas are on a side note if you're interested in videos like mine that teach you how to grow on YouTube you'll probably be interested in that first Channel's content and if you're interested in coding and video game creation you'll probably want to check out the second Channel but anyway if your channel doesn't have a clearly defined Niche pick one and stick to it for every single upload going forward eventually the videos and subscribers on your channel that aren't in said Niche will lose their influence on your new videos as performance if you've got a of other videos nullifying their impact basically if your channel doesn't have a niche now it eventually will if you just continue to stick to that Niche for your future uploads once you've figured out your Channel's Niche you'll be able to use these four methods that I'll be outlining next to generate viral video ideas that will blow up your channel method number one involves you coming up with ideas interviews that are almost too good to be true in the case of my Game Dev Channel which I made before the one that you're watching right now I made a game in one line of code I made a game engine in seven days and I made a video game with no computer are all Concepts that seem pretty much impossible or at the very least really impressive because for example if you're looking at the first title thinks wow how does he make a game with only one line of code the idea is to get the viewer questioning how exactly you accomplish what you're promising the title on the channel of mine that you're watching right now how I monetize my channel in 30 days falls under this bubble as well because it's likely that my viewer is interested in growing on YouTube are curious how I monetize my channel in such a short time now I want you to grab some paper ink in a typewriter because we're going to use this method to generate some video Concepts right now now without worrying about your realistic capability to make them think of 20 to 30 absolutely impossible impressive or absurd claims a video in your Niche could make some examples from my channel might be how to easily get 1 million subscribers on YouTube how to make a hundred thousand dollars a month with YouTube Automation and how to get 90 retention on your YouTube videos get creative within the limits of your Niche don't even worry about whether these videos could actually get created or not then once you've got a list of Concepts now you're going to write down exactly how you'd accomplish each one and I guarantee you you can get creative to accomplish almost everything on your list obviously start by knocking out the video Concepts that you can just literally do like for example a concept like how I became a professional video editor I could definitely do as I've personally accomplished that myself basically just cross out stuff you can do without lying then move on to Concepts that you could do with a bit of help for example if you run a channel like mine and have a concept like how to easily get 1 million views on YouTube but haven't actually done it yourself yet maybe in the video you'll just interview a successful YouTuber who actually has gotten a million views and she'll actually be able to make an honest video that entertains educates or does whatever you want to your viewers if you run a lifestyle and Vlogs Channel about traveling then maybe you'll change a concept like I travel to all seven continents in one week which is honestly probably impossible to we travel to all seven continents in one week and just have you and your friends on separate paths traveling to different continents at the same time so that once again the video is actually honest and can entertain educate you know whatever the sky's the limit just the goal with a strategy like this is to always make sure you have an honest video but that doesn't mean you can't straddle the line if you know what I mean for example with my video I made a game in one line of code on my gamedev channel I end up technically making a game in one line of code however it's literally just a hundred lines of code stuffed into a single Row in my text editor I did the same with I made a video game with no computer as in the video I technically didn't use my computer but instead just called my friends on the phone and walked them through how to make a game step by step using their computers the key here is that I at least partially delivered on the promises that I made with my my titles and made up for the part that I didn't deliver on with an absolute Banger video If you decide to use this strategy and your titles rely on small technicalities like these two examples do then you also need to follow it up with a really good video that makes viewers not really care that they got a tiny bit clickbait if you follow a banger title and video concept with a video then viewers end up leaving negative feedback that hurt your channel because once again like I said they feel clickbaited which you really want to avoid as much as possible method number two is research and I know this is an obvious one but stick with me because you probably aren't going about it the right way researching viral video topics can be done two different ways the first is the researching trending topics appropriately called Trend Jackie to generate ideas that blow up in the short term an example of this is in 2020 when creators that make content about the video game Among Us were able to easily bring in millions of views which was obviously great at the time however this success was limited to the time frame in which Among Us was popular and the same video is being posted in 2023 get a lot less views than they did just three years earlier because obviously the game isn't as popular despite these sometimes short-term success of trend jacked videos if you can consistently create content on trending topics in your Niche it's not really going to matter because your channel will still be bringing in consistent views but how does one actually find Trends to create videos on the most simple and straightforward way is to go to the trending tab or any of these other subcategories in the explore sidebar on the YouTube homepage the trending tab is great in the sense that it's got videos from every single Niche about topics that are well trending and the other subcategories in that same sidebar do the same thing with just more specific niches like sports fashion and more all of which you can take ideas from for example there are a few videos about the Teemu app that are currently trending in the trending tab signaling to us as creators that content about Teemu will probably do well as long as of course it aligns with our Channel's Niche however maybe your Niche is a little more specific than these popular ones and you also can't find topics that align with your niche in the trending tab which leads us to Google Trends Google Trends is a website that allows to find the amount of search traffic associated with a given keyword on Google regardless of its current popularity this is helpful because High search traffic for a keyword on Google is usually representative of its chance for virality on YouTube as there's likely a big audience for it for example at the time of recording Olivia Rodrigo is currently trending on Google search due to buzz around her new album releasing suit meaning if it aligns with your Niche a video on Olivia Rodrigo will probably do well there's even a tab called trending now that's really similar to the trending tab on YouTube but once again you still might not be able to find potential video topics that align with your Channel's Niche using this method luckily YouTube has you covered if you hop into YouTube Studio there's a tab in your analytics called research this tab literally shows you the exact Search terms and keywords that are trending on YouTube at the moment and even takes it a step further to show you the keywords that your personal audience is interested in I've personally used this strategy a ton and you can even see this in my first video where a YouTube Studio passive income and YouTube automation are really high traffic Search terms with my audience and on YouTube in general which as you can see correlates to this really really high view count on my first video obviously when you're first starting out you won't really have an audience so YouTube Studio won't be able to tell you what Search terms your audience is interested in however as this tool also allows you to search for General Trends on YouTube it's still so useful for any Creator method number three is using AI but I don't just mean asking chat GPT for ideas because chat gbt Believe It or Not doesn't know everything and when it comes to YouTube I found it's really not good at coming up with Banger video ideas this is because chat GPT doesn't have access to the internet or YouTube's data but there's a tool that actually I've been using throughout my entire YouTube Journey that does have access to all of YouTube's data I'm talking about that IQ who also sponsored this video then iq's boost plan which you can get for a dollar using my link in the description comes with a gpt4 powered AI chat bot trained on YouTube's data as well as your own channels data that I found to be super useful when coming up with viral video Concepts in fact these high performing videos on my channel were literally suggested to me by the AI before I to make that IQ boost also gives you 50 personalized video ideas every single day that once again I've also used on my channel and like I said if you use my special link in the description you can even get your first month of vid IQ boost for only a dollar so go check it out method number four is using other people for an educational Channel like mine my comment section is literally an infinite supply of video ideas ever since my first video I've gotten comments asking me to make content about how I edit my YouTube videos and when I finally caved and made a video about editing it popped like crazy this doesn't just apply to educational channels either but when looking to come up with original Concepts family and friends are great sources to ask people you know that watch content similar to yours or even just watch a lot of YouTube in general are gonna be your best subjects especially if these people have tried or are currently doing YouTube and know a bit about how the platform Works obviously most of your family and friends even if they have tried YouTube before aren't going to be the most informed so take their opinions with a grain of salt but it doesn't hurt to really just you know keep them there for consideration in addition to non-youtube experts I recently tried hiring idea man Alpha Fiverr for my video on automating a fresh YouTube channel using Fiverr and it ended up actually being a really good purchase I paid her 10 and she managed to do research for me and come up with 10 different video Concepts in a niche that she also found that were bound to get views with really low competition could I have done this myself probably but ten dollars really isn't that much and she probably came up with some stuff that I would have overlooked had I been trying to find some viral Concepts in the men's gadgets Niche which the channel is based around so I felt like it was a good investment in general with any and all Concepts that you come up with put yourself in the shoes of your target audience and really ask yourself if they'll enjoy each video then once you've figured that out go through each of your remaining Concepts and think of an idea for a thumbnail and title that associated with the concept because some video ideas you have may be entertaining or educational or whatever but won't perform well if you can't package them in a way that's appealing to your audience in regards to a video's title a good video title does a few things first off it makes sense and describes the video well in the context of your video's thumbnail but that's pretty obvious packaging your video meaning your video's title and thumbnail combo is really all about keeping it simple and digestible for your viewers keep your titles under 40 characters if possible and if you really can't keep it under 40 characters just make sure that it at least completely shows up on the YouTube homepage and doesn't overflow like this you want your titles to be as readable as possible and to test this you can always just inspect element the YouTube homepage in your browser of choice or use a thumbnail preview tool like would you dot click which I personally once again Simplicity is key so cut out the fluff and leave unnecessary things like for example your channel name or something like must watch not clickbait out of your video titles remember that even after you post your video you can still change its title so don't stress if you're stuck between a few for a certain video now that you've got a bunch of titles though like I mentioned earlier you're gonna need some really good thumbnails to go along with them because a good title is nothing without a thumbnail to provide context and vice versa so if you want to learn how to do that go watch my video on making clickable YouTube thumbnails next and if you're wanting to blow up your channel really fast like I did with mine then hit me up on Discord Twitter Instagram whatever and you can book a paid Consulting call with me peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sam18900 [1 likes]: 3:08 nice copy bere 😂😊😊 (vidiq channel's copy)
  2. @jimmoefoe1471 [1 likes]: Aren't you 17? How tf do you know so much?
  3. @Crudebiscuit [1 likes]: Ive been searching to hear this from somewhere talking to people and thinking for a while but this definitely helped alot thanks for the video bro
  4. @_Kapibara_2137 [1 likes]: What the heck are your chapter names
  5. @nowleoknow: I love this content. Keep it up.
  6. @YouTubeTrendsTV: 🎉🎉🎉
  7. @KindnessCreators: Tks for sharing bro.
  8. @Appa-Aer: idk anything that he said
  9. @InsightTube9: Hello sir give material pack for the thumbnail please ❤
  10. @1RangoTango: great methods
  11. @Amrytmotion: Lets subscribe ❤
  12. @Sonyacita: Who did you use on Fiverr? Shout her out! Thanks -- great video!
  13. @mecfluri: this is gold
  14. @Cashwilson-56: @n8wealth if you see this I do 2 different types of niches or whatever, I do irl kind of videos and do gaming videos. Idk if I should make a separate channel for gaming because since I not very big when I tell people about it not sure if many people will go to it. So should I stay to what I’m doing? And switch it up in the future?
  15. @thomasnicholson6869: great videos for newbies like myself, keep em coming man :person-turqouise-waving:
  16. @lifestyleRobyn: awesome video
  17. @dj_bela_krofna: Mine is gaming
  18. @brickybangers: Hey man my question is what font did you use at the creation of this video?
  19. @ka5z: Hello n8wealth, I just got monetized on my channel and I got 20$ from a video. Can you make a video or a short taking about how to get the money from your youtube channel to your PayPal account. Please, Thanks.
  20. @lawtonkovac4215: promo sm 🌺

- How to Make Viral YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en I interviewed a YouTuber with over 200 000 subscribers and millions of views on his YouTube shorts to find out how you can do the same with your channel so today I'm joined by global things that's right just introduce yourself so I'm Global things I make geographical videos videos about countries and history and flags all kinds of stuff and I also make shorts which is why I'm here today why you're here today right the global things has probably what over 200 000 subscribers now yes uh averaging hundreds of thousand views on every single short and you also make long form content I do so I think we'll have a good conversation I think we will too what are YouTube shorts for the people that don't know so YouTube shorts is pretty simple it's like tick tock on YouTube it's a built-in feature it's vertical content under 60 seconds uh bite-sized pieces of content that you can make if you have a video idea but you can't seem to know how to make it a full-on long-form video that's like eight minutes long you can make it into a quick short why should people make shorts what are the benefits the biggest benefit by far of making YouTube shorts is that it allows you to reach a wide audience of people that you wouldn't normally be able to get to with your long-form content because well two reasons really one shorts reach a lot more people than long-form content does typically and two YouTube shorts are quick so you can make them in a fraction of the time that it would take to make a long form video so you can make a higher quantity of them how long does it take you to make it short I would say it takes per minute of content that I make three and a half ish hours that's that's really easy so for the people wanting to start making YouTube shorts if they're doing like a totally fresh Channel just trying to blow it up with shorts what Niche should they pick I would say the biggest thing for picking a niche is just do what you're interested in because it's going to take a lot of time it's pretty common saying that YouTube is a marathon it's not a Sprint it takes a lot of time to build you might not go viral with your first short or your first 10 or even your first 100 so pick something that you're actually interested in so you're not always wanting to quit right yeah even for long content like my first channel was was Game Dev and the only reason I picked that it was really just because like you know I enjoyed it like I like making games even this like good CPM like yeah just enjoy it because I'm doing this so much same with you that's your channel I've always been interested in geography when I was a little kid I used to draw maps on like I'm so serious so I knew that I was always interested in it and I was also interested in YouTube so it was like a perfect fit so you mentioned that YouTube is a marathon and not a Sprint and absolutely 100 I can agree with you yes but for my shorts specifically they Peak within the first like couple hours yes and then it just completely flat lines so why is that do you experience the same thing I do but I would say I actually experienced that to a lesser effect now that I have an audience that continues watching yeah at first that will happen when you you post it three hours later it randomly gets a ton of views like a thousand five hundred views or something and then it just totally plateaus right that's normal just keep posting because what I also noticed my videos weren't doing well like at all and maybe a couple hundred views like most and then I posted one video that got like 30 000 views and it took a couple of days to get there but it got to like 30 000 views yeah and once it did all of my other shorts also started getting more views so in that sense though how did you how did you get out of that slime of like you know just your 100 views 100 views so yeah I I just kept going because my channel was new and if your channel isn't new you can change up your content a little bit see what works and what doesn't take a look at your engagement are people watching your videos and if they aren't think about what can I do to make this more entertaining the biggest thing is what will they take away from the video what are they gaining by watching it yeah so in that sense you're talking about like the the quality of like the or like the value viewers are getting from the video how would you weigh the significance of quality versus quantity when you're making shorts because I know you put a lot of shorts now that it's summertime and I'm you know relatively free I try to post every day try to post as much as possible but don't make it so that you won't be able to keep it up because consistency is key and that's where quality versus quantity comes in because you want to be able to make a good amount of videos but you don't want them to be crap if you're watching back your own video and you can't even get through your own video without getting bored then it's probably not going to do well but if you can actually make a video that people see the value in and it's very clear then it will probably do well why is consistency key consistency allows your videos to continuously grow on top of each other over and over people are not confused by a messy upload schedule if you're trying to build an audience that actually continues to come back as opposed to just sees you once and Kevin keeps rolling and forgets about you right if you want them to keep coming back you need to post consistently because they need to know when they're getting fed right they need to know when feeding time is they keep coming back that's that's just what you want to do so on top of that right we talked about quantity like consistency is key and we talked about quality in regards to like the short has to like provide value but in terms of like the editing what makes a good YouTube short my shorts are not high production value meaning I don't put a ton of effort into visuals and making a bunch of fancy animations I actually make all of my videos on my phone you just have to figure out what works for you if you use stock footage then you can use stock footage if you're like me and you just use really I use still images it's almost like a slideshow presentee your editing just has to be good enough to keep people engaged also I talk really fast in my shorts yeah people notice it and they even comment on it and I do that for two reasons one it makes sure that I can fit all of my information in below a minute also I don't talk too fast to where people don't understand it but it's engaging because people think pretty fast I mean you're trying to keep people's attention on YouTube shorts and you want to make it quick pace so how do you do your intros then if because you know engagement on YouTube obviously it's big not just for short for Content but also for long form content intros are huge intro the intro is just like your thumbnail I make the title of the video I'll be comparing two countries or something like comparing China to India my first five seconds of my video are just saying let's compare China to India because people need to know what they're watching so you want to make a good intro because people will just scroll away Focus the entire video around the intro like think about your intro before you even start the video uh so in regards to engagement just looking at like your YouTube analytics because me personally always looking at my analytics my engagement average view duration and all that stuff so for sort specifically what what analytics are the most important you think two that I look at are how often people watch the video in terms of swiping away like what percentage of people that come across my video watch it versus how many just keep going and scroll to a new video yeah and the other one is how much of the video are they watching what I find for both about 75 percent of people watch my videos versus 25 that skip people watch about 80 of the video on average which is pretty good and it's worth I've worked my way up to get to that point because when I started my videos weren't as good I didn't know what I was doing as much yeah my engagement was maybe like 60 people watched on average about 60 of the video and you just have to get better and better and better so moving on from the intros first like just for the rest of the video what do you think the ideal length for a short is first off they have be under 60 seconds right so you want to keep it under 60 seconds but if you can't get to 60 seconds or 40 seconds don't try to put in a bunch of extra fluff to just inflate the length of your video just make it as long as you can with good information that's what I do with my long videos like I always want to hit eight minutes yes of like you know monetization I can put mineral ads in the video but not adding 7 30 or like 30 seconds of like garbage yeah I'm adding 30 more seconds of value like more information so I'll see a lot of channels on YouTube with you know like way more subs than me like 100 000 I go to click on their videos because you know I'm curious and then they're long form videos 100 250 views like like tiny numbers for such a high sub count and then I look in the shorts there's a million fifty thousand yeah the shorts are getting views and they're getting Subs but then their long content is just dead and for your channel definitely not the case right you have a high sub count you have high views on your shorts you don't have a ton of Vlog videos yeah all eight videos though they're bringing in views yeah you've obviously managed to avoid it how how would you recommend other people avoid that trap and how have you personally gotten has that what you have to do is you need to find a way and it's going to be different for everyone but you need to find a way to make sure that your audience is engaged not with just with your shorts but also with the long form content by making them sort of invested in you yeah you want to stand out you want to be unique and you don't want to just dig yourself into shorts maybe also make long-form content along with your shorts at the same time like if you're starting a new channel let's say make shorts and make long-form content at the same time from the very beginning yeah I think that's a really good way to do it because people will watch both videos a lot of the times right so you don't want to just make 30 shorts for example and then start getting into long you want to just kind of get started with that yeah very beginning yep and make sure that your shorts and your long form videos are directly correlated I've thought about this a lot with my channel too like being in this niche of YouTube education technically a video called something like how much money does Mr Beast make on YouTube that's YouTube education right yeah yeah and I think my viewers would watch that but at the same time it will blow up because you know it's Mr Beast right yeah yeah the views that it'll be bringing in and it probably also subscribers if you know I do well they're not going to be people that will watch my long content and so you said your shorts are not clips of your lawn content yeah do you think clipping that into shorts could be successful I've definitely seen that work in a way you can use that is say hey you enjoyed this little snippet watch the full video link in the pin comment or check it out on my channel when the few people go and watch that they'll also watch your other videos so now you have loyal subscribers you also mentioned uh using the pinned comment as a way like call to action and you said go check out the pin comment right yeah for long videos we always say go to my link in the description do shorts even have a description and how does that all work shorts do have a description but it's kind of hidden you know the button with the three little dots I think so yeah it's changed a lot I think I think so it could be outdated by the time you see this even like it is shorts are so new that they're changing a lot the comment section is a lot more viable people check the comments on their own situation anyway right yeah to see oh what the heck put stuff in your videos that will make people or look at the comments YouTube likes when there's more comments on a video right so give people the comment and get them to read other comments so the description is a ghost town but how do you feel about those little hashtags I use hashtag shorts on every video doesn't do anything I have no idea I don't think it's a super necessary element do you have anything in your descriptions no nothing nothing so I think the biggest question that's in everybody's mind you know you have oh here we go yeah billions of views right on your shorts tons of views on your long form content lots of subscribers a loyal Community right oh I love you guys do you make any money I think that's the question that's on everybody's mind because my Channel people care about making money yes people even ask in real life what did you mean the answer is not enough to even buy like a meal per short shorts don't make you very much money at all there's just so little money in terms of advertising on shorts yeah to give you an idea I get about five cents per 1000 views that I get on a short versus three dollars per thousand views that I get a long video on a long video yeah for me that's about like 350. different for every Channel's Niche for the shorts I think it's the same for every short right every short gets about four or five cents per 1000 views across the board I think the reason for that is when people are scrolling the ads are not like on the videos themselves they're just they're not really putting ads based on the videos yeah they're just putting them in between swipes yeah like tailored to you obviously yeah so advertisers can't really pay more or less depending on like the niche of a short whereas for a long video right if you put an ad on a finance video exactly The Advertiser knows they're advertising to people with lots of money yep and you know vice versa for other stuff yeah the way that shorts work is they have a pool like just how much money they make for shorts ads and then they give you a portion of that which is five cents for every thousand views that you get based on the number of views you get it's not a lot of money people could start making integrated content where like they integrate a sponsorship in their shorts yeah but we haven't seen that much on YouTube yet like people that make IRL content it's so easy to like give them a hoodie with like a brand exact shoes or whatever yeah right and I think you could do that in shorts too but something like I would do or like even you would do like you're not gonna put nordvpn in a short no you could do a sponsored segment it would have to be really short it would have to be more like a shout out honestly because yeah the sponsored segments I usually do usually they're like 60 to 90 seconds yeah like that's by far the most common and a short is literally 60 seconds but you literally just made a video exactly you would literally have to base the entire topic of the short based on whatever you're advertising right and the thing you're advertising for would then have to be related to your Niche yeah I'm partnered with the vid IQ right I could do a whole short on vid IQ and to be honest I might yeah right because it would work it would yeah because people people would watch it because they care about you know YouTube education absolutely that IQ provides by the way how to get sponsorships on YouTube yeah you know it's probably gonna be up here just pop it open in a new tab like watch it sometime after this if you're interested so for the people watching this interview that want to go check out your content after this uh what's your next short gonna be well to come up with my next idea for my short I'll be watching this video here oh which you can click too go watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @LuckyBatista [2 likes]: It's a 9 minutes video but I've garnered enough information for my current and new YouTube channels.
Thanks a million man 🙏
  2. @Arqade04 [1 likes]: It's a great video and it gave me enough information for my new YouTube channel.
Thank you so much man! 🙏
  3. @Face_1eess: Sup twin
  4. @OfficiallyMario: Why make shorts if they don’t make money
  5. @FearlezBS: I have a problem, i have videos with amazing stats but they don't get over 10000 views and its just very annoying because i have shorts with 100% audience retention.
  6. @HowCarsAI: Make my comment viral
  7. @smartmachineryCN: very cool , it was like i was just with you talking and drinking tea
  8. @gratitudeprayers: Great content. Thx
  9. @JurgilOfficial: I made 3 videos and got 3 subscribers :D So that's kind of nice:))
  10. @SamtpfotenTV: Good Video
  11. @YourCosmicStar: Is it possible to make a short with a recorded video such as your own anime edit?
  12. @Tajworks: Great video! I Just want to blow up on longforms the same way i blew up on shorts....
  13. @riyabanerjee705: Very nice vedio ❤
  14. @xoTaken: bro i just wanna say this has helped me so much, getting back into content has been a rough learning process but your videos make it so  easy for my adhd to understand it lmao
  15. @m00ngummy: I wish yall would make my channel go viral 💀
  16. @lowlowseesee: great conversation yall
  17. @sushiboy6645: Me too ❤ make my comment viral hehe
  18. @classicgamesunited: MAN THIS VIDEO WAS AMAZING AND ENCOURAGING thanks alot
  19. @Wiy28826hjdbs: I have been making shorts recently and they got 500 to 1500 views and I only have 8 subs😢
  20. @tafosaberfitOfficial: 279 shorts so far but none has gone viral, still going strong, I know it will take off someday

- Quit Dropshipping If You Want To Be Rich in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en look guys if you're still Drop Shipping in 2025 then you're wasting your time and before you freak out and run to the comments at least just hear me out for the next 2 minutes listen I've personally made millions of dollars Drop Shipping ever since 2016 and I've been able to do it profitably Drop Shipping completely changed my life it was my first online money that allowed me to quit my job drop out of college I will always have an insane amount of love for it but I have to be honest with you guys There's an opportunity right now to make six figures profit a month and you can do it with no store no upfront ad costs no long shipping times no customer support no legal cost no employees nothing all you need is a phone and some free time that's literally it and when I know an opportunity like that exists I can't just sit on the sidelines and keep telling you guys that Drop Shipping is the best fastest easiest way to make money when right now there's something that's better my goal on this channel is simple I want to help you guys learn the fastest and easiest ways to make money online so you can get out of your shitty job drop out of college and actually start living a life that you're happy with that's on your own terms that's my only goal and right now you can get Financial Freedom time freedom and location Freedom with just a fun and the harsh reality is to see success with Drop Shipping in 2025 right now you have to do a lot and honestly the true backbone of Drop Shipping and why I have so much love for it and why it's been so amazing is because you can use organic marketing to get success so to be successful Drop Shipping you have to master short form content anyway so what if you could utilize the skill of creating viral content but not have to deal with any of the backend issues of dropshipping where all you do is make a video on your phone and enjoy a 100% profit margin no running a business no paying for ads and no customer support well right now you can do all of that as an affiliate Creator on Tik Tok shop I personally tried it myself and made $6,200 in my first 30 days starting from complete scratch it was my first attempt ever and the reason I was so successful is because I have the skill set from Drop Shipping of knowing how to make viral content I've been making short firm videos for my personal brand and for my Drop Shipping brands for years so when I applied those skills to Tik Tok shop it was an instant success so let me honestly ask you why would you start Drop Shipping in 2025 when you have to work your ass off to generate revenue and you're only making 20 to 30 % profit margin on it through either working to create viral content or risking your own upfront money to run paid ads and just hoping it all works out because if you're good at making viral content why wouldn't you just apply that skill to Tik Tok shops selling other people's products still getting a 20 to 30% commission but not having to deal with any customers products or any hassle of running a business that's the amazing reality for Tik Tok shop creators and a lot of them are making six figures profit each month doing this this is a software called cataa and you can go into this Creator button right here and see how much money creator are generating each month so right now everything on here is revenue so people are bringing in millions but keep in mind they're probably profiting anywhere from 20 to 30% on that let's just look at this guy dude deals this is literally someone's dad he bought a Tik Tok account with 13,000 followers and it was probably anywhere from like 2 to 400 bucks and he generated almost $1.2 million selling someone else's products we can see almost all of that was from going live he did $38,000 a day in the last 30 days alone it's absolutely insane we can see what product he's selling selling as well let's go to product oh wow it actually looks like he's all over the place he's doing a treadmill some vitamins more vitamins y bam mate hoodies that's actually crazy he's he's literally just going live on his phone on a ton of different products having fun each day is a new day to talk about a new product all he does is prop his phone up point it at the product and talk about it with real people and he's making probably an average of 20% because when you're making a ton of money for a brand they give you higher Commission rates because they know you're really good let's do a quick calculation on that so he did like let's say 1.2 million so my dumb ass has to literally look up what 20% of 1.2 million is but it's $240,000 literally just a old Boomer talking on his phone talking about products on Tik Tok shop on an account that he purchased he didn't even grow to that following it's literally insane with live streams you you don't even need any skills you literally just sit down and talk to people about the product and Tik Tok funnels you viewers it's it's ridiculous just to further explain how easy this is this is my girlfriend's dad Jean he works a full-time job and he does Tik Tok shop live streams on the side and he just made $1,000 in 7 days and he's literally just having fun with this like I said he still runs a full-time job he's new to Tik Tok shop he's never created content before he just starts live streams and makes good money here's some of my personal results I mean I did this for 30 days like I said I documented it all on YouTube I'll have the video Linked In the description if you guys want to go see that because I truly filmed and documented the entire 30 days of getting into this right here I did 1.2 th000 Commission in a single day on one 3our live stream selling an Apple carplay device talking on my phone I have a course in community group on this teaching people exactly how to start making money with Tik Tok shop because the hardest thing about all of this is you really need to understand how to find a good product how to communicate with Brands and that's exactly what we help you do we teach you live streams because you can instantly just pop in turn your phone on and make $50 to $100 an hour like almost guaranteed if you know what you're doing then we teach you videos and that's where you can really start scaling up to making tens of thousands each month profitably with a very high success rate on that this is my course platform Jordan's Library we have free courses on here but the Tik Tok shop courses are paid and right now it is closed we're only taking applications for people who are interested to join because we can pretty much guarantee you're going to be making thousands of dollars a month if you just follow what we teach you and use the products that we help you find this is going to help you really quit your job make stable income and the video course is going to teach you how to really scale to like 50 100K months in profit because if you make a viral video the amount you're going to make off it is insane so you have your consist and stable income through live streams and then you have your high opportunity income through videos that's basically passive income once you create the video it could make you money for months but right now this course in community is closed we are getting people some insane results and we really just can't keep up with how many people are coming in because I'm giving my personal time to everyone I'm live in there multiple times a week and we're personally helping people find products so I really can't put too much time in it if anyone's interested in joining we do have an application process but I'll be honest maybe one out of 100 people are going to actually be accepted into that if you want to try if you're really serious about Tik Tok shop I do recommend applying the link will be in the description of this video now here's the insane part this is our instructor Noah he did $106,000 in profit in a single month all from his phone a lot of it was from live streams but he did have some viral videos as well absolutely insane this is the guy that teaches you how to do live streams and videos inside of our course this guy Austin did $7,000 in a single day from a viral video and in a 7-Day time period he did $43,000 in profit that's his commissions that Tik Tok sends to his bank account like instantly so again knowing that this exists I really don't understand why anyone would go through the hassle of getting into Drop Shipping and I will say before the video ends that Drop Shipping is amazing it can make you insane money and most importantly it can teach you how to run a company and a business which is so valuable and if you start Drop Shipping with the intention to actually build a long-term brand you could create something that's worth billions of dollars but the caveat is if you're just trying to sit down and Achieve Financial Freedom time freedom and location freedom in the fastest way possible then the easiest way to do that right now is with Tik Tok shop there's zero doubt in my mind I've seen it for myself if I sat down and did a 30-day Drop Shipping challenge I can promise you over my life that I would not profit $66,000 in 30 days this is some of the easiest craziest money I've ever seen in my 8 years of being in the make money online space the only caveat to this is you have to be from the US or the UK there is some workarounds to get in if you're in Canada or some other countries I'm not going to lie there's a lot of steps you have to jump through to be able to get it to work but it is possible and we do teach people how to do it inside of the course in community phone to Freedom so if you're super serious about learning Tik Tok shop you want to get into this then please scroll to the description of this video and submit an application to come join the community the odds are pretty low we'll accept you right now we're probably taking around 1 to two people every day at the absolute Max and mainly that's because I'm personally sitting in there doing live streams helping you find products reviewing your videos and your live streams and making sure you're making money so that being said I hope you got some value out of this video I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JordanBown [162 likes]: You can do Tik Tok Shop from other countries! It is possible but you have to jump through extra hurdles! So still apply if you are interested, just know it won’t be a streamlined process! ❤️
  2. @Ellioraakpofure1111 [2 likes]: But i’m not in the Uk or Us
  3. @shinju_hir [2 likes]: Anyone from South Africa ....
  4. @SonuKumar-lr7xz [1 likes]: Yaa I am from india
  5. @JohnPayto2321 [1 likes]: Im so tired of this mess man all I see is Shopify drop shipping but as soon as I try it falls through
  6. @PlaybackArt [1 likes]: He selling course I don't have money
  7. @ahmarislamicvideo [1 likes]: If you aren't from USA or UK never waste time your as well as mine 😂😂😂
  8. @novehorillo [1 likes]: so Mr Jordan Brown i'm from the phillipenes so i can join in you Community
  9. @WORDISWRONGFO [1 likes]: Same dude that made a 18 hour guide on drop shipping btw
  10. @LuckyKhan-og9zu: Hello  my name is Raihan. I want to learn from you. I am from Bangladesh and I want to make money. people are not care about me without money please accept my accept my request I want to learn please 😖
  11. @EmmaChen-d2m: Honestly, Japan taught me that ecommerce isn’t only about finding winning products. Even small issues like delayed tracking updates or inconsistent shipping communication affect customer trust much more there. Once I improved that side, refund stress became way lower and scaling felt more stable overall.
  12. @prm4uofficial: The point about switching from dropshipping to digital products is solid — what most people miss is that the real leverage isn't the product type, it's owning the audience relationship so you're not at the mercy of ad costs or platform changes. Building even a small email list of 500 engaged people from your content consistently outperforms chasing 50K cold views, because those people actually convert when you launch something 🔑
  13. @HazaraNizar: But i am a teenage how i get products for the tik tok account the product should be in your hand right but shopify is like an exchange ?
  14. @AnvitaNarendra: Dawg,there ain't no tiktok in india. Watched this for nothing
  15. @AbigailAjayi-k6q: This is not possible if you don't have followers on TikTok 😢😢
  16. @nistaroai2: Tbh I gave up on UGC creators. Spent like $2k on creatives that flopped and TikTok flags reposted content anyway. Started using this tool called rinsetok that strips the video fingerprint so hooks don't get detected its way cheaper than paying creators who may or may not convert. Tried AI UGC too but the CAC was brutal, people can just tell its fake. Now i outright just copy a viral tiktok and just repost it saves time and money.
  17. @PlaybackArt: Bro I can't do this shit because It's difficult in our country
  18. @MUSTAFASÖYLEMEZ-u6t: telegram kanalı var mı?
  19. @aminedabbebi6079: Do you need to go viral to sell?!!
  20. @parasad-w6i: BUT growing a audiance can be difficult

- She got 1M Subscribers in 90 days - Jenny Hoyos Interview: Kind: captions Language: en You can go viral no matter your niche cuz there is an audience for everything. I went from 1,000 to 100,000 subscribers in a month. The next 3 months I hit a million. That sounds wild. Just do something different. Be the creator, not the follower. What is the element that actually keeps people interested? Curiosity gap is number one. Otherwise, there's no reason for the viewer to watch if they already know what you're talking about. And then a good hook starts with shock. keep them engaged from the very first frame. Basically, my hook format is Jenny, it's so nice to have you here. I'm really excited to dig into the mechanics of going viral. Um, yeah, thanks for taking the time. Yeah, thanks for having me. Super excited to help creators. What do people What do creators get wrong about the whole going viral side of things? It's not there's not a shortage of information out there. But why is it so hard? Yeah. And no matter how many times someone says it, when creators are starting out, they think that it's either luck or money. And when you think that, you end up making really poor decisions such as running ads or paying for views and then you just completely kill your channel. Completely. And either route you kill your channel. So, um, I'd say that's the biggest misconception and the way the algorithm actually works is if your video engages well with the viewer, they'll send it out to a bigger group and then those 100 people. If it does well, they'll send it out to a thousand, does well with thousand, sends it out to more. That's actually how the algorithm works. That's the biggest misconception. So, is there any particular engagement we're looking for? Like, is it comments, is it likes, is it shares? Do any of those matter? Viewer retention matters most. making sure that the viewer uh the goal for the platforms is for the users to be on there as long as possible. So the the longer that the people are watching your videos, the better that it is and the better it signals to the algorithm, oh people really like this. Nice. You told me before we started this call that you've helped thousands of creators go viral. Tell them a little bit about what you do, how you do what you do. Yeah. So, um, funny enough, one day I ended up doing one of these podcasts and just sharing everything I I know. I don't hold back and I got an influx of emails. I mean, it was over a hundred creators asking um for a one-on-one call and I was doing a couple originally um until I quickly well a couple as in filling up my entire day until it got to the point where I barely had time to eat or or really do anything cuz I had so many calls and I decided I was just going to put everyone in one big group call and we were just going to do a group call all together. that would just be much more efficient and it was and and I and I made it a lot cheaper and that was the best thing I could have ever done and that's how I have gotten to help thousands of creators and I even have a community of creators. Um I'm launching a new program group coaching program for creators. So, it's going to be one week uh where I work with uh everyone who signs up and I and I like it that way where we work out everyone um as a group for a certain amount of time rather than just like a pre-recorded like thing. And so, are we talking about just the entertainment side of things? Do you have some educational creators you've helped? There's so many like it's such a big spectrum of what a creator is, right? I've made every niche go viral. Um, so I have worked with a doctor that has over 12 million subscribers on YouTube, worked with a business channel that has over five million subscribers. Um, no, sorry, 5 million followers across platforms. I don't know if I could say their name, but people know who they are. Um, I've worked with every single every single niche you can think of. I I've created content for chiropractor, home renovator, psychologist, you name it. You can go viral no matter your niche because there is an audience for everything. Podcasters, too. Yes, most definitely. Podcasters is very common. Yeah, because I find it really hard to create clips that have the same energy of the podcast in short form. Yeah. If I were to come to you and be like, hey, I want to grow my audience with short form content in the next 30 days, like what should I do? Yeah. So, the first thing you want to do is identify your avatar. The reason this is important is very simple example. If you make um 10 football videos in a row, the algorithm is going to know that your 11th is football. So, they're going to send it to a football audience. Even if you make a video about basketball, they're going to send it to the football audience because that's what you're doing. Um so, in that same way, if you're making random content with no specific audience um being targeted, the algorithm is not going to know who to send it out to. So, the number one thing is you need to know who you're targeting and and nail in in that. Even if the content isn't working, keep targeting that person. just try different things to uh appeal to them and attract that person. Um and I mean there's lots of tips and and I could be here for like 20 hours honestly but I would say that's the most important once you know that you know a lot of the questions get answered. I could not agree more with you. Um, I started this channel with a very what I thought was a specific, you know, audience in mind, making content for creators, but I very soon figured out, oh, that's that's very big. Like, we want to go much much more specific. Yes. Sometime last year, I figured out all I want to or who I can serve best is solo creators who want to stay solo. And since making this call, I'm like, "Oh, things are easy now." All right, if you're still watching at this point, chances are pretty high that you either are a creator or you're trying to become one because most other people have left at this point. And that is actually a good thing because I'm not optimizing for everybody. I'm optimizing for the right people, people like you. And here's actually something that might help you on your creator journey. Every week I send out a short newsletter with actionable frameworks, insights, and ideas that help you grow without burning out, without selling out, and without obsessing over retention graphs. So, if that's something you would enjoy, reading while drinking your second cup of coffee, the link is down in the description. Uh, now let's get back to the episode. Yeah, that's that's such a big unblock. Oh, yeah. A lot of people are scared to niche down cuz they think that um they're going to get less views, but you actually make it easier for yourself to get views because the algorithm knows who to send it to. You'd rather Would you rather have your videos sent out to 100 people or zero? Exactly. Like Yeah. Um I'd much rather pick the hundred and and and then niche up from there. Yeah. and probably the same hundred people over and over. Not like, oh, a hundred people who are interested in football, a 100 people who are interested in cooking and so on. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. What are some of the elements that people overlook or that are really important for making really engaging content that make people keep watching, right? Yeah. Curiosity gap is number one. You need to have a curiosity gap. Otherwise, there's no reason for the viewer to watch if they already know what you're talking about. Um, so, so that's important and no matter no matter what niche you're doing. Um, and I mean, I don't know. There's so much I want I want to say. Maybe we can we can talk a bit more about that first before I I get ahead of myself. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, a curiosity gap is essentially uh the way I like to think about it is when you are making a video, you want to think of it as a a big puzzle except imagine buying a puzzle, but you don't know what puzzle like you bought. You just have a bunch of pieces together, but you don't know what image it's going to create. Okay? So, that is a video. You know, at the end, you're going to get some sort of uh thing, some sort of image, but you don't know exactly what that image is. And that's what videos are. You need to know by the end of the video you're going to know something. For example, what's the healthiest fruit, let's just say, but you don't know what the fruit actually is. So, you have to watch until the end. And then slowly the video should be progressing like a puzzle where you're slowly getting the answers. And as you're going, you're kind of guessing. You're like, this picture kind of is coming out like this. Oh, wait, no, but it could be this. And that's kind of what you want to do with your viewer. They need to be at the edge of their seat at the entire time, but kind of puzzling it together until the very end of the video where they get the full picture. So that's that's how I think about adding a curiosity gap or using curiosity gaps in your videos. I I like that analogy of the puzzle. That makes a lot of sense. What I find so challenging is to identify what people don't know because I already spent so much time with a topic with a guest with with a concept. What is the element that actually keeps people interested? Is that something you see in a lot of people that that's a challenge for them or um are there some other challenges that people have with identifying those curiosity gaps? No, it can be tough but it comes back to thinking about your avatar and then asking yourself what they know, what they want to know, and then bridging those gaps because in order to create a curiosity gap, they need to know they're getting at least something. So, they have to know something. and thinking about what they know about a specific topic and then what they don't know within that topic is uh it's it's always best to start somewhere. So instead of thinking like oh wait what I don't know what they don't know think of a topic that they do know. So if it's like uh um let's go back to the fruits example fruits are healthy. They know fruits are healthy but they don't know which is the healthiest. That's kind of how you get to to that. Um starting with the topic is number one. You can make any topic go viral as long as you find the viral angle of it. That's kind of what I'm known for. I'm known for uh this technique calling turning coal into diamond. Tell me more. Yeah, turning coal into diamond is is uh it's pretty much what it's doing. You want to turn a a mundane topic or or anything into something uh special and that's by adding a curiosity gap. Yeah. But do you do you feel like a lot of people come to you and they actually sitting on a pile of coal and just don't know how to turn it into diamonds or are you building up the coal with them first? Um, for the most part they are sitting cuz I I speak with a lot of professionals who know a bunch of topics about things. So they usually just like give me a bunch of technical information and that is all cool and you have to figure out how to make it it broad to someone. Um, so like literally yesterday I was on a call with like uh like a water filter company. It's like how do you make that viral? And it's like well let's look at the uh and the way I think about it is like okay well um that that could be very technical the way the water filter works and maybe that's not necessarily viral. Um but what we can do is everyone drinks water and we need to associate it to things that people love the most and what they do know and what people know is pop culture. So, how can we attach pop culture? Um, it doesn't always need to be pop culture. It's just that's that's like an example. Um, like athletes was the best way we could we could think about it is just using um uh social hacking off of athletes like the type of like how all athletes um they don't just drink whatever water water they're athletes. Um so, it's like it it does it is dependent on the niche. That's just kind of an example and an approach that I decided to take for for that specific company. So, we have an avatar. We know who we want to reach with our videos. And we have a bunch of ideas that we can turn into viral ideas by, I guess, pressure testing them to become diamonds. Yes. What's what's the next step? It's it's kind of within this step um is is coming up with the hook. The reason why I say it's kind of part of this step actually is because if you don't have a good hook, then like you can have an idea, but if you can't make a good hook, it wasn't that good of an idea after all and maybe it's not meant to be a video. So then you kind of come back to this stage. Um, so yeah, I guess the next step would be uh trying to to make a good hook. And sometimes you might need to change the idea to to make so that it's a good hook. You know, I'm not sure if you heard the 8020 rule. Everyone's heard about the 8020. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's it's 80% of the output come from 20% of the input basically. And that is your hook and idea cuz they're the same thing. Is there is there a next next step after you have your hook after you have your idea? Um or is it just about getting the reps in? Honestly, because it's it's uh basically 80% of the output. uh most of what I I uh like tell people to focus on before they get to anything else is mastering their hooks because that tends to be the biggest problem. Um but it also gets more advanced when we talk about the other stuff cuz uh from there there's a bunch of different frameworks to follow and it depends on your niche and there's so many different video formats. So if you're reacting to a video it's going to be different from a cooking video and which is going to be different from an informational video which is different from a storytelling video. So, um, just the general rule is to make sure that there is progression kind of like the puzzle piece example where the viewer is guessing what the answer cuz ideally your video starts with some sort of question uh that gets answered at the end or a problem that gets uh solved at the end. So throughout they're trying to either figure out the problem or or answer the question. Um, so very much like just like you would think about the analogy, that's how you want to treat the video. And at the payoff, you literally give the final image of the puzzle for a split second and then that's it. The video should end. Don't overd deliver because people are just going to leave if you if you start rambling. Um, you lose one second. Even if you you know if people swipe away like on the last second, even if they leave the very last second, your video that could be that could be the difference between your video going viral or not. So you as soon as you give the payoff, you just cut it off immediately. So keep them keep them engaged from the very first frame to the last second. Yeah. And the way you do it very much depends on the niche. Um but there's a couple of tactics here and there depending on your your content style. You say it's easy to go viral. I've seen many people have a breakout video with their first five videos, but the question often then becomes, how do you make sure people stick around? What do you do with this viral success? And like Marquez Brownley often says like going viral early is the worst thing that can happen to you. Uh that is an interesting take that he said. I think uh it could be a sticky situation if uh it happens too early and you don't know how to keep the momentum cuz yes it is important to keep the momentum and you do that by u the easiest way is turning whatever you did into a bucket which is essentially kind of like a uh a bucket is almost like a show. You kind of want to um have have several episodes where you do the same concept but it doesn't necessarily need to be in order. It doesn't need to be a series that is in order. It's just a series that could be watched in any order. So, for example, I had a a success with a video where I remade a fast food recipe for cheaper. I made it with a dollar instead of five. And after that was a wild success, over 50 million views, I decided, let me do this like 10 more times. So, I did and I did a bunch of different fast food recreations for cheaper. And that's the easiest way. You want to follow through with that. Uh but also trying to find uh different versions of that idea. I don't know if you actually said the word format in there, but that's been something that's been on my mind for a while. Formats are huge. Yeah. Is that just a matter of throwing spaghetti on the wall and seeing what sticks or do you go at it more strategically? To some extent, I would say. Um, so when people learn that like learn this where um if one video takes off then you can make a bunch of videos take off cuz like all those videos have over 10 million views. Like it's a it's a great it's a formats are great because if one form one video is doing well all of them are doing well. But a common misconception is I see creators then create a format in advance in their head um and then they film like 10 videos and they post them and then they all flop. Sometimes people seek for that format. Don't seek for the the format. Create a bunch of different videos of what you think will uh do well in itself and if it does well then turn it into a format. creating a format in advance um uh makes some people get a little bit ahead of their yourself and then they they get they get uh shot in the foot. And is that kind of a make a bunch of short form content and then turn it into long form content? Can that can it start with long form content? Are the rules completely different there? What's your perspective on that? It can go vice versa but it needs it the same idea or execution cannot be used for long form and short form. Um so long form is like a complete master class is the way I think about it versus short form is more of like a fact of something. Um so let's uh let's think of an example. Um I know I know a lot about let's go back to the fruits example. So, let's say there's a a video where where someone um I literally just saw this video, so I'm going to use it as an example. Someone did a tier list of every fruit from most healthiest to least healthiest. Okay, despite them all being healthy. That was like that was like a 30-minute video clearly going through every single fruit that exists. That's a long form video. Now, um, let's say you you create that and it was wildly successful and you want to capitalize off and and continue getting growth by creating shorts because this way you can you can get those same viewers or you can get different viewers who then see the long form. So, instead of like some people will make that a concise version and just show an image of all the the fruits already ranked. Don't do that. Instead, create one short about one individual fruit or even better go even deeper. The reason why I say that is because you want it to complement the content. You don't want it to be like, "Oh, well, that's the same thing." Cuz if they run into it in the long form, they're just going to skip over it. Um, so something that can complement it or let's just say, uh, three ways you can use an apple. And then and then um you mentioned and um if you want to know what what uh how healthy apples are compared to the other fruits, I have the long form video. So that's how I think about it. You can you could do that or vice versa. That's the way I I think about it. The long form is a complete master class and the short is a fun fact. I have to go back to to my example to my brain, right? It's taking clips from a podcast conversation is pretty easy, but it is just the same content distributed on a in a different kind of way. But if I maybe record my insight from that conversation and that mention it in the end with a strong hook with, you know, what we talked about earlier, maybe that's a better strategy. I don't know. I think both are great. Yeah, I think um it's much easier to make that better for sure, but when someone runs into a podcast a podcast clip, they likely are running into that because they watch podcast clips. So, um naturally, it's going to show up in their feed. And because of that, those viewers tend to be more forgiving that podcast clips are not scripted. So, they're probably going to be okay that it's not fully optimized, but you want to do your best to uh optimize it. Number one tip for those who create podcast clips is to have a title card. Instead of trying to find the moment in your podcast where you say a hook like sentence, don't do that. Just start with the most weirdest sentence that you say, even if it makes no sense, out of context. Weirdest sentence that you said and then use a title card, which is text on screen that acts as a hook to give the context that the viewer needs. Just so I understand this correctly, you pick a random sentence from the conversation. Um, that that's relevant to the rest of the conversation. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, but in the title card, you say what the whole conversation is about. What the viewer is the shock or basically my hook format is shock. Um, which will probably be in your sentence. Um, simply explain what it's going to be and the reason to watch until the end. So, what value? What what are you guys talking about and what value are they going to get if they listen until the end? It's it's fascinating to hear you talk about this topic. Like, how how did you become so entrenched with this whole, you know, figuring this stuff out? This is Yeah. I don't know. Were you like in a school where like everybody was obsessed with YouTube and you were just like having a YouTube club or how did this start this whole thing? I I I mean I've always loved making making videos. I've always loved entertainment. Um but but every aspect of it even before I started my channel uh I used to create ads for local businesses and uh so I would go to um the first one I ever did was I went to my chiropractor. He told me that he wanted to like um expand his his reach and he wanted to run Facebook ads but he doesn't know how to do it. And because I okay actually this is even more detail. I did drop shipping way long ago and when he mentioned Facebook ads I was like oh I'm familiar with that and I actually do know how to make content. Um so then I was like let me let me just film videos of you like adjusting patients and then um maybe talk about what you're doing, why you're doing it and and let's uh let's start marketing your place. and and that's what I started doing um before I started my channel. So I I got into the more professional side of it, which uh which which means I had to learn a little bit more of the the technicals because I was like, "Oh, I want this to go well for for him because that would be embarrassing if if it if it doesn't because I have to see this guy every week." Um, so yeah, I was doing that for a lot of small local businesses and I realized like until it clicked one day, this is they're actually getting so many more sales. This is impacting them so much. They're getting so much reach. Why am I not doing this for myself and making this my full-time living? Mhm. And that's when I decided I was going to do it myself. And um I I I knew I I've always I guess I was always just interested in the business side. So naturally my brain just just worked in that. And as far as as learning everything, as much as I want to say um I learned like you do learn from reading your own retention graphs. So as much as I want to say, oh, I I experimented and then I looked at my graph and tried things, you learn you become a master at something when you teach it. And because I've had thousands of students, I've looked at more retention graphs. I've worked I've worked on a thousandx the amount of videos than anyone has and I've looked at a thousandx the amount of retention graphs. So it speeds up the process because I get to experiment on different factors on not just my own content but a bunch of different pieces of content and I can do it so much faster because I'm not spending the time scripting, filming, editing. I'm just giving the the tweaks which allows me to uh I guess learn much faster. So it's a it's a pretty good cheat code. I love what you just said about teaching what you know makes you better at the thing that you're teaching. Yes. I I really love that and I've experienced that many many times over. Uh and I think a lot of people underestimate that. Not to like skip too far ahead like you decided to make your own or make videos for yourself instead of just for your chiropractor. Was that like an instant success or did it take you a few tries to like make it work for yourself? Yeah, so I've been making videos since I was 8 years old, but it was more for fun and just silly videos. But when I decided to take it seriously and really learn everything, I actually like I dedicated months just learning. Um, so when I really tried and started implementing everything, I blew up within a month. So it took me years to learn everything, but once I knew everything, I I gained like I I went from zero to or I went from 1,000 to 100,000 subscribers in a month. Amazing. How did that feel? It was It was good to know that it worked and I kept doing the system and the next three months I hit a million. like it's it's it's it's wild. It shows that that uh everything is is is really exponential for sure. And so with where you are now, you have figured out the system for yourself and you're able to help other people implement that system. What's what's Jenny doing in 10 years? Like what's the big picture here? Yeah, that's a great question. So bigger picture, I'm doing what I'm doing right now, but amplified. So ideally, it's a bigger media production company where right now I'm I'm doing let's just say like right now the biggest part of the business is is sponsorships. So what that looks like is a brand will reach out to me. They say, "Hey, we have this product. Can you make a video, post it on your page, uh so we can get more people to see it and get people to buy our product?" That's that's like what I'm doing at a a small well I mean it is still pretty great but like it's it's just me in the video and it's I'm recording with my phone like it's kind of like a small scale thing. So bigger picture would be for brands to come to me. Hey we have this product we need to market it. We don't just want a video we want you you to help us market this. Um, so bigger scale and then I come in and I'm like, "Yeah, well I have my social presence, my my personal brand where we can market it on my page and we could also create advertisements that we run across YouTube, Instagram, Tik Tok, but I also have a network of influencers who work perfectly with your product." Um, so in other words, instead of being just the small part of their marketing campaign, I am in charge of their campaign. That would be that'd be great cuz that that way I get to I get to tap into it like everything I was doing kind of like what I was doing before but also what I'm doing now. It would it would be so cool to do both worlds. It's rare to find this perspective. I feel like cuz there's two large bucket when it comes to content creation or the creator economy let's say. There's a very strong creative element that a lot of people are drawn to and there's a very important business side of thing and it seems like you have both sides figured out. It it is interesting. I find that a lot of creators tend to start as creatives and and get more entrepreneurial as they as they learn that like absolutely um you can't just monetize like expecting the platforms are going to pay you even though they they can. Um, but for me, I I feel like I I uh yes, I do have the blend. I feel like I came into this more entrepreneurial, which probably is to my advantage where I came from the perspective where I was just trying to make money creating ads. And then I realized like I realized that that um it just makes sense to to be a to be to be a creator. Um but yeah, I guess I got lucky. Guess I I guess I kind of got lucky to have the the blend. So, a little bit of luck is uh definitely helps. Luck exists, but it's not how people think. The way I explain luck is um oh, I'm I'm so lucky, but but you can also make your own luck. I mean, it's it's like, yes, I got lucky that my channel took off, but was it really luck if I've been doing this for years and I was working on like um creating videos? It's like, well, was it luck or did I did I build my luck by building the skill set and also spending years? There's definitely something to that. Um, and I can't help but see four play buttons in your background. Um, besides, you know, making some kind of I'm just going to call it advertising agency or content agency, are there some personal subscriber goals you still have or view goals or anything like that? Or is it really just like building a business that is centered around content? Yeah. So, there's no specific uh number in mind. I mean, I I could just make something up. I mean, it would be cool to have like a a total amount of views that is greater than the population. Um, but like like that would be pretty cool. Um, that sounds wild. Yeah. No, no specific uh numerical goals. I like to I I honestly just want to get involved in in a bunch of a bunch of different things. Uh I want to disrupt the industry is the way I think about it. Do you want to expand on that? Yeah. So, just do something different. Be uh be the creator, not the the follower, the leader, not the follower. So, um I feel like I'm doing that a bit with with um mastering short form content. But like if I or when I create the the production company that that handles campaigns, like that is that is going to be very unique and different. Um, I'm even speaking to um I'm in talks with a a a pretty uh a pretty big some pretty important people, let's just say, about like potentially even creating like Hollywood level shows on YouTube and then monetizing uh through our own products instead of selling it to um a a production company or instead of selling it to like u let's say Amazon Prime or something like I want I want to think of like unique different things that haven't been done yet and just try it. Like that's what excites me. I kind of just like I just kind of want to be known as like oh like Jenny Hos did that thing like do I hear that correctly? We're talking about narrative projects. Yes. So uh we're speaking um on both scripted and non-scripted. So we we plan on filming a a like Hollywood production level uh non-scripted uh show very soon. Um fascinating. you know, I I need to do a podcast after that's done. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to I don't want to pressure you too much on this, but like that's that's like an example of something that's like new and not really something that's on on YouTube. And I think that's an area that has not been figured out. The whole narrative element of like the whole yeah entertainment side of things and like educational side of things is super well established on all the platforms. But the storytelling part of things that we still go to Netflix for, we still go to Disney for, that is not really available on the user generated side. Let's let's just put it that way. Yeah. Because they need to know how to monetize it. That's Oh my goodness. I've been on hours of calls with uh with this production company I'm working with. The tricky thing is is is monetizing. it's it's much easier to sell to to that uh platform who who has a bunch of uh subscriptions because people are are you know paying for subscription so they have a lot of money so it's easier to sell to them but you can potentially monetize more if you if you do it on YouTube if you have the proper monetization strategy so for example Hot Ones is a great example of uh it's kind of like a Hollywood uh production level show which is basically where they have they interview celebrities while they eat like the world's spiciest wings apparently. And the reason why that's super monetizable is because they have several sponsorships throughout one episode, but they also sell the challenge for people to do themselves. So, it's a challenge of 10 different sauces. It progressively gets hotter and you want to see if the person can get to the last one. And then they sell a product where you can you can try the challenge at home for yourself. And I believe they have sold over $7 million in the last year or something crazy like that. It's because they knew how to monetize. So, if you have a proper monetization strategy in mind prior to doing it, then it's definitely genius. But definitely what comes first is building your personal brand. Um because otherwise the show it's like, oh, you go out of your way to create that and then it gets no views. Um but it's easy when Yeah. Well, in their case, they have celebrities, you know. Yeah. Um Yeah. And that element of having a product that is not just a shirt, but that's like people can talk about it, they can do it together, they can create their own content around it. Uh that is so powerful. But talking about big known creator that have called you up to improve their statistics, is there like even with people who have figured this thing out, is there something that um they're they're blindsided on or that they like overlook that they often miss? Yeah, there are uh a ton of things. I will say they overlook mechanisms. Um, it's interesting because sometimes you'll see the most beginner creators use it. Um, but then some advanced creators not. Um, or like when they start they you start using it and then they slowly stop because it's cheesy. And what I mean by that is it's almost like beginner's luck. You know, when in any in anything like the beginner makes the a good call just because it seems intuitive, but then as you learn more you're like, "Oh, maybe that's not a good intuition." But it it actually was. It's kind of like um like I've been learning pickle ball for example. So like a beginner would like hit the ball from below because like oh that's easier but then someone who starts learning more is thinking oh you have more power if you do it overhead but little do they know that's illegal. You can't do that in the game. Like so it's kind of like in that sense mechanisms are um something that's overlooked which is basically when you say three steps to do this uh or five reasons why you should do that or if you say I'm making a bacon egg and cheese sandwich. So it's like oh we know what's what's in it. Um so that's key. The viewer needs to know like the progression of the video you're going to do. you're going to make a sandwich, but like what exactly are you using? What am I going to expect? You need to you need to clearly give that expectation so the viewer knows how close we are to the end of the video. It's it's easy to be tempted to just like reinvent what you're doing and not just do the same thing over and over again. Cuz it sounds cheesy. It sounds so cheesy to say three ways to do whatever it is. But it it works. There's a reason why so many people do it. It works. Okay, I'm going to take this as a challenge even though you didn't frame it that way, but I'm going to make a handful of videos that just start with three. The number three, let's put it that way. But even so, like that's a popular I mentioned it earlier like 10 ways to use an apple. Like 10 ways to do something that you can't you you can't even comprehend how you can come up with that many ways is especially makes it extra viral. I'm I'm already fired up to like write a bunch of ideas down. I love it. Uh, but if there is somebody out there who's watching who like has been overthinking things too much, they like they want to put out some content, they have some ideas, but they're just like they haven't committed yet, they haven't like picked up the phone, they haven't picked up the camera. Uh, what would you tell them? I guess that's it. Everyone start creating because the longer you wait, the more creators join the platforms and the harder it is to stand out. So, you got to start today. If people are really curious now about what you do, how can people stay in your orbit? Yeah, email team jennyhoyos.com. Uh, you could always go to my website, jenny hoyos.com. jn n y h o yos.com. Amazing. Thank you so much for for coming on the show. This was this was awesome. Yeah, thank you for having me and I I hope to seeuh everyone in the program. That's it for this one. If anything landed for you, make sure to leave a comment down below. so other people can learn from it, too. And if you're curious about joining a community for and with solo creators, shoot me a DM on Insta or LinkedIn, and let's get you into our orbit. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [38 likes]: thanks for having me! love sharing the latest insights and tips 🙌
  2. @noobaomilhão [2 likes]: Yeah. I watched it once. I made 3 videos. The last one got 15k views. Insane... my first time on Youtube. It helped me a lot!!! Thanks
  3. @takeonthiss [1 likes]: She's sharing great ideas
  4. @TView-ew7hc [1 likes]: Thanks ❤
  5. @RosesRescueRestorations [1 likes]: Do hashtags matter 

Our channel is Hustle House Performance Automotive and we save antique cars and work on vehicles 
Should we use the same hashtags

You said keep the content the same 
We camp, and go on events will it still shove us to the same viewers or does that matter
  6. @AnotherMomentinCreation [1 likes]: So appreciate you sharing great ideas, Jenny!
  7. @AnaKirstein [1 likes]: i loved this video!! thank you!!
  8. @TheRoutineInstructor147Aus: Hello my name is Scott
 Im the Routine Instructor my main channel has 160,000 Subscribers
Have you worked with Snooker & 8 Ball Pool before? My channel is dying and wondering how to do better hooks? 
Any help much appreciated 
Thanks
  9. @DavePoland.UKVlogs: @JennyHoyos  I really think YouTube should have a proper platform for creators and viewers to communicate, like a built-in forum for each channel. It would make communities so much stronger… although it might break the servers 😄
I even created a Discord server, but no one’s using it yet 😅 great video @orbitforcreators
  10. @TheGaryartgood: Very helpful interview!
  11. @gumleaf_crochet: How about a Crochet Channel? Could I really go viral??
  12. @JK-es9wu: Great guest 😊
  13. @burtrussel1535: Goes viral by making videos about going viral. 🤪
  14. @YoungandReel: Just needed to come here and say that’s probably the best thumbnail I’ve EVER seen. Honestly made me laugh.
  15. @d.jAubreyMonty: What about musician?
  16. @Raaaybeauty: Thank you for this video ❤.I just started a youtube channel.i am struggling 😢
  17. @matthewljaustin11: What’s the best way to figure out who your avatar is
  18. @BloomAgainLIkeALOTUS: I wish I have money to hire Janny to make my videos going viral. It's so hard to grow YouTube channel especially English is my second language. ❤
  19. @queenhenny-d3k: is there any way that you can clarifying  what Jenny said about how to come up with a hook
  20. @queenhenny-d3k: thank you for your generosity with this information. i enjoy every question and the answers that came with it.

- this is how much money Jenny Hoyos makes from youtube: Kind: captions Language: en do you know who is this interesting girl yup she is Jenny oyos regularly post make money related videos Jenny oyos is one of my favorite content creators in this video we will look at Jenny oyo's YouTube channel and see how much money she is making so how does she get paid as a YouTuber YouTube channels make money from advertisements that you see very often when you watch YouTube videos the first step a content creator needs to take is to join the YouTube Partner program this enables their videos to start generating income from displaying advertisements how much do YouTubers get paid this depends on the number of views the more views a video receives the more money it makes the second factor is the CPM CPM is the cost an Advertiser needs to pay on YouTube for every 1000 times their ads are displayed lastly there is rpm RPM is basically the net profit YouTubers make per 1000 views it is ranging from one dollar to five dollars per one thousand views CPM is what the advertisers pay and RPM is what the YouTubers take home this metric varies from channel to channel for instance an entertainment channel will not make as much as a finance channel for every 1000 views viewer country also plays a big factor channels that receive views from countries such as the USA and Canada tend to make more money per 1000 views now let's go over Jenny oyo's Channel analytics as per this time of recording Total videos 55. total subscribers 000. Total video views 66 million one hundred and fifty three thousand two hundred and eighty seven estimated ad revenue for the channel lifetime earning is over 198 459 dollars assuming if the average CPM is around six dollars and RPM or net earning at three dollars per 1000 views the 198 459 is Jenny oyo's lifetime earnings since the channel was created now as for her monthly earning according to socialblade website it is around nine thousand two hundred dollars to one hundred and forty seven thousand six hundred dollars per month and Jenny oyo's most viewed video I took Andrew Tate's course so you don't have to it's probably making over ten thousand dollars this calculation is just the rough estimate of Jenny oyo's YouTube earnings alone there are other ways to monetize YouTube content this can include brand sponsorships fan funding merchandise sales and affiliate marketing which means Jenny oyos might have made more money than what we anticipated send this video to someone who would be interested to watch it and let me know in the comments which channel you want me to do next thanks for watching don't forget to like And subscribe for more videos like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @howtheymakemoney [2 likes]: shocking huh..
  2. @mysteriouslytrue: Most of Jenny's videos are shorts. Earnings for shorts is calculated differently from videos.

- The UGLY Truth About Dropshipping That No Guru Will Tell You: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to answer the most commonly asked questions about drop shipping including the questions that most people won't give you a straight answer on so here's the ugly truth about drop shipping now drop shipping has a reputation for being a get rich quick scheme because it sounds way too easy you don't need to store inventory you don't need to ship or fulfill orders you don't need much money to get started and you can run a dropship store from anywhere in the world now while all these statements are technically true a common misconception is that running a successful dropship store is easy but in reality success with drop shipping has many pros and cons and isn't as straightforward as you are led to believe so in this video i answer all the in-depth questions related to drop shipping to provide you with a complete view of what it takes to run a profitable dropship store now what is drop shipping drop shipping is an ecommerce business model where an online store does not carry inventory for the products it sells when an order is made the online store purchases the products from a wholesale supplier who then ships the order directly to the end customer so as a result the online store owner does not have to deal with physical inventory or perform any shipping and handling there are no upfront inventory cost because all products are purchased on demand now is drop shipping legal and legit it is 100 legal as long as you use legitimate dropship suppliers so for example if you sell disney merchandise on your online store and your supplier dropship's fake disney merchandise on your behalf you could be liable for fraud as long as you're careful about who you work with and only use officially licensed distributors for the brands you carry drop shipping is legit and safe now does it require a seller's permit and a business license well in the us you absolutely need a seller's permit in order to legally sell online now most states require you to charge sales tax to customers where you have economic nexus and drop shipping is no exception if your locality requires a business license then you must get a business license as well remember drop shipping is simply a method of order fulfillment your drop shipping business is a real business and must be registered as such now how profitable is drop shipping well because your supplier is doing most of the heavy lifting when it comes to fulfillment and inventory the margins for drop shipping are much less than other e-commerce business models so typical margins for drop shipping are between 10 and 30 percent compared to 50 to 66 percent for private label and traditional wholesale which makes drop shipping far less profitable now the best products of drop ship are higher ticket items that yield more revenue per sale now is drop shipping worth it well despite the low margins drop shipping can be a great way to get started selling online for less than three bucks you can start a fully featured ecommerce business that carries hundreds of products and drop shipping is worth it for product research as well without any upfront risk you can list many products online just to see what sells and then based on your own sales data you can private label or carry inventory for your best selling products and keep more of the profit now the best part is that drop shipping can be automated except for the customer service now most established drop shipping suppliers support edi which stands for electronic data interchange edi is an electronic system that allows your website and your suppliers website inventory to automatically stay in sync so for example if your supplier runs out of stock on a particular product your website's inventory will automatically be adjusted in addition all orders placed on your website are automatically transmitted to your drop shipper for fulfillment however even though order fulfillment is automated you are still responsible for answering questions and performing customer service now here's how drop shipping from your own website works now if you use a well-supported e-commerce platform like shopify bigcommerce or woocommerce setting up drive shipping is a straightforward process here's exactly how you drop ship from your own website and how it works a customer places an order on your site and you accept payment the customer's order is electronically transmitted to your drop chip supplier where you are charged the agreed upon wholesale price for your goods your drop ship supply then ships the order to the end customer and you pocket the difference in cost as profit now you don't have to drop ship on your website you can also drop ship on amazon and here's how amazon drop shipping works you list your products or sell on amazon as a merchant fulfilled seller and then when an order is placed on amazon you electronically send the order to your drop ship supplier who then ships the products to the end customer now overall amazon drop shipping is a much riskier business model than drop shipping from your own site because you have to follow amazon's terms of service to the letter first off you must source your products from a legit wholesaler you are not allowed to drop ship your products from another marketplace like aliexpress ebay or walmart otherwise you're going to get banned as a result aliexpress drop shipping on amazon is expressly prohibited amazon also imposes very strict requirements for shipping and fulfillment that must be met if you have a series of late shipments or inventory mishaps your account's going to get banned but outside of following amazon's terms of service drop shipping on amazon works much the same as drop shipping on your own website you can also drop ship on ebay you simply list your products for sale as an auction or store listing and then when an order is placed you electronically notify your supplier who fills the order and similar to amazon you must source your products from legit dropship suppliers and not marketplaces like amazon or walmart otherwise you're going to get banned so as a result get rich quick schemes like buying products from amazon and drop shipping them on ebay at higher prices is prohibited now you're probably wondering how drop ship payments work well when you sign up with a drop shipping supplier you'll be asked for a form of payment and typically you can pay by credit card your supplier keeps your credit card on file and simply charges your card when an order is placed you can also use ach or direct transfer this is where your supplier keeps your bank information and automatically places a transaction at the end of the day week or month for all products purchased the best way to pay a drop ship supplier is through payment terms some suppliers will offer you payment terms which means that you don't have to pay for your products until 30 or 60 days later now whenever an order is placed on your website two payment transactions occur in the background the first transaction takes place when you accept payment from your customer and deposit the money into your own bank account the second transaction takes place when you pay your supplier for the raw cost of goods and any related drop ship fees now where do you find drop shipping suppliers there are four main ways to find suppliers depending on your budget and the types of products that you want to sell and by paying a fee you can perform a search and instantly have access to hundreds of pre-vetted suppliers you can also use a drop shipping company a drop ship company acts as a middleman who automatically connects you to a dropship supplier you simply list the products that the dropship company offers and they handle the entire fulfillment process as a result you do not have to find or interact with any suppliers you can also go to a drop shipping trade show by attending local wholesale and drop shipping trade shows you can form drop shipping arrangements face to face you can also use a print-on-demand company print-on-demand companies allow you to print your own designs on select merchandise to sell online without any upfront cost now how do you find wholesalers who dropship well the easiest way to find dropship wholesalers is by using google a directory like worldwide brands or by attending wholesale trade shows now many wholesalers are reluctant to drop ship for your store unless they know you can move product so if there's a brand who refuses a drop ship for you at first you should purchase and sell their products wholesale to start and then once you've demonstrated a track record of sales you can request a drop shipping arrangement now where do you find products to sell for drop shipping well more than half the battle of starting a successful online store involves finding the right products to sell online and the best way to find profitable products to sell online is to leverage sales data from amazon because amazon owns over 50 of e-commerce you can get an accurate view of the supply and demand for practically any product sold online to perform product research on amazon i recommend a tool called jungle scout jungle scout is a software tool that tells you how much revenue a product listing is generating on amazon for the last 30 days all sales information is collated for you in a nice table for you review here's a video i put together that gives you a quick demo now when should you use drop shipping now because the margins for drop shipping are low drop shipping is generally not a good long-term business model furthermore because you're selling other people's brands you'll be directly competing with other sellers offering the exact same product as a result drop shipping is best used to collect data for potential products to private label or to buy wholesale because drop shipping allows you to instantly sell hundreds of products online without any upfront costs you can easily test a bunch of products find out what sells and then private label your winners in other words you should use drop shipping as a stepping stone to create your own branded products for sale drop shipping is also an excellent business model for dipping your toes in the e-commerce waters without a large budget now what are the best drop shipping companies most drop ship companies are middlemen who help online store owners quickly list products from e-commerce marketplaces like aliexpress taobao and 1688. now the main advantage of using a dropship company is that you instantly have access to millions of products without having to build relationships or negotiate for pricing simply install a plugin to inforce your store to your favorite drop shipping company and you can instantly sell hundreds of products at the push of a button here's a list of my favorite drop shipping companies now a question i commonly get asked is who pays for shipping when drop shipping well every drop ship supplier charges their own shipping rates so for example printful charges 3.99 for the first t-shirt and a buck 25 for every additional t-shirt shipped using usps first class delivery now when a customer places an order on your own website you can either eat the shipping cost yourself or pass the shipping costs along to your customer now using the t-shirt example you can either choose to charge a customer 3.99 for shipping or offer free shipping and cover the cost yourself now for our online store we charge a flat rate of five bucks for all orders and offer free shipping for anything over 75 bucks now do drop shippers ship internationally well some drop shipping suppliers will ship packages internationally at an additional cost however international shipping is extremely expensive and getting accurate shipping quotes that account for customs duty that and other fees is actually quite complex so as a result it can take longer for a drop shipper to process an international order now how do returns work with drop shipping even though drop shippers take care of product fulfillment you are actually responsible for processing returns and providing customer service for defective merchandise here's how a typical return is handled for dropship merchandise the customer contacts you for a refund you ask your supplier for a return authorization number the customer sends a product in its original packaging back to your supplier with the rma number clearly marked then your supplier refunds the wholesale cost back to your account once the package is received and then finally you refund your customer after you've been refunded by your supplier now some drop ship suppliers will charge you a restocking fee which you must pay or pass on to your customer you're probably also wondering can you use multiple dropship suppliers well you can use as many drop ship suppliers as you want as long as your orders are routed correctly and as long as you set the proper expectations with your customers so for example let's say you sell three different products that are sourced from three different dropship suppliers now if a customer buys all three products in a single order here's how the order is fulfilled your shopping cart will route product one to drop shipper one product two to drop shipper two and product three to drop shipper three in other words your customer is going to receive three separate packages in the mail and because three packages are shipped you must pay the cost of shipping for three packages in the mail in addition you should notify the customer to expect three packages instead of one now most ecommerce platforms will handle order routing among different drop shippers automatically now why is drop shipping good well it's a good business model because it's a risk-free way to sell products online you don't have to handle inventory shipping or fulfillment as a result you can run your business from anywhere in the world there's little or no upfront investment and you can literally start a drop shipping store for free with shift for shop your store is also infinitely scalable it's approximately the same amount of work to make a hundred bucks a month as it is to make a hundred thousand dollars a month and most importantly drop shipping can be used to research products to sell that you can eventually private label to maximize your profits now here's why drop shipping is bad drop shipping is a bad business model because the margins are low at 10 to 30 percent as a result you have to generate a large amount of traffic and revenue to make a significant profit furthermore customer service product quality and delivery is entirely at the mercy of your drop ship supplier if your supplier is flaky or ships orders out late it will reflect poorly on your company if you drop ship on amazon or ebay late shipments can result in a suspension and most importantly there's little or no brand recognition with a dropship store because you are selling other people's products you will face pricing pressure from other competing retailers offering the exact same goods now what big stores use drop shipping well almost every large retailer leverages drop shipping to a certain extent so for example big box stores like home depot often drop ship large products from their catalog wayfarer is a multi-million dollar e-commerce company that is entirely dropshipped so bottom line you can make money with drop shipping when it's done at scale now is drop shipping profitable now with warehouse space and inventory at a premium drop shipping will still be a profitable business model however it will be much more difficult to make a significant profit due to poor margins ultimately the best ecommerce business model is to start your own private label brand by being control of the product design and the entire supply chain you can future proof your business and command the highest profits hope you enjoyed this video now if you like what you saw there's actually a lot more where that came from if you subscribe to my channel below and if you are interested in learning how to sell physical products online then click over here and take my free six day mini course where i'll walk you through everything that you need to know to get started in e-commerce thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @mywifequitherjob [106 likes]: If you enjoyed this video, make you take my free 6 day mini course - https://mywifequitherjob.com/free.php?v=dropshippingtruth
  2. @chinesebaloni [4 likes]: well 3 years later and you can now automate customer service lol
  3. @Crescitaly_com: The secret to long-term growth? Consistency + strategy. Crescitaly helps you master both. 📈
  4. @JaydenClarkHTE: If you dropship domestically from proper brands, it can be a sustainable long term business model
  5. @204223: Anyone in the Uk drop shipping ?
  6. @Mizzymemes: Ugly truth it’s hard as fuck
  7. @vanityvanity-s9z: The thing they seem to leave out about drop shipping is that they make you pay $100 or $200 and this is continuously payment 4 shipping orders then I hit you with all these other payments and keep asking you to pay for things to sum it all up
  8. @iistipen: Being on a low margin around 15% - 30% is not that bad I think as long as you don't use your money to do this he said it's free.
  9. @sleepdivision388: I try dropshipping and my transactions always decline no matter what. It’s like god doesn’t want me to become successful in life
  10. @marikita.5043: Do i need capital for this???
  11. @ellarada1430: Lakulah dropshipping & ecommerce
  12. @stephenrexsalem-t9k: informative
  13. @richchick540: Wow! I didn’t know about the refund process!!
  14. @Pretender156: Wait, so I need a license?
  15. @idrisGeneralTV: Who's here in 2026 🎉
  16. @sthemkhize8539: |
  17. @robinconnelly6079: Doesn't sound that ugly
  18. @nelbamartinez2310: Uff too ugly.  3:00 am. I’m here learning about dropshipping tu o start running my business 😅
  19. @limyunkeet3951: Thank you , Sir 🌴🌿☘️🪴
  20. @styleNovastore: I started dropshipping earlier this year after I lost my job. It was tough at first, but now it’s paying off I earn nothing less than $15,000 weekly, and even more during festive seasons.

The best part? You don’t need any special skills or deep knowledge to get started. With a little guidance, your success is almost guaranteed. It’s a business where you can literally earn while you sleep.

- Meanest Vs Nicest Female TikTokers of All Time: Kind: captions Language: en From creators who weaponize vulnerability for clicks to creators who use the exact same attention to lift people up, the internet is full of extremes. Today we look at the meanest versus nicest female Tik Tockers of all [music] time. Starting with McKinley Richardson, who on the outside she posts relationship skits and wholesome couple content, [music] but behind the scenes, she was being called out for funneling a young audience, including minors, toward adult [music] platforms linked in her bio. >> Push-ups you do is your budget. You want to do it? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Right in the middle of the mall. All right. There you go. I hope you enjoy your outfit. Thank you. Follow McKenzie. Follow. This could be you. >> McKinley Richardson's content [music] feels really off. On the surface, everything looks super sweet and kid-friendly, clearly aimed at younger audiences like [music] kids and teens. But when you look at it from another angle, it starts to feel unsettling, [music] especially when you notice she has an only fans link in her bio. Familyfriendly on the surface, but intentionally leading kids into spaces they shouldn't be in. That's not a mistake. That's a strategy, and it's one of the most manipulative things a creator can do. On the contrast, Brooke Monk blew up with relatable skits and simple humor that felt genuinely [music] friendly. But what really set her apart when defakes of hers started circulating online, she responded [music] calmly, respectfully, and didn't let it drive her off the platform. She stayed [music] authentic, focused, and kept showing up for her audience. That quiet resilience is what makes her one of the genuinely [music] kind creators on TikTok. It's really hurtful to see another young woman be so dehumanizing because it took two seconds to know that those are fake instead of spreading that everywhere. I already had to take a couple days off of um social media this week because of the way that people uh sometimes message me and it's just really disgusting. Please don't do that to people. It's really really hurtful and really dehumanizing when they've never done anything like >> Next on the mean list, Clara Dao. She [music] built her brand on flat chest positivity, telling women to embrace their bodies as they [music] are. >> And if you think about it, having plastic surgeries is like a quick fix to solve a deeper problems, which is unhealthy self-esteem and self-worth. Instead, doing the inner work is hard, facing your fear and insecurity. >> But then she secretly got implants without telling her audience, the same audience she had been preaching [music] body acceptance to. People weren't angry because she had surgery. They were angry because she contradicted her entire message and pretended [music] nothing changed. Trust is fragile and this broke it. On the nicer side, we have Jenny Hoyos. This girl could [music] have kept all her Tik Tok secrets to herself, but instead she shared everything. Her editing tricks, her retention strategies, the psychology behind viral hooks, all for free. No pay walls, no manipulation, [music] just genuine value and a desire to help other creators win. That's [music] the kind of generosity that earns real respect. >> Be so good that you can be watching the video on mute and still understand what the video is about. >> Meanwhile, Bella the Wolf leaned into shock content, videos mocking [music] religion, offensive titles, and the public persona built on stirring controversy. And when she apologized, people called it scripted and insincere because the behavior wasn't a one-time mistake. It was a pattern. And audiences can always tell when someone is only sorry because they got caught. >> Transperson behavior which has caused significant harm and distress. [music] I deeply regret mocking Islam and Christianity as well as my involvement in actions that disrespect abuse faith. >> Let's bounce back to someone who handled fame surprisingly gracefully. Addison Ray. She went from Tik Tok dances to movies and mainstream entertainment and through it all stayed warm, approachable, and humble. Even when controversies popped up, she addressed them quickly and [music] respectfully. It's not about being perfect. It's about staying human. And Addison does that well. At [music] this point, you might have noticed the pattern. Mean creators blow up fast. Controversy spreads like wildfire. [music] But it burns out fast, too. Their careers collapse the moment the audience gets tired [music] of the drama. Nice creators grow slower, but they build trust. And trust is the real currency on social media. One of the most shocking stories is [music] Emerald Rose, known as ticks and roses. She gained a millions by posting Tourette's style videos, but people who actually live with Tourette's noticed inconsistencies, live streams where she had zero ticks, [music] clips that seemed rehearsed, alleged doctor interactions that didn't add up. Her audience realized something wasn't [music] right and the backlash was massive. Faking a medical condition for clout [music] is one of the crulest forms of manipulation online. >> Five little monkeys jumping on the bed. [music] One fell down. He's dead now. Bye-bye. >> Witches and have been for many, many years. Uh I [music] myself was raised pagan from birth. Yes, you can buy yarn anywhere, but you don't know the intention that was put in it into it or the energy. being able to dye yarn with intention, especially um like our great god series we did. All of those were acts of [music] devotion. >> Now, let's breathe a little. Sophie Monosan is one of the examples of a young creator handled right. Her parents were involved, kept her grounded, [music] and supported her talent. When drama popped up around her peers, she quietly stepped back instead of joining the chaos. Smart, mature. Her success shows what happens when a creator has both talent and guidance. Next, Lily Tino. And this one crosses serious boundaries. She posted restroom selfies taken in women's bathrooms with minors present and with their faces unblurred. Not only is that unethical, it's illegal. She faced public outrage and a privacy investigation. Some lines you simply cannot cross. [music] Those Disney bathroom selfies got y'all real upset, huh? Saying, "Oh, Lily, you can't take selfies in the bathroom. It's [music] not appropriate." So, what is different about me that I'm not allowed to take bathroom selfies? The easy answer here is, "Oh, Lily, you're a trans [music] woman, so you get held to a different standard." On a much lighter note, The Mermaid Scales is a breath of fresh air. Her visual comedy and cosplay don't even rely on language. Anyone from any country can enjoy her content. It's pure creativity. No harm, no controversy, just talent [music] and imagination. [singing] >> [music] >> Zo or Zolola Vern is another creator whose career ended because of crossing [music] boundaries with a minor. The internet responded the same way it always does with cases like this. Severe backlash, lost sponsors, destroyed trust. Some actions can't be undone, and this was one of them. Let's talk about Charlie Dio. She exploded into fame faster than almost anyone on the app. And even though she's had her fair share of controversy, she usually handles mistakes with calm apologies and real growth. Her content is positive, harmless, and fun, which is why people still love her today. Another creator who got attention for the wrong reasons is Nevada. She turned unhealthy habits, extreme weight loss, and self-destructive behaviors into entertainment. The problem, her audience is young and impressionable. Glamorizing harmful habits might get clicks, [music] but it can also seriously hurt the people watching. And finally, Alex Cananei, [music] a model who could have leaned into elitism, but instead she chose humor, humility, and fun. [music] Her content is goofy, self-aware, and uplifting, and audiences love her for it. So, after all this, what's the lesson? Mean creators go viral fast, but they fall fast, too. Niceness might not get you instant numbers, but it builds loyalty, safety, and long-term respect. If you're a creator, remember this. Don't exploit your audience. Don't fake trauma. Don't hurt people for clicks. Build with authenticity. Build with kindness. It lasts longer. Which creator on this list surprised you the most? Drop a comment. I'm reading all of them. And if you want more deep dives into creator culture, hit that subscribe button.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NetizenSage [1 likes]: Which creator on this list do you think caused the most harm? and which one handled fame the best?
  2. @Rielynn-c2p: Honestly Clara Duo isn't a bad person it's her body and she can do what she want with it I understand that might be a little bit angering because she said stuff about having flat chest and that inspired people but sometimes it changes and sometimes it gets really hard

- Watch the Feud audience reaction to THIS answer!: Kind: captions Language: en MIKE: THAT'S ALL RIGHT. THAT'S ALL RIGHT. STEVE: MIKE, WE GOT TWO STRIKES. YOU'VE GOT TO BE CAREFUL. ZHANG FAMILY CAN STEAL. YOU HIT THE LOTTERY ON MONDAY. WHERE WE GONNA FIND YOU ON TUESDAY, MAN? MIKE: STEVE, I THINK SOME OF THE FELLAS ARE GONNA GO THE STRIP CLUB. [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] FRED: THAT'S MY SON DOWN THERE. STEVE: THAT WHOLE ROW OF DUDES, "YEAH!" [MEN CHEERING] STRIP CLUB. [BUZZER]

  Top Comments:
  1. @projectinfernisrecords [52 likes]: They all look like Chads, Brads, and Bretts in the crowd
  2. @christopherpham8605 [24 likes]: Steve: That whole row of dudes, "Yeah!"
[MEN CHEERING]
LOL
  3. @jddrew1000 [14 likes]: This Family Feud clip was brought to you by "MEN" 😂😂😂
  4. @kathrynsue1986 [10 likes]: some might say hospital cause there were so supersed they won they had a heart attack
  5. @danielmitchell1795 [5 likes]: That was HILARIOUS!!
  6. @wingman-1977 [2 likes]: Good answer. It’s not up there, but good answer.
  7. @puirYorick [2 likes]: Strip club ain't for lotto jackpot money. Maybe church bingo money if that's ur thing. Lotto money means you could start auditioning bikini models if U want.
  8. @arturdent5168 [1 likes]: Tesla dealer is up there but not strip club? Wtf?
  9. @redxephos3919 [1 likes]: The correct answer is "You won't! "
  10. @lawrenceching7140: Sorry fellas, it’s not up there, dude😅😂🤣😭❤️‍🔥
  11. @lizzymarlow5208: ugh
  12. @alikc25: LOL
  13. @elsonrix1: That’s was my answer
  14. @juniorreaves9050: Haha........
  15. @fredlinefradeus2877: First

- 1M Views per Short is Easy (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en that's my first video that hit a million views and I'm like oh my gosh this works a good hook not only stops someone's scroll but also gets them to the end of the video it's interesting to see how your brain is turning trying to come up with hooks for this I feel like we're onto something I feel like we're cooking you know Gordon Ramsey we're cooking so your advice would be to throw a spaghetti at the wall try different niches and see which one does well not throwing spaghetti at the wall but like throwing fetuccini Alfredo at the wall what was that one dollar hack in McDonald's well you have to watch the short oh yeah you got to watch the short you got to watch the short it's trying to ruin my retention you find your bucket by copying what other people have done successfully well drawing in is borrowing yeah which is more important subscribers or views if I would have done that from day one I would have found so not only hooking someone with something crazy but giving them an idea aide of what's to come in the rest of the video that's what a foreshadow is I actually wanted to do a live example with you but you know we'll save it for later how's that for foreshadow oh oh okay yeah that's a foreshadow exactly that's good she gives away all our secrets here then no one's going to was her shorts that's such a good idea like going to like a bunch of different houses and like oh my gosh yeah know that's a really good idea someone make it a company like Zillow comes to you and they want to start a contract to create a new shorts Channel and the goal of the channel is to get to a million subscribers we'll pay you $1 million when you hit that threshold what would be your first step so there's two ways that I'm thinking about this first step I would do is in today's episode we're talking to Jenny Hoyos the queen of YouTube shorts with close to 2 million subscribers we'll delve into her thoughts on how to make YouTube shorts go viral and what she would do today if she had to start over in a totally different niche dick tell the in to uncover her top tips on how to increase retention on your short form content and why niching down might be holding you back I wanted to ask you since you are the queen of shorts um how has your strategy for creating YouTube shorts change since you first started yeah my strategy is constantly changing so when I first started my channel my like strategy was just just to upload as much as possible and like try a bunch of different ises a bunch of different sub niches a bunch of different topics and categories and styles to see like what actually works and then once I found what works then I changed up my strategy to like okay now let's like figure out how to like Master this game while knowing what strategy um what category of content is what actually works for my channel can we can weing yeah can we dig deeper there and can you talk about what are the different niches that you tested your uh feed in yeah so when I first started my channel I was like a very Finance heavy talking head Channel where like I talked about like for example like I was talking about like Bitcoin mining in my first video and then I was talking about stocks and then like Forex Trading and then I'm like okay now I'm doing that let me try and expand see like okay let's try Drop Shipping then I tried Drop Shipping and I saw some success from that content I tried doubling down on that um and then like I slowly just kept expanding to like okay let's try like um other let's try Drop Shipping is like a side hustle let's try side hustle content that's doing well what about if I did this and that and it's like it slowly just expanded to what it is now I see and and you said you you did see some of the success with Drop Shipping um so is there a reason why you didn't pursue that that particular Niche it it I noticed that I was like getting capped at a certain view count and like that happened every time even after I expanded so I just like slow slly kept expanding that rubber band until I was like okay I think I'm happy with 100 million views for sure or something I'm like okay I think that's like the you know the new Baseline it's like it's just always striving for more I feel like yeah that is kind of interesting because when you when you like listen to YouTube gurus you always hear um you know you you should Define a niche for yourself you know and stick within that Niche and and create content around that Niche for several years um but uh but your I'm guessing is like counterintuitive because you're saying actually try to go broad because if you if you stick to a niche then you're kind of like um putting yourself in a box and you can't really um hit those view count goals that you set for yourself is that correct I think it all depends on your goals like if someone's just like really passionate about Drop Shipping all they care about is Drop Shipping then like you know that could be just their YouTube channel but if someone's like goal is to be you know the next Mr Beast or an influencer then I do think they do need to expand for sure your content starting at a niche is good too so basically whatever whatever you find is working you should go for yeah I definitely your content now is a lot of um like how how can I get a giant burrito for a dollar or you know how can I throw a party for $20 how did that evolve out of the the talking head videos what was your first success in that area yeah so I my first like million views short was uh me just like testing out a hack like getting a $1 coffee at McDonald's it was completely random it it was nothing like what I've ever made on my channel but I was like like I feel like it could hit the same audience because if someone's trying to make money chances are they're also trying to save money so then they can like maintain that money so I was like okay let's just try this out that was my first video that hit a million views and I'm like oh my gosh this works let me keep doubling down on this and ironically like it's genuinely just the content that's true to me because like um like even like thinking about my mission statement it was like you know it's it's funny because that's just always been the mission statement of my life and I never knew it until like I started making content you know so I just feel like it works what was what was that $1 hack in McDonald's but you have to watch the short it's just you just get the app oh yeah you got to watch the short you got to watch the oh you have to get the app is that the ruin my retention yeah the app well if she gives up all our secrets here then no one's going to watch our shorts but she has so many shorts there's only so many secrets we can go through here so so I'm I'm going back to um like the perspective of someone young you know who's trying to follow your footsteps and they want to be a shorts Creator so your advice would be to try to throw a spaghetti at the wall try different niches and see which one does well and then go from there is that the first step I would say first step would be like to truly like find what you're passionate about and what you want to create content about and the way I want to think about it is like if you were not making YouTube videos what would you do and what would you be and I think you should make content around that and I think that if if I would have done that from day one I would have found my Niche but if you don't know what you want to create yeah go ahead and experiment I think just just not throwing spaghetti at the wall but like throwing fetuccini Alfredo you know something that's good at the wall you know it's throwing caviar at the wall exactly throw caviar at analogy that is an excellent analogy thanks thanks Jenny for that I'm G to put that in the intro now yeah that's actually really funny that's good we need more of those yeah I'm already thinking you I I know we you know we uh follow a lot of your content before and and studied lot of your interviews uh um before as well and some of the things that you talk about is like spend a lot of time and energy on on focusing on the hook and foreshadow because without a hook and a foreshadow no one's going to watch the rest of the short right so can you talk a little bit more about that as well yeah totally so the hook and for Shadow is incredibly important so for one if you don't hook a viewer within the first literal frame then they're not going to watch the rest of the video and the rest of the video was there was no purpose of making the rest of it because they didn't even watch the rest of it right but then now yes you can hook someone you can theoretically lie to someone and hook them which is where the the foreshadow comes in because you you don't want to just lie either because then they would be dissatisfied they'll stay in the hook and they won't watch till the end so a good hook not only not only stops someone scroll a good hook not only stops someone scroll but also gets them to the end of the video and that's where the foreshadow comes in so the hook stops someone from scrolling and the foreshadow gets them all the way to the end yeah actually to be honest I when you know before I saw your content I didn't even know what foreshadow meant so could you do you mind explaining to the audience what it means and break it down yeah so foreshadowing essentially means giving a viewer an expect ation of what's at the end of the video or an expectation of like what to expect when you're watching this video so not only hooking someone with something crazy but giving them an giving them an idea of what's to come in the rest of the video so that they know oh shoot like I don't need to just watch the first five seconds I need to watch the entire thing that's what a foreshadow is ah I actually wanted to do a live example with you but you know we'll save it for later how's that for foreshadow oh oh okay yeah that's a foreshadow exactly that's good and and on that note with the foreshadow if we go if we put a pen on the U hook and foreshadow conversation for a second I did have one other question in line of right what could a new short Creator what should a new short Creator do um because one thing that was interesting that's been interesting to me is we've heard a lot of advice um of just like get your content out there even almost on a daily basis but there's this question of course of getting to the caviar I guess as well so you need to put some time into your content as well so what is the balance when you're just starting out yeah that's a good question yeah yeah just starting off if you do not have quality I would do quantity until you can make quality so I I think the the best thing to do is just like figure out how to make videos figure out your style learn how to edit use like figure how to use the software just kind of get in the groove of things and I wouldn't spend like too much time on the I wouldn't even like think too deeply about it I would just like get your reps in your practice and and once you have like a good sense for it you feel like you know you have a Groove you understand how to do everything now then I would focus on quality and actually figuring out like okay I know how to use these softwares and stuff now how do I make this go viral and that that's definitely what I would do so going it's probably the difference of like daily uploading to uploading like three times a week yeah makes sense that makes sense Jenny I wanted to do a thought experiment with you say Zillow a company like Zillow comes to you and they say we want to want to start a contract with you where we want you to create a new shorts Channel and the goal of the channel is to get to a million subscribers you know by producing shorts and you will we pay you $1 million when you hit that threshold so it could be in a month or it could be in a year as fast as you get to the million subscribers you have your check so so that's that's our contract so now it's you know you you you do like um real life stuff um so this real estate Niche is like totally you know it's different so how would you approach it what would be your first step on creating this brand new channel so there's two ways that I'm thinking about this um first step I would do is get a lawyer to make sure everything is looking good with the contract that you get paid yeah um but other than that so there's this would this in your scenario would it be me being the face of the Channel Growing it or could I Outsource and hire like influencers to create the videos well totally up to you okay I would totally hire influencers like this is like uh you know like to get there so much faster you know more people more videos um but like but what if what if it was just you how would you do okay if it was just me it would if it was just me basically the reason why I say that is because if there's more people you can make more videos and you can experiment a lot more and it could just like help you get there so much faster um but if it's just me it would take a little bit longer I'm assuming it's just me but um yeah honestly like similar to what I said I would be throwing fedini Alfredo at the wall I'd be looking at what's already popular in the real estate uh Niche I'd be looking at what's already popular in the real estate Niche looking at like any sort of like housing videos or anything related to that um but also looking at uh Tik toks not sleeping on like not only seeing what's viral on YouTube but also what's viral on Tik Tok and then like meeting in between and I'd be just like making all those viral videos um and once I have like one one of those videos that work I'll just like turn it into a format that like we just do over and over and over and like over again until um till we get to a million to be honest but also like trying to like have multiple formats and buckets and the reason for that just to like give like a little more context on on why is like especially if you have a format or a bucket it makes it really easy for YouTube to recommend the content again to the viewer because they see oh this has a similar script similar metadata data similar title chances are if they like that video they're going to like this video and then continue down the rabbit hole and you know then they're going to end up subscribing uh eventually but I do want to add on top of that something else that I would look into if if the goal is subscribers something that I've recently been doing is putting into like an Excel sheet like what type of videos get the best conversion of subscribers but also being weary of like performance of the video so for example like when I make wholesome content like with my family my subscriber conversions are like 3% versus when I make mischievous content I get .1% conversion in subscribers but but not just looking at the conversion numbers but also looking at like the total amount of subscribers because it's like mischievous gets less conversions right but because it gets significantly more views it outweighs the versions cuz then at the end of the day I'm still going to get more subscribers and just like kind of like calculating everything and figuring everything out so that we can just like know what content gets the most subscribers but also the best conversions and like the best uh in between and just like nail down on that for sure wait I'm understand comple answer yeah no it is a complex answer and let's dissect it a bit so so you're saying when you do the mischievous content your conversion uh percentage to subscriber is 0.1% but when you do wholesome content you it's 0.3% but since you get so much so much more views on the mischievous content you would rather do that if your goal is to get more subscribers is that what you're saying correct because at the end of the day I'm still going to get more subscribers because even though it's a third of the percentage of people converting I get 10x more views which at the end of the day out like outweighs number ah I see yeah it's like it's a really interesting concept um because like there's like we also have like a graph um where it's like I'm trying to like describe it but basically there there's um we also found in my content that the sometimes the broader the topic the less subscribers so like the more potential views the less potential subscribers so you also like want to get a lot of views but also find the in between of getting a lot of views and a lot of subscri scribers because like for example like content that has no talking um and can just like be visually story told can get so many views like a billion plus views because anyone can watch it right but because if the person is not talking now you're going to get less subscribers because people are connecting less with you so it's like understand understanding and weighing out like different things is basically like the way I would think about it yeah that's a good point yeah and well in this thought experiment you care about subscribers but in general which is more important subscribers or views are you going after both I'm going after both primarily views because views at the end of to day like reach is probably the most important thing like because a lot of people like they're not logged in they don't even know if subscribing is even a thing so technically it doesn't really do much um especially like if you're getting like returning viewers YouTube will still push your videos out to those same people even if they are not subscribed so subscribing is almost it's almost like a vanity metric uh that's like going to become soon outdated by like lots of Brands so that they don't like just rely on you know like for example like a brand shouldn't be paying someone who has 10 million subscribers more who gets like a th000 views a short because it could be Bots who knows where they got those subscribers from you know at the end of the day what matters is the actual reach for sure right you you mentioned the concept of bucketing do you mind explaining that further yeah so buckets is essentially having series or formats and the way I like to think of it is like very specific formats that are like very easily replicatable same structure same concept not that much is changing except like one little thing so for example I have a bucket which is called Mr Beast on a budget so it's a bucket because it's Mr Beast on a budget episode one Mr Beast on a budget episode two Mr Beast on a budget episode three so very easily like if someone watches Mr Beast on a budget episode one because the titles are all very similar it makes it easy for YouTube to be like hey this title is almost the same as this one chances are if they like that video they're going to want to watch episode two and then they're going to recommend episode three and it just like keeps your watch time up it keeps um it actually grows your returning viewers which is like one of the most important metrics as well right and you find your buckets you were saying initially by copying what other people have done successfully is that correct well drawing in Space drawing borrowing yeah um yeah that that's that's definitely uh that's that's definitely a way you can either um yeah you could definitely do that but yeah so there's there's there's lots of ways that that I do it um yeah like like Abby said I will um I will draw inspiration from other creators but I also like buckets can come from anywhere buckets can come like it's just like General brainstorming usually like it's just like a random idea and like thinking like okay this went really viral how else could we do an episode two so like for example like one of my recent videos it's supposed to be a singular video it was what's the cheapest thing in Walmart it got 10 million views in one week across platforms so it's like okay that when I made it it was supposed to be it wasn't supposed to be a series or a bucket but it just will happen to do well maybe I can make it a bucket what's the cheapest thing in Gucci what's the cheapest thing at the mall what's the cheapest thing anywhere is the way I like to interesting yeah so I'm I'm thinking like how do you replicate this concept across genres right across different niches so going back to the real estate example right since it's so dry how would you like I wanted to like can we look at some like recent news articles like if you're thinking of doing like a talking head video as as throwing um something on the wall right your you're that could be one thing that you throw at the throw at the wall where you try to do a recent news real estate based talking head video I mean that's a good good thing one of the good things you could do right as something to experiment yeah I think the way I I'd like to think about it is like looking at like what's trending and then figuring out like what about that is like psychologically intriguing to humans and then like figuring out the psychological reasoning why people like that and then implementing that into that genre if that makes sense wait can you explain further yeah it's going to be I need to think of like a specific example um Can Can we yeah yeah we can pull up that's I think that would be interesting should we just search for Real Estate yeah it's like why you're searching like the way my brain is thinking about it is like for example really say people find celebrities intriguing so it's like okay maybe we can throw in a celebrity name with the real estate you know to grab both audiences um so so yeah so to see a specific example yeah so home builder sentiment improves for second straight month I mean that's kind of boring it's talking about dropping in more mortgage rates are are you GNA even touch that topic or just scrap it I mean no yeah we're it's it doesn't seem like an outlier seem like breaking news all right well almost nowadays everything's breaking news but you know well this one's says Tik Tok star in Orlando realtor highlights increased income requirements I mean Millennials are requirements are coming together to redefine the American dream the old American Dream died that seems the old American Dream died what does that mean okay R details salary needed to buy a home okay I think I really liked that good all right let's get into it the old American Dream die right so it's kind of like I I want to break this down like you mentioned this is something that you you find interesting so is is that the first step where you're when you're look browsing through different news articles you you're you're looking at what you find interesting that could potentially oh totally you know right okay yeah because it's like just human psychology like sometimes like I will watch actively watch content but also study my behavior while I'm watching content cuz it's like it's like natural human be uh behavior and psychology um yeah know this is great so it's like okay so instantly with this topic the first thing in my mind comes to is like like natural human psychology a lot of people are visual Learners right so um and another like a bunch of popular like I've seen other popular videos like in the finance Niche where people will like have like stacks of fake money and be like you and need used to need this much to buy a home but now you need this much and like like okay so how could we like like showing visuals is like um a very like psychologically like works so much better than just like showing numbers on a screen so like that's the first thing why I uh thinks of it's like how could we like visualize this there's so many ways there also like Monopoly Monopoly is something popular right and it's like how could we like integrate Monopoly with this news headline topic like at least like for explaining as a b plot yeah it's interesting to see how your brain is turnning trying to come up with hooks for this oh yeah this is crazy so the old American Dream died yeah so let's let's come up with a hook for this right um yeah okay afford a middle class life okay so I'm trying to think so the first thing my brain thinks of like because you you don't want to say a statement as a hook but for the most part you want to start with like some sort of statement and then like add curiosity elements to it so the first statement that comes to mind is the the like the new middle class is the old high class or something like that trying to think like okay the new middle class is I think I just saw in the article $120,000 or and like while showing visuals and then like breaking it down or blank dollars yeah yeah there it is 120 yeah middle class is now $120,000 a year or $10,000 a month or I don't know how much a week and blank dollars a day like breaking it down like that while showing the money um I feel like could be interesting um I feel like that's that's like really sticking to me but then then it's like so what now we need like the conflict but something um but 90% of people are not making this or something I don't know the ex exact statistic but that's what I'm imagining but 90% are not making this so how are they going to be able to afford a home well it's not with the Mr Beast challenge because that's not reality um instead you're gonna have to do this and then I think the the video would build up from there with the foreshadow being like um how is someone going to afford this or what's going to happen to people are people going to go homeless like also another thing is like also address ing like what the viewer is thinking and then doing like the another thing I'm trying to think of is like how could I address the viewer and be like you're now you're probably thinking this but that's actually not true so it's like um for example like um let's see like now you're probably thinking oh is this a household income well no this is each person in the house assuming there's four people people well that would be crazy that that' actually be really crazy but like something like that like trying to address what they're thinking and then like making it even worse so they have to continue watching I would need to know more details about the article but like I feel like I have like um feel like we're onto something I feel like we're cooking you know yeah Gordon Ramsey we're cooking I also I also uh remember that one thing you mentioned earlier in in one of your past interviews is that after you come up with the hook and foreshadow you think of the last line right yes is that still true or have you the last line is huge oh I always think about the last line I think um now it's become almost like uh a a lot of my things have become intuition at this point but um it's very hard because I'm trying to like understand like what's the because I feel like okay how do I put this like with this type of video uh with this type of topic it's just a statement we would have to like continue brainstorming like how do we make it not just a statement that the new middle class is whatever it is um right we need to do it like can you guess what the new middle class is now that gives us the last sentence the last sentence $200,000 a year so that could be interesting like how much is the new middle class how much do you need to how much do you need to be how much do you need to make to be in middle class well middle class is defined as someone who owns a home has blank and makes uh does blank for 40 hours a week uh in in fact for the last decade middle class has been blank dollars but now you have to make blank dollars a day to be middle class so have you guessed it you need to make $120,000 a year so like something like that that was just like on the top of my head and then just fill in like the blanks essentially I see no that's something similar what we were doing that's what we were yeah and for visuals you'd be showing like um as you were saying like a stack of money or you know charts or you know what kind of visuals would you add to a talking head Vis well actually are you doing it talking head or are you doing IRL or in real life stuff where you're like going in front of houses and doing shots outside you gota you got to see what works better but definitely both definitely both I would definitely do Talking Heads to like have a bunch of quantity and with it part of this strategy I do want to mention that like you do want to be like making videos that are like for your core audience but also like a new audience that like and see who comes in between so like the Talking Heads would be for like the really core fans who like they want this information but then also we'll like have broader content that can hopefully funnel into that core audience and the core audience are the people who are going to subscribe as well well maybe for in real life like you could do something where you go to different homes and you say that like you go to maybe a really tiny home that you would think is a starter home and say like guess how much you need to make in order to afford this I love idea square foot home yes yeah yes that's such a good idea it do well let me stop that screenshot but that was cool um I'm also thinking like when you're first starting you you want to keep your um time um what am I thinking like your the amount of time you spend on on your video shorter right because you're you're trying to produce you're trying to do quantity right so if you're doing going out and filming you're potentially spending like whole day for just one short whereas if you're doing a talking head you could produce like five shorts right so how how do you find that balance yeah I think it's it's all about like time efficiency but also like when I'm out I try to film like as many videos as possible but then like I do want to add to that like also like I try to like I mean a lot of the things I do is like when it comes to like filming as feel based so like if I'm not passionate about the idea and I know it's going to take me like over an hour to film like out and about that I'm not going to do it if I'm not passionate about it but like if I'm going to have fun anyway it's like hey I'm having fun today this is a fun day but I'm also working it's like that's like the way I like to think about it but if it's like purely business I would definitely like just optimize Time by like um filming multiple shorts while you're out like for example if you're at that 800 foot home what three different shorts you can film there so it could be like a bit of one short but then also like two individual shorts as well right to optimize time yeah I wanted one clarifying question I had when when you were asking her about um if if you are doing a talking head video in this in this scenario um what visuals are you showing are you showing um you know when you when you uh say facts like oh it used to be 120k per year now it's 200k per year are you actually showing um like the these particular facts from the article or is that something oh never show articles no I would never show articles unless like unless it's like really important to show the article because it's like people again like words aren't necessarily like a visual I think a visual as like if I am doing a talking head I'll have like a stack of money in front of me or even it doesn't need like 120,000 not actually like $120,000 but like if like you know or some sort of like guide so it's like maybe like a stack of playing cards like 120 versus like what it used to be like look how many more playing cards just some sort of thing to like visually understand it but like if you don't have like any physical things then I would actually like make your own Graphics I think using your own Graphics is completely underrated because right now on YouTube like it's it's very hard to stand out on YouTube right and there's so many people doing the same content as you the same Niche right and everyone's using the same assets the same free stock footage I definitely would allocate like time and budget to definitely like unique Graphics so that you stand out yeah but um don't you also need to show where you're getting your information from so people can trust that right what you're you're saying is that's a good point yeah I would put it in the description I'm saying um more so like if you're saying like um let's say 100,000 let's say the new middle class is 250 or I'm sorry the new middle class is two $120,000 um putting like the art the whole article is going to have like so much words and like you just highlight that like it doesn't get the message across as opposed to like actual visuals so I would put like the article in the description or at least like mention the article but I would never like visibly show words instead of Graphics or visuals it's similar to the concept that you talk about uh show not tell during storytelling correct yeah can you talk a little bit more about that concept as well because it was like totally blown away when I first learned about it I was like how did I know this before not know this before that's crazy there's multiple ways of of doing it um there's two ways I like to think about it and the first way we just discussed which is like instead of putting text on screen saying 120,000 it would be showing what $120,000 looks like because you know again it makes it easier for the viewer to like actually comprehend how much this actually is a lot of people are visual Learners majority of people actually are so that's one way and the second way is implying things and letting the viewer come to those conclusions without you having to tell them the viewer loves figuring things out they love doing like easy math prod uh problems like you know it's like they would rather do two plus two instead of you giving them four is is it's actually like a Pixar storytelling technique that's exactly what it's called like two plus two storytelling where you show not tell um and um something I'd like to attach to that is also like I like to when I'm doing my scripts and making my videos I try to show two different things the script and the visual does not show the exact same thing it has to be two different things that like come together like in the middle of a vend diagram you know um so like for example I would never on my script say so I went to the store while I'm showing footage of me walking into a store you know you're just like wasting time as opposed to saying I'm shopping for chicken today while showing footage of me walking into the store I don't need to say I went into the store and then went shopping for chicken it's like we're wasting time as opposed to just like get straight to the point and just like show whatever else is missing it's like telling that dual narrative right so you so essentially you're telling two stories at once right although how would you do it in this context where we've been talking about yeah yeah where we've been talking about you're you're mentioning 120k but you're also showing it visually um how would you make that like to to um interlocking ideas rather than saying and showing the same thing oh that's a good question so it's usually the when I'm giving context I will try to do that because people don't want to watch through context but sometimes you need to provide context as opposed to like what the viewer actually wants so like when I make a video I try to think of like the viewer coming into this they watch the hook what do they actually want to see so like for example like if I'm for example giving someone a $5 gift they don't really want to see me buy it and make it they want to see me giving it to the person so we want to like do a narrative as much as possible in the the parts that they don't want to watch but kind of need for context so it's like me going to the store or high bought that they need that so we're going to make that as concise as possible by doing that dual narrative but then like $120,000 example would come in and like that's actually what they're here for they're here for that answer right so it's like then me giving the gift then we can turn off that dual narrative and just make it a single like story um and just like completely letting that play out that's the way I think about it so how would you do the two plus two story storytelling in this example where we're talking about the new middle class yeah I think um I think in the the example I provided like of like telling the viewer like how much you how much do you think it is and giving them hints is like basically two plus two because it's like they're working for their answer okay so it it can be wrapped up in the hook and foreshadow yeah yeah because it's the the hook the best hook in foreshadow the best hook is like a question like one of the best hooks are asking a question um because it also like provides a foreshadow and does exactly that because they're trying to answer the question actively throughout the video right okay yeah um cuz like the the other thing I was noticing like some of your titles like I I know I I've heard you say that before that question is a is a really good form of a hook because it's you know inherently um um drawing curiosity right um but I've also seen like a lot of your titles like oh I did this or I did that so what's the thought process behind those titles yeah sometimes a video like could just like be like a viral concept that's already intriguing in itself that doesn't need a question so for example like I built a secret room with 0 like I I to be honest I don't really fully understand like the Intrigue point on like a secret room but like it's like one of the most viral videos on YouTube and it has like over a 100 million views across platforms after two weeks of posting it so it's like I don't really need to ask a question because apparently it's just a viral concept that like just works you know what I mean um but for the most part I try to lean into questions because it like draws Natural Curiosity yeah that's that's uh that's good to know cuz also like what are your thoughts on like using like you also use like Mr Beast in your titles a lot because obviously you know Mr Beast is a big YouTube celebrity so more people will watch it so is that's how do we replicate that kind of um leveraging or dropping celebrity names in in a dry real real estate like topic I would definitely look into like what celebrities overlap with the niche so like for example like um my viewership like almost all of them watch Mr Beast and I know he's the perfect person to use like because like we we like cross-pollinate in audiences so I knew like using Mr be name would work with my audience so then it's like coming back to the real estate Niche like Kevin oir he's a celebrity who would like kill it on the real estate like Niche like if you use his name because he's like everyone knows Kevin o or like Mr Wonderful but he also like cross pollinates with that viewership for sure I did want to ask one question about um you you bring your family into a lot of your shorts do you have any you know funny stories about uh pulling your family into the YouTube world or making shorts with them yeah I love making shorts of my family it's I love including them in videos it's actually so hilarious um I think the funniest story is when I stole their stuff and gave it back to them for Christmas like I think a lot of people don't understand that like the things I do on my channel are like actually real like some people think this is this is like fake but like like I actually took their things like six months ago and that was the funny part cuz they still mention it and like the funniest part is still to this day if something's missing now they keep blaming me because I did that one video and I don't know I think it's so funny and that was real you didn't set it up with them you actually stole their stuff and yeah I because I want good reactions like I'm all over the content like I want the reaction to come out good and for the reaction to be good it needs to be real so we have this short which has um like 1,200 views and the retention is like 125% and it has like oh my gosh seven likes and and and after like maybe a a week or so it just stopped uh getting any traffic is there anything I can do now to re bring it back to life or there's nothing I can do yeah unfortunately there's nothing that you can like not nothing technically speaking but like there 's it's going to be very hard to revitalize it like of course other than like you know promoting it or linking other shorts to it but like naturally I would just like let it sit and like you know just keep going um there's a lot of factors that come into play it could be like maybe like it's really Niche um so it's like let's just say it's like capped at 1,200 and let's say that's not the case it could be the case where it's like it was like 150% retention and then they push it out to like a wider audience of of like 100 people and then what what you don't see is it got like 25% retention with those people and they just killed the video there and the retention is still high but because it didn't do well with that like audience maybe it just didn't get pushed or it's still like finding that audience there's like lots of different like things happening like it could just get pushed later on um it's it's a very it's it's it's very tough um to like understand which is why like I'm just all about like quality quantity like not only making quality videos but like just doing it consistent um getting like a lot of data so you can figure out like EXA pinpoint exactly what's going on because if especially if there's patterns across videos what are your thoughts on deleting shorts that didn't perform well I never do it I never do it because um for one I want everyone to see like my growth in history as a Creator but also like um I would never repost cuz honestly like I heard a myth that YouTube doesn't like when you do that especially like YouTube knows like what was uploaded before like even if you delete it like they still know in the back end like that was a video that was on like YouTube before so it's like I don't know maybe it's just it's like a it's like a myth but I just try to avoid it any scenarios where you would actually delete a short never never unless unless it's unless it's like um unless it's like completely like left field of like what I want to portray myself as a person in my channel but I would never delete a yeah never delete a piece of content and what are your thoughts on linking um shorts to to a long form content do you think it's a good idea or a bad idea it is I think it's a great idea I've seen nothing but good results especially if you're like in the shore you're like being realistic about what the long form is about the long form like actually has been getting like really high retention for me retention has been increasing ever since I linked it to shorts right cuz the thought process is like if someone is like on their on their feed and they're probably not in the mood to watch like a 45 minute long form video right so yeah is is that is that not the case um I mean that that's why it's like you got to be like like accurate about it like if you if you like set up the expectations like I made an8 minute version of what you just watched you know it's linked here that make sense but if it's like you know you trick them into clicking it you know that's a different story for sure okay well thank you so much Jenny this was great and um for anyone who wants your help or wants to learn more about you watch your shorts how can they get in touch with you yeah feel free to email me at team@ Jenny hoo.com I would love to help you grow and consult one-on-one directly with you and if you would like to learn more you can check out Jenny hoo.com [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ErikaandAbi [2 likes]: If you liked this episode with Jenny Hoyos, you are going to love the episode with Aprilynne Alter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AF0e5CljMw

:)
  2. @Shift2fADE1 [1 likes]: Great video. I got alot out of it. Thank you! :person-turqouise-waving:
  3. @HomeCats10: She don't help at all there Is nothing useful that she said that can help new channel grow she only yapping about nonsense 🤦
  4. @Latha-ai-governance: I'm your 1000th subscriber. Just subscribed.
  5. @SanataAnjata: Making videos or writing on social media is not that difficult. Sometimes the topic just flows naturally, and when you pour it into a discourse ,yes for me ..my hands are working and my brain cell's are processing more presented data to be presented to the audience, indeed my language is sometimes wild stange a little mysterious, the key is *OPTIMISM*.
  6. @SanataAnjata: *Jenny.., Merry Christmas gretings to your Mother, I only gave a gift just a smile because I am a person who has nothing.
  7. @SanataAnjata: Friends ..., I cant stay with you for long to day because we have Christmas activities. I wish Mery Christmas to the world and all of you.
  8. @SanataAnjata: That's right I  really hate people who seek popularity by selling cheap issue ,so don't make your content a place for trash products so that you are appreciated and your content is always sought after.
  9. @SanataAnjata: Being in a social media community with good or the best ratings is not difficult the main key is*don't creater* a sence of distrust or liest to the publick and be present in familiar and atractive language and the topic you are raising has a specialization
  10. @LeopardWoman739: Great information! Thank you!❤
  11. @BreakingMach5: @ErikaandAbi Thank you for this interview with Jenny.  This was GREAT!  👍  My channel is about sharing my lyrics with the World.  I enjoyed this conversation a lot and hope it helps me moving forward. ❤
  12. @PeacefulCosmosMusic: Nice video 🎉done and waiting 💯❤
  13. @Amir_Ansari_Official: Could you please let meknow how to connect with Jenny Hoyos
  14. @DivergentWix: For feedback, the video looks a little choppy, like the frames per second is too high. The actual content is good, but just wanted to let you all know. ❤
  15. @neetiiiiiiiiii: She is my fav creator. I love her videos.
  16. @kimi1possible: Is it me or the one giving you an interview are sooo laggy
  17. @RelentlessQuest: Great content and very informative !
  18. @Rishab20-d1r: U annoyed me. Jokes are not funny. Im sorry but it's true
  19. @Rishab20-d1r: Bro video not llok professional. I ww
  20. @SinCityBaby11: Wow Jenny is Soo patient 😅 she is Soo smart and sweet I would have told them to analyze what she has said in the past and tell them to do their own home work She isn't a realtor geez 😂

- He Went Viral But Then FAILED. I Told Him Why.: Kind: captions Language: en we all want to continue our success when we go viral but most of us rarely Succeed In following that up let's say you've been trying to go viral for years and then one day finally it worked you make a series that gets millions of views and a brand new massive audience that will surely click on every new upload but they didn't in fact the views got worse you could not live with your own failure where does that bring you these are the danji Bros and this story happened to them their editing and storytelling failed their chance of following virality and so here I am to roast their editing you guys are doing something that I really really love which is serial formats but that also demands that you need to make sure that they come in for each episode and after I watched the first episode I can tell you they did not watch the rest and I'm going to show you where you guys screwed up I'm excited for this let's get into it oh hi there you're probably wondering why I built this well that's because for the next 100 hours that's a really really good weight what moment for me but I think it could already be a little bit better it was going to be a wide shot and then this is me and then this is me in the cell shelter but then he pops out but we're like we need to deliver the click ASAP you guys delivered it too soon I think you can do that just by the editing let's just let us throw in some music that has this peaceful feel towards it let's have some birds chirping we have a brief moment of Peace we don't really know what we're meant to be looking at and then you pop out of nowhere oh for me that just completely throws me off bit in a really really engaging way so that creates the weight what beat and I think that's a really really engaging way to start a video as soon as I saw that I'm like yeah we could have done that that would have worked on top of this next you're now doing the laying pipe part of it it's like hey here's why you should watch this video it's for the next 100 hours I'm gonna be attempting to hide from my brother using only stealth shelter your intent was this okay I guess let's tease some action I think you threw some clips in I don't really think you considered what story is told just by no succession of Clips so while it was the next shot of teasing an action be this this doesn't really tell me that much if you're trying to promise the action and that is your most powerful shot of action this actually tells me that you're going to under deliver straight away but you did choose some pretty decent shots you climbing over the fence you climbing that tree and then you in here those shots could have already given me a better sense of act straight away that's my favorite one so I'm glad that you left that one right up to the end that one 100 hammock yeah this tells me oh if you're just in a hammock you've let your guard down oh this is gonna be an easy challenge for me I could just do this which now contradicts this there is a scene where I I had Chris on camera and I was like hiding behind a bush like showing that that would have been more interesting implicating the close calls you guys would have absolutely I hope I haven't ruined your spirits just yet we're only in the first 10 seconds we're only in the first 10 seconds okay so the 100 hours has begun and Jeff could be anywhere inside of this circle it's five miles wide this also confused me for a brief moment as well because the geography if we go back to your wide shots it's a wide shot of the Wilderness it's pretty interesting but then we cut back to you and you're also in the wilderness as well which to me tells me that you're already close I think what it could have been potentially more interesting you were in a city or a town environment instead the reason we shot I shot it here up on the hill you could you could see a really nice view of the entire Circle so I wanted to give the viewer like a visual of what that looks like yeah you did have a great shot of you on a hill to kind of overlooked everything you now have the Wilderness and you now have the town this is where he could be hiding I would have loved to have seen that as your opening image think about how the environment can also be telling that story I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people this was me researching seven days ago this was six days ago five days ago I ordered some insane tracking gear and now you get the point I didn't get the point okay it was gonna be more extensive but then our producer was like it's too long fine your producer it's not creating like a good threat for me you have already shown me you're hiding in a really really great spot you have that power so think of power potentially being a graph so how are you gonna combat that power oh I did some research that's not really a lot of information to tell me that conflict it's not the fact that you did research I think rather you should tell me why you're the expert I'm gonna track him via this I'm gonna find him with this he will not be able to hide because of this will you show me Your Arsenal the balance and the conflict is going to be a bit more interesting I think I was worried about giving too much information at once but because of that lack of information I therefore don't know how powerful you are but now we're gonna get to my favorite part and now you get the point I'm going to find Jeff I had to find Jeff foreign again took away the illusion straight away that you want really taking this this urgent I'm going to find Jeff and then you go with your body language very aggressively your body language and your performance will inform of me of the stakes this right here is my home for the night but since the circle is shrinking in the future days I'm gonna have to build a new stealth shelter every day so my first two objectives are get a disguise and build a stealth shelter for tomorrow night I gotta hide the shovel that's funny I like that risky is part of this entire challenge isn't actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris could spot me at any moment Chris can spot me at any moment but you just told me just before he's on the other side of the circle I'm on the top of a mountain yeah in in the open if anything I'm contradicting myself too there's nothing to hide behind up there so what you should have done then is this there's you looking out in the wilderness and then put these two shots together actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris gets about me at any moment that doesn't just feels more intense so it really does depend on what two shots you can put next to each other suddenly that makes it go wait how close is he I've been walking for like a half hour and if you're wondering why I'm limping I got in like a scooter accident yesterday I like this now your power's gone down I was trying to not limp around you that morning before we started and that he didn't know I wish I knew that but I also do like the small moment though going like a scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we gotta check on the music kind of went down for a moment and I kind of felt your vulnerability for that brief moment scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we got to check on and I liked that that's what I mean by suddenly the exchange of power you're bruised moment of silence uh oh but we've got a track on that's a nice moment of like okay I'm injured I'm in trouble but let me keep trying this is what five miles looks like the circle is about 500 feet that way and then he could go all the way to the mountains that's insane I'm glad I came up here and got the perspective of what this looks like so this is what I mean again by power and who owns that power Jeff is the one who is having that fun sort of experience whereas you I would say have to be a force of nature that can be told with the music Jeff if you're the one who's kind of chilling you should have that kind of bit more of that chill Vibe I honestly have no idea why I chose such a remote location from the first bunker but then you're being tracked down by a terrifying threat I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people so this is what five miles looks like glad I came up here got the perspective of what this looks like I'm going to find Jeff [Music] I've already been playing the answer yes yes you can Licht is expanding its library to where you can license actual movie soundtracks in your YouTube content and right now they of course have Lord of the Rings to the honestly super underrated soundtrack of Black Adam or you can express your positive masculinity and be Kenneth with the Barbie soundtrack when I first started as a filmmaker I used soundtracks and mainstream music in my content but it would mean I would sacrifice ad Revenue which sucks wouldn't you love to do this even license that by the way you can Rick Roll your audience and still keep the ad revenue and needle drop like that can be really good for retention and engaging your audience helping your content go further and be seen by more people go take a peek in lick and get 50 off your first mainstream track and 14 days free stop music via the link in the description the rain last night which means just Footprints are going to show in the mud this challenge is gonna be so much fun trying to track stuff down don't you worry I'm going to show you guys some tracking techniques if you're meant to be this expert tracker and you're going to try to track his Footprints that's a great idea but that's your first idea you've already established to me just a few moments earlier that you're on the other side of that Circle and so you're going to be tracking his Footprints when he hasn't even been there yet the circle is huge which I kind of underestimated yeah with this we're going to play a little bit of a game so think of tension like an elastic band The more you pull the more tense it gets and you can feel that so what your video should be potentially doing you need to be each scene needs to be pulling more and more and more making this more and more tense and Can you feel it can you see it yeah can you see it you see it and then a certain point and that's the end of your video but did you see what just happened with you guys you felt that tension it was raining my face what are you expensing right now how tense is this it's like this yes exactly yeah I just put picked up a couple of your employees from a park really with the Tesla and gave them a ride our team must have helped Chris by dropping off Tesla's at a park I wonder if this Uber driver will give me any more information so I'm actually hiding from my brother for this video that we're doing oh and so you actually just gave me information I wasn't supposed to know but as a really great exchange of power like this is now making you feel even more powerful oh what's the tension at well I'd say I'd say there's tension because he found out something that I was trying to do each scene you have to be considering is this stretching it a little bit more and if it's not you need to find ways to ensure that it does and so you should be conscious with every scene that you're doing is it creating more attention or are you letting it be slack right Jeffrey man have a good day brother you too this map thing bothers me because Chris is moving away going away okay so I'll have this information but he's going up the direction if there are instances when you're going the opposite ends of the circle that should be for comedy here's something I use a sense of geography to create comedy in the exchange of power like if I were a tiny Rosanna Pansino where would I hide boom so there's matpat monologuing and then failing to do so would I I thought I had I had it sure four sure and then there's a comedy of him leaving I think we were kind of looking at the map as kind of like a wide shot of things to give the viewer perspective on like where we were and not necessarily like a storytelling tool yeah it should have been used as a storytelling tool good luck Tesla I burned five and a half hours planting the Teslas but we did it so we're gonna check the footage tonight and see if we spotted Jeff or not now my next objective is very clear get lunch I'm hungry I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him this should have been a fun moment we've just established that you two are really really close what does this do and so maybe that could have been an instance where we check it what is Jeff up to what is then going to have a moment where you're like okay how is Chris gonna find Jeff what is he gonna do now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh no it's like oh he like he blew it it was almost like we could have pretended with music that he was gonna have some insane tactic now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh man yes yes that is so funny I don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna now this is funny like imagine with that information how funny this is now because you two are now so close to each other you two should have been cutting between each other a little bit here's you being really really dumb honestly don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now you don't know how close you are to him and then here is him again gaining more power so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise so yeah this is my disguise I was thinking that and that could have been emphasized just by cutting between the both of you I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him I even know so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now I was thinking that I'd look like a guy going to the gym I got my gym bag now I got to think about what to do next let's see if we can find ways again in editing to probably help increase that tension then I've successfully evaded Chris for probably like 14 ish 15 hours I don't really know the math maybe it's later than 11 I don't know all I know is I'm exhausted my back hurts I'm gonna get some good night rest and hopefully it'll feel better in the morning so see you tomorrow so you've let your guard down okay let the search begin here you go and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff oh my gosh what the heck dude don't your bird just spooked me I think I've hit a dead end I don't think Jeff would have gone through there there's easier ways footprint right here yeah that's about the size of Jeff's foot let's hyper focus on you getting close to him basically I'm trying to look for footsteps and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff Spring right here yeah that's about oh yeah that definitely feels more tense Jeff did you happen to get any shots of you sleeping ah this one was definitely a unique scenario I was genuinely in so much pain because I I like tweaked my back just suffering trying to get into there so I was like I'm going to bed I understand but if you had that footage of you sleeping that could have been a bit more tense like here's some footsteps here oh what is this it's like a Jeff shoe we cut to you sleeping oh that would have been so good now you've seem so much more vulnerable you've let your guard down look at that look at the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you cut back to you you have no idea you're about to be found look at that in the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you so we still have like you know this whole circle to go so I decided that I'm gonna hop in the car and then but still with that tension racing so again that could have happened even more so you're close you're close you're close oh my God oh my God he's about to find him we cut to maybe one more shot of you the music starts swelling up he was about to find him I've given up you start driving away and then we cut back to Jeff one more time the music is calm a peaceful moment he's safe for another day who didn't win Jeff won what is he going to do the next day then but tomorrow I'm activating phase two I want to try a different tracking method each day tomorrow I have a tracking pen phase two make you the force of nature again you didn't find Jeff therefore you gave up but this is what you're gonna do to change that that was not told through this because you kept that sort of comedic music underneath the tone should have changed to be a bit more intense the cuts could have been a bit more powerful tomorrow I'm activating phase two I have a tracking pen night vision goggles the circle is streaming to four miles tomorrow I need to be very alert because Jeff will be moving this now creates the Cliffhanger which is something I don't think many creators really do and I think Mrs and they therefore miss out on a really really great retention hack and that's why I like series but the game is for series to work you got to get me to the end of that video you guys failed to get me to the end of that video so therefore the Cliffhanger is not going to work it's therefore when part two comes along well I already checked out halfway through episode one so I'm not gonna watch it and so that's why this series failed you didn't give me good tension you didn't give me good story you didn't give me good conflict you didn't give me a fun exchange of power so therefore I didn't watch episode two that makes a lot of sense I was like it's the packaging no but you're no you're right no you're right it's there's a lot we got to work on what's the game plan for you guys next after this learning all of this yes tension

  Top Comments:
  1. @HillierSmith [12 likes]: I have an editing class! Sign up here:  https://hayden-hillier-smith.mykajabi.com/edit-like-an-artist
  2. @DESCU23 [2 likes]: this guy is the god of editing :yt:
  3. @P3akGT [1 likes]: 8:36
  4. @Littlesezer: Turkish subtitle pls bro
  5. @gladiator1568: Coming up with ideas is difficult for sure but I say creativity will always find it's way around
  6. @SnackCut1: REALLY Informative stuff here
  7. @woodandwheelz: I love these videos, but I honestly don't see how they could help me. I do adventureless woodworking videos. Play Lord of the Rings soundtrack as I cross the shop. LoL! I still watch them just in case. My editing sucks, I know, but that's only for now. "The day  you stop learning is the day you die." ~ Me
  8. @NargeseMast: It's really helpful. Thank you
  9. @koimusic1049: Amazing
  10. @myautobiographyafanfic1413: It doesn't help that the content isn't something people would watch.
  11. @ericjimenez8: amazing video. more of these would be great!
  12. @_skyeline: Editing a video about editing a video must be pretty interesting...
  13. @WothemGottem: It would have been a good investment to get a super experienced editor, like you, to judge the video before uploading it. I am going to remember this.
  14. @GigaChadBigW: Question if you stop the subscription of Lickd  the music in my video wont be monetize?
  15. @RugoGaming: I'm starting to develop an inner-Hillier voice, and I like it. Great stuff man, now to just get myself to stop binging your content and finish these next few videos.
  16. @terogamer345: Amazing insights but lol at "here is why your series failed" while each video got at least 1.3+ million views, damn the standards are high 😅
  17. @nancymcmonarch: OMG, yes, shell out a little money for music licenses.  That canned, tinny "YouTube" music screams CHEAPSKATE! and is universally awful.  Nobody wants to hear Joe Nobody's homemade songs that kinda sorta sound a little bit like Pink Floyd, Brian Eno, or a frantic case of indigestion.
  18. @omis1459: If you give so many tips then why you have 340k subs and not 100m+ ?
  19. @PK_the_pumpkin_king: love your editing skills and i was wondering if you could help me out with mine with some advice… im a new gaming youtuber and have -5 editing skills so in learning but how much game footage should i start with to stop and edit? or what would you ask from someone? any advice would be amazing again your skills are crazy good im watching your videos trying to get an understand it all.. again any advice if any would be much appreciated ^.^
  20. @turkeybunker: How it hard, but interesting)

- We tracked what happens after TikTok songs go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jake Hi. I’m Jake. In February 2020 he posted his first video to TikTok. Alright, mom, what are you doing today? I’m going to make a beat! I had my mom make a beat that I had already pre-made. And I recorded, I'm like, okay, press these buttons. And we'll make it look like you just made it in two minutes. I need a producer tag Okay, what do you want it to be? Ayo mama on the beat. Within hours the video was racking up millions of views. So, Jake made a few more videos featuring his mom, but with one small tweak. My brother had the idea, he was like, yo, what if we like put a TikTok like in front of the phone and we filmed it... Hey mom. Have you ever heard this song before? The format was simple but clever: Jake would mashup songs on TikTok that were already going viral. [overlapping] Hey mom. It worked. With each post, he was racking up millions more views. But he didn’t stop there. And we were like, we need to put my vocals on the end of it. And if the song goes viral, then like we can drop it ourselves and become an artist. Hood baby part 2, featuring yours truly. Up down right down... We're just going to name myself, JVKE and we're going to go at it. Ayo mommas gonna make this a bop. “Up down right down looking for your love right now.” It just so happens that the first one that I put my vocals on went absolutely bananas viral. Jake’s 15 second snippet of a song was taking over TikTok. Once it was at 1 million videos, Charli D’Amelio used it. That means that this is about to be insane. Like it's not ending at a million. It's starting at a million. At the time, Jake didn’t even have a manager. But he knew he needed one fast. We have these fifteen seconds, we have labels calling us... What do we do? That was actually when I got on the phone with my now manager and he was like “Call me, right now!” He was like, "Hey, can you finish this song in 24 hours?" Clearing the “Hoody Baby” sample ended up taking a few days. By the time we got it out, it was at 5 million videos. It ended up going to 15 million. If you compound all the views of all the 15 million videos, it's like over 9 Billion views. This is just the beginning of Jake’s story. But what makes it so interesting isn't how dramatic it is, but how often stories just like his occurred in 2020. Over the last few months I’ve been working with The Pudding to put experiences like Jake’s into perspective. We dug into the data and stories behind dozens of emerging artists’ TikTok hits. To figure out what internet fame actually means for new music artists. It turns out, this is way more than a story about algorithms or going viral. It’s a story about the longstanding tug-of-war between artists, platforms, and music industry giants. You might be surprised who’s winning. If I were to review this project, I'd probably never do it again. That is Matt Daniels, a journalist at The Pudding where he digs into culture stories through data. In the Fall of 2021, we started a project that turned into what Matt describes as... One of the hardest data projects I've ever worked on. It seemed simple on paper: create a data set of Indie and DIY artist that went viral on TikTok in 2020 and determine if that virality was enough to change the outlook of their career. Because it really was their first major, major exposure to a huge fan base on the internet. But, there were a few big problems right from the start. The biggest was there wasn’t a useful data set of the most popular songs on TikTok from 2020. We banged our head against the wall trying to figure out “how do we reconstruct charts from TikTok?". It turns out, there’s a lot of playlists on Spotify that compile viral TikTok hits. And there’s also this tool called Chartmetric. Which among other things captures historical data of those playlists and tracks what songs have been added and subtracted to them and when. So, we got to work. And pulled all of the songs from as many playlists as we could find that were added between January and December 2020. Then we ranked the songs by their popularity on TikTok, filtering out any that got fewer than 100,000 posts. Which brought us down to about 1500 songs that went viral in 2020. The biggest challenge I would say is once we had our arms wrapped around these 1500 songs making the decision of, is this an established artist that had a TikTok hit or is this the artist's big break? And a big break is a very subjective decision. A lot of the artists in this list were obviously very established. Cardi B going viral on TikTok is not particularly impressive versus somebody who has never released a song before. So we went back to Chartmetric to dig into more data points behind these songs and the artists that made them. Including their Spotify monthly listeners, the number of times they've been playlisted, the number of tracks they've released. Which made it a lot easier to decide: did this artist have a career beforehand? Eventually, after filtering out all of the established artists we narrowed our list to a sample of 125 artists we felt hit all the marks. They all went viral on TikTok in 2020 and as far as we can determine, it was their big break. Can I also say something really quickly... Yeah yeah. It doesn't actually matter how many artists we examined. There's probably thousands of new artists that went viral on TikTok. So what we wanted to do was just wrap our arms around a cohort of artists that are experiencing this phenomenon and, and then say what, what happened to them afterwards? What happened to these artists' after they went viral was eye-opening. And nearly everyone of those stories starts with Spotify. The speed and the intensity with which TikTok sends things viral. It's crazy. That’s Elias Leight: he’s a music journalist and his reporting on TikTok and the music industry is extensive. The virality itself is not necessarily new but TikTok is basically just like a machine gun shooting out viral songs like even more than daily, honestly. The two big differences are how many viral moments it creates and then how directly that virality correlates with streaming increase which is why the labels are so obsessed with it. You can see how that played out in real time by looking at this chart which captures the explosive virality of JVKE’s track “Upside Down” on TikTok. But what it doesn’t show is that while Jake’s track was going viral people were flocking to Spotify to stream it. This is the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline. I remember when we first released the song it was just like a bottle rocket, up to like 500,000 streams a day. I was like, what is happening? I didn’t even know really what that meant at the time. What is meant is that the track was going to get playlisted. In fact within a month of “Upside Down’s” official release it was on 98 editorial playlists: including "New Music Friday" which has almost 4 million followers. It landed on the "Global Viral 50" Spotify Charts. And as a result, JVKE went from zero monthly listeners on August 18th to 3.4 million by October. As I’m editing this piece, he has over 8 million. This pipeline from TikTok to Spotify wasn’t unique to JVKE. It happened to nearly every one of the 125 artists on our list. So, I feel like TikTok is one of the main platforms where people actually leave the app to go and add music to their library. That’s L.Dre - who’s song Steven Universe has been used in more than 10 million video posts. Whenever one of my videos went viral most of the comments were people begging me to release it. That's kind of the culture on TikTok. When they hear something, they really wanna go listen to it. I pretty much went from having just like a few thousand monthly listeners to just a rapid incline for like a year or two straight where it was just steady going up. And what was more exciting to see was that almost all of the artists, including L.Dre had some of their other tracks get editorially playlisted. That's really important because it means that once you're on a playlist that Spotify curates, it's getting a huge audience it's a huge signal that the music you're releasing is going to get streams. To get a better sense of how the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline worked Matt and I analyzed another chart: The Spotify 200. It’s a global chart that shows the top 200 songs on the app every day. These songs are stream kings. So, in a new spreadsheet, we pulled all the artists whose songs made the U.S. Spotify 200 after January 2020 and filtered out all of the artists who had well established careers or had already charted before then. This left us with a new data set to analyze. These 332 emerging artists who landed on the chart for the first time. Out of this group, a quarter of them have TikTok to thank for their big break. This is incredibly eye-opening in terms of TikTok’s influence on the charts. In terms of what is getting listened to in music culture. But let’s backtrack a second. Because it’s not just about racking up millions of streams. It’s about how fast you’re able to do it. And it’s not just about how virality influences It’s about how it influences music business. Spotify basically pays out labels according to their share of the total streams in a given time period. If you get a really big hit that, you know, does a billion streams over six months or something that can add a few points to your market share which then increases your payout of the Spotify pool. It's really like a ruthless competition for this market share number that no listener cares about at all but the record labels watch obsessively. Despite this obsession, look what’s happened over the past 4 years. Major labels have slowly conceded their total Spotify market share to independent and self-released artists. To get back a bigger piece of the pie, labels developed a strategy: Monitor TikTok like a hawk and aggressively try to sign artists that are rising to the top. In a way, TikTok is great for the labels. They basically sit on top of it, watch everything come up and if they get it at the right time they can probably make their money back on pretty much one track. The intensity of these bidding wars around viral songs... It's pretty wild. It's just like a flat-out sprint to grab the next viral thing. Here's a headline I've seen everywhere. And for legal reasons, I made a generic version of it. “Artist with viral TikTok song inks million dollar record deal with major label.” Let's break it down. So you're an artist, you have a song and it’s doing really, really well and all these record labels are hitting you up. They're like, I want to sign you. How can we be a part of this conversation? So then they will entice you with money, which is an advance. So this million dollars, right here? That’s the advance. The more virality you have the more zeros you’ll see. This is Mary Rahmani. She’s a former TikTok music exec who now runs her own label with Republic records called Moon Projects. When I worked at major labels, but under an imprint that was a little more indie I would go in between like 50 to a hundred thousand dollars for an advance. And yeah, the major labels are a double triple that sometimes. The label signs you, they give you a fat advance of about a hundred thousand dollars or something like that, in exchange for full ownership of all of your masters all of your recorded music. So, for that million dollars the label now owns the rights to your viral TikTok song forever and... They would keep around 85% of the royalties that came in. You only got your 15% if you recouped the cost of your advance. By the way, that’s Ari Herstand. I'm the author of "How To Make it in the New Music Business" and I'm an independent musician. So right after you ink your million dollar deal you see a nice $50,000 check from Spotify because your song is still riding that viral wave. $42,500 of that check would go to the label, only $7,500 would go to you… but it wouldn’t stay with you for long because you have to use that check to start paying back your million dollar advance. In essence, an advance is a loan. And if you’re only making 15% of the revenue generated by your song it might take a very long time to pay it back. So you just have to hope you’re very smart about the way you use your advance or you're extremely successful and your album generates millions and millions of dollars. And then you start earning royalties on the back end. The whole approach is basically like initially you're going to be, you know, 500K, a million, 1.5 million in the hole, and you just have to dig yourself out of it. This is what a standard major label record deal has looked like for decades. But recently, this part of the headline has started changing the equation. If you have a viral hit, and have proven you can build a following all on your own. Congratulations, you have leverage. I mean, if you have a viral hit, probably you’re getting a lot of offers simultaneously because labels scrutinize TikTok so closely and they want to be part of these viral things so badly Because of that... There's been a bigger shift in the last couple of years than there has been in the last 50 years in the types of deals that labels are starting to offer the artists in the artists favor. Where the label comes to the artist and says, I know, historically we would take 85%, but we're not going to do that for you because you're so valuable. And you've obviously proven that you can create a career all on your own. So, how about 50/50 we're partners now? And you know, we're not going to own your stuff. We're just going to do a licensing deal. Meaning give us the rights to your record for the next 12 to 15 years. You can still do whatever you want with it, we'll do whatever we can to make more money on this. And we'll split it 50/50. That has never really happened before with self-released DIY independent artists. So, how many record deals are actually happening? Matt and I decided to tackle this question from two angles. First by compiling a list of around 367 emerging artists who landed their first major label deal after January 2020. And then from there, we went row by row, artist by artist, trying to determine, did this person have a viral moment on TikTok? And if so, was that cited as one of the reasons for them getting signed? It turns out, roughly a third of these deals happened because an artist's song went viral on TikTok. And when Matt and I went back and looked at our original group of 125 artists, we figured out that 46% of them went from unsigned to landing a major record label deal. Because when these artists do have leverage, signing to a major has its benefits. For one, they have direct relationships with streaming services like Spotify which helps them get more placements on editorial playlists. They are also massive international conglomerates, so they will tell you that they can push you in Sweden and France and Germany and Japan at the same time as they push you in America. At the end of the day, the biggest difference is that they're massive banks and they can write huge checks. But TikTok, has increased the chances for DIY artists to go viral one day and wake up the next morning with a million streams on Spotify without spending millions of dollars to record an album, and needing a global team to promote it. This is honestly the subject of a lot of debate right now. If you're able to build a lot of leverage on your own, like how much benefit does a big label offer you and what should you give up? When I looked at the data, I wasn’t that surprised to all of these of these artists signing deals with major labels. What I found more compelling was the group who were likely offered deals and decided to continue on their own, at least for now. It's like, I can promote my music. I don't have to rely on you to make stuff happen for me. The leverage is kind of slowly being put back into the hands of the artists and it’s a beautiful thing to see. When I was browsing our list of 125 viral artists one name happened to grab my attention: Edith Whiskers. It turns out that name is a pseudonym for the prolific singer songwriter Tom Rosenthal. I write fairly boring singer songwriting music that has gone a bit viral on TikTok. Tom’s first viral song was his cover of “Home” by Edward Sharp and the Magnetic Zeroes. It’s been used in 1.6 million TikTok videos. So after the initial TikTok waves hit me, I thought, okay, I'm going to release it, but then it suddenly dawned on me that if I released it via my own name, I thought this cover will be on the top of my lists forever. I couldn’t bear the idea of writing all these original songs and then having one cover just sitting there at the top. So he did the only sensible thing. I came up with four names, put all those names on Twitter, did a Twitter poll and Edith Whiskers was the favorite. So he released the track on Spotify under the name Edith Whiskers And it shot straight up to the Spotify Viral 50. Basically, If you can name a record label they reached out. The thing is, Tom is staunchly independent. And has some pretty strong feelings about major labels. I'm their worst nightmare, really, because I'm older than, you know, 19. When record labels said to me “Oh, come and sign with us because you know, these things can drop off and we help it grow and flourish in its own special way.” Well, I go, “Hang on, I've literally got the data from the first one over a year now, showing that it basically does roughly the same thing every single day of his life.” I just basically said, this is around the kind of money that it would take to get me interested, because I know this is the money that I will make from these songs. That knowledge is really important, especially if you're independent. In 2021, just a few months after going viral, Tom started his own record label. I thought, let's try it. Let's try and create a fair system. Let’s actually have a completely big rethink about how I approach it compared to traditional record labels. The first thing he nixed was the long tradition of advance and recoupment. Obviously not go crazy and invest lots of money, but actually invest, you know, one or 2000 pounds or dollars in someone and say, look, let's make a few songs, but I'm not looking for that money back. So that's the key difference, I think, is you’re just investing in people, rather than it being this odd loan system. I want every artist of mine, on my record label, to understand money. And the only way they do that is by seeing money come in straight away and understanding how that works. It has never been a better time to be a DIY artist, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy. I’m at the whims of these almighty algorithms at all times. Like they pretty much decide, you know, whether I'm gonna eat dinner or whatever. A few years ago I started following L.Dre on Instagram way before TikTok was even on my radar and it seemed like he always had content at the ready. I just need to make that I’m posting stuff, pretty consistently on any platform I can. The fact of the matter is, if you wanna make it today, you either have to have money to hire people, or you just need to also become a video editor. Also become a graphic designer. You definitely have to wear a lot of hats for sure. Pretty much everyone I talked to said, if you want exposure, you have to be on TikTok, and not only that, you have post post post. We recommended posting three to five times a week and now it's three to five times a day, Because theres people out there who are willing to put in the extra work, and you’re competing with them now. Even if you’re an influencer full time, it’s a lot of work. But it's just because there's so much content coming in and music is one vertical of many. If you’re looking to break as a new artist, that is kind of the requirement. The more you post, the more you'll get discovered. Out of all of the big existential questions this project hit me with, the one that I can’t stop thinking about is this: Is music just content now? Are musicians just content creators? I don't know what the actual meaning of this was but like the video killed the radio star thing. There's more to the equation than just your voice on radio. And I think that's kind of what you're getting at here is that there's just so much around your ability to create content. On one hand, if you're signed to a label, they can help you with that. But on the other hand, you're signed to a label because you're good at that already. Matt and I spent months poking at prodding at the digital footprint of these 125 artists. Examining whether or not they would be deemed successful based on how quickly their TikTok and Instagram followers increased, or whether they gained youtube subscribers, and spotify monthly listeners. But one metric that’s just as valuable is touring. People love you on TikTok. That's great. Will they pay for a show? You know, can you start selling merch? Like, is there a deeper attachment here? First we looked at, of these artists, how many were touring beforehand? Unsurprisingly, some of them were. Among the artists who had never toured before or played a show about a third of them have had at least one show and about 15% of them are actually playing festivals now. A decent chunk of these artists have been able to channel their TikTok success into performing live music, which is often the source of financial security for an artist. You want people to come to your shows and you want people to buy your albums and your t-shirts and be invested in what you're doing as an all-rounder. And actually a viral song is obviously great, but it’s about doing something so much stronger than that. In November 2021, a little over a year after Jake went viral with his mom on TikTok, he played his very first live show. "When you perform for the very first time after everyone said you were just a TikToker." That first moment when I was walking onto the stage I was walking kind of slow just to like take in what was actually happening. As I sang the first lyrics to the song and everyone was just screaming back at me. Like I almost was like speechless. That target, we were trying to hit of like let's convert this virality into something real, like we hit that target spot on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [629 likes]: For more from our friends at The Pudding, check them out at:  https://pudding.cool/ They make data fun and accessible, providing longform and interactive  data journalism pieces spanning topics from Ali Wong to Air Jordans.
  2. @KV21YT [2 likes]: This is jake, who was famous before his biggest hit golden hour.
  3. @Limozo [2 likes]: Literally 15 seconds of fame...
  4. @gababiba [1 likes]: They will all be forgotten as fast as they rose to fame
  5. @hwoonDeurim [1 likes]: i've only heard abt jvke since golden hour, never seen his mother OR a tiktok from him
  6. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: This looks terrible and I'm sorry you had to do it... I would never
But I think it would have been so much easier if you'd done it once AI had come out
  7. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: I told y'all TikTok>Reels
  8. @sarahjames927 [1 likes]: Problem is are they going to have staying power as an artist.
  9. @joesmith-es1zy: You can't post three to four times a week and still produce quality, it's simply not possible. Luckily young people today are willing to listen to some truly awful stuff.
  10. @tonipwneroni9846: This is like they took a scientific paper and turned it into a video essay. I live for this.
  11. @minihiphopmuseum9668: 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @AudreyMalia: Moore Lisa Smith Helen Johnson Paul
  13. @rbnlmsl: now i start feeling like they hacked into youtube algorithm as well...
like if you  know what i mean??
😂
  14. @paulbali9998: I'm not sure we need more songs, we'll never hear but a sliver of the extant Catalogue.

But AI needs more training data!  maybe it retroactively invents social media to feed its young brain, turns us all into content creators for its kindegarten.
  15. @apushbruh5238: Thanks for this
  16. @biancaayuri1341: that one james blake video
  17. @nyctilia: Thanks a lot! I had been wondering how those things work today and that really gave me a great overview! I saved the video as I’ll likely will be needing this info again :)
  18. @HolloMatlala1: 16:49😂😂😂...
  19. @marcelkamira: who will tell them that tiktok is going to get burned
  20. @SASTSimon: 15:35 in this small clip alone you can see both the names ”cmten” and ”glitch gum” 

I find that pretty funny since those 2 have collabed on a song before

- Meet the Secret Scriptwriter Getting YouTubers Millions of Views: Kind: captions Language: en listen to this clip and in doing so he sidestepped an absolutely massive Financial Risk that not many full-time YouTubers ever think about but I'm gonna come back to that so why is Thomas Frank pretty much stopped posting on his main Channel and why has that allowed him to make even more money than ever did you see what he did there essentially the audience needs to know pretty much at all times what it is they're waiting around for next we're solving the ultimate question how does he make so much money that's what we're waiting around for but not losing sight of the fact that you need to have these minute payoffs kind of throughout the video that serve as building blocks to that ultimate thing that's George Blackman a YouTube scriptwriter who's been hired by YouTubers like Ali abdall Mike shake and Ed from film Booth to write videos for them like the one you just saw scripting is one of the most important parts in the video making process that you are overlooking George says that it can make or break your video if you want that full creative control as I say you you need to know what all the beats are that you're going to hit unless your audience knows why am I giving this guy or girl my time for the next minute it's very easy for them to just say I can't be bothered to wait another 10 minutes to get to the end of this so in this episode you'll learn how a great video starts the four hat writing process to make better videos tips for finding and hiring a scriptwriter and how to craft the perfect call to action to end your videos where does a great video Start how do we how do we get this thing started so that we're giving ourselves a good chance for this video working so the idea generation is obviously a big one and I know you've spoken about that with Paddy Galloway and that's like the big thing that kind of comes up a lot of the time is is the idea generation I'm usually less involved in that phase my role tends to come in as like how do we once we've got that idea how do we frame it and that that's a huge one and I think something creators often think is like oh I'm excited to talk about this topic and I know roughly what I would want to say about it maybe it comes from a conversation you've had with somebody uh at a cafe or at a pub or something and it feels like this is something I could intuitively just talk really compellingly about for a while but in my experience and what I find with the the one-to-one calls that I do with creators is that your first idea is often not going to be the best uh the best one so I take an example I was speaking to somebody recently who they wanted to talk about Hollywood reboots right which is obviously a trend at the moment has been a trend for a little while now the the kind of incessant rebooting of basically everything we know and love from our childhood and they came to me saying like I want I want to talk about this and but they weren't fully sure like how to approach it and their first instinct was like why don't we just talk about you know the pros and the cons of doing Hollywood reboots like yeah why it's good why it's bad which is like cool like you could you could do that but by itself that feels again like a conversation you might have with somebody down the pub a second angle that we talked about and that they came to me with was oh why don't we talk about why Hollywood keeps doing it right like why when they have the option to make new and fresh and interesting things do they continue to reboot stuff but again that seemed like a question that you can answer immediately either intuitively or you can Google it but the answer is money because it makes money that's not an interesting thing and if you're going to try and delay revealing that answer to your audience for 10 15 20 minutes or like for hours if it's a video essay potentially that's not something that is going to convince many people to stick around because it's quite intuitive but then we landed on the idea of oh what if we talk about why do we keep going to see it why is it something that I know I'm not going to enjoy in all likelihood balance of probability I've seen enough reboots I've been frustrated enough times going to the the movies that I'm not going to enjoy seeing this but why is it that I keep giving Hollywood my money so we answer that question easily it makes the money who makes them that money me but what so like it's almost like an invasive look into like my own behavior like the sort of thing I think I will have it will have crossed my mind as an audience member in the past but having that presented in front of you it's like why I can't remember the title we came up with but presenting it framing it as a look into like you and your behavior again that's quite a specific example but I think that's that's basically the kind of the checklist that we you want for how you frame your video it's got to be something that's interesting for you it's got to be something that's deeply interesting for your audience uh it's got to evoke some kind of emotion like the kind of emotional response I was having just then the like kind of frustration or or whatever it is and then it's got to open multiple curiosity apps it's got to be the kind of thing you couldn't just Google and find out very very quickly because again we're trying to convince people to give us a significant amount of their time when at the click of a button they've got thousands of other choices so hitting on that right framing of the idea is uh is is Paramount well I think I'm hearing and tell me if I'm hearing this incorrectly yeah but uh I'm thinking out loud a little bit ideas are not the same as topics like you can have a topic that you want to explore that is not inherently the idea for the video the idea is almost like a Russian nesting doll inside of the topic to say how do I how do I frame and and almost like carve out how I'm going to address this topic yeah that's exactly right going to put it better that's the 16th answer for what I just said so what are some of the trends you see as to what that behavior is or what what mistakes people are making early on and throughout the beginning portion of a video that causes people to lose interest in tune out it usually comes down to the idea of payoff as it's umbrella kind of term essentially the audience needs to know pretty much at all times what it is they're waiting around for next which sounds pretty obvious but it can be very easy I think when you are in the process of making a 10 minute video to forget to signpost those things frequently throughout throughout the video so although you might be doing a tutorial video where you're showing them by the end of the video You're Gonna know how to do this or it might be for example I wrote a a breakdown of how Thomas Frank makes however many hundreds of thousands of dollars he makes a month we're solving the ultimate question how does he make so much money that's what we're waiting around for but in the kind of you know the seven eight minutes before that what are the things that we are the little kind of aha moments the little tidbits that we are excited to find out about in the next minute or 30 seconds even and so I think it's about figuring out first of all what that big the grand payoff is and I've actually written about this the newsletter that I've written that's going out today is is about identifying that grand payoff but not losing sight that ultimate thing and unless you're signposting that unless your audience knows why am I giving this guy or a girl my time for the next minute it's very easy for them to just sing I can't be bothered to wait another 10 minutes to get to the end of this these types of signposts and planning for how and when the payoffs happen throughout the video it sounds like something that's difficult to do without thought or intention yes like it seems like I'm probably not going to walk in hit record and just do these things really well you're right yeah this is actually funnily enough uh earlier this this week or last week maybe I did Justin's Creator debates podcast and we were talking uh about script writing and whether you should script or whether you should just wing it and there's of course a place for just winging it and especially I think the conclusion we came to is when you're maybe first getting started in all of this it feels like a lot to learn how to be a videographer and a sound mixer and also a scriptwriter and a Storyteller and all this stuff maybe it is okay to just get some bullet points and just get used to speaking to camera but I think if you want Total creative control over the package that you're putting out there has to be some thought when you sit down uh you you want to have it mapped out as as much as you possibly can and it's okay it's not like you have to stick word for word to what you've written if you feel like you need to skip over a little bit or you feel the urge to just like rephrase something in the moment totally fine but if you want that full creative control as I say you you need to know what all the beats are that you're going to hit because if you're going to sit down and just start talking it's very easy to forget what did I say a couple of minutes ago have I teed this up properly have I probably foreshadowed what's coming next does this make sense as a step by step for my audience to reach that grand payoff it's harder to tell if you haven't got a plan I love that you you call out the fact that you don't have to have the entire process dialed to a 10 in all the steps within it when you get started because I think that's really important for a lot of people listening to hear which is like yeah we're laying out how people at the top level are approaching this and you can have that in your uh windshield I guess it's not your rear view mirror you can have that in front of you and no that's what you're working towards but you don't have to be there right now after a quick break George and I dive into the specifics of writing an effective script so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor you screen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an on-demand catalog of Premium video content a new screen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a you screen account you get video hosting and out of the box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of third-party Integrations too a new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required u-screen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you so we have an idea that hits those check boxes and we feel good about it now what happens to get this thing written the key thing and it feels like a real annoyance for a lot of people and I know as soon as you hear the words come out my mouth it's gonna feel like oh an immediate stomach drop but drafting up an audience Avatar so you can be laser focused on basically everything the language you're using how you're constructing your scripts the topics you choose all of that you you just you need to know who you're talking to and it's the same in marketing it's the same in everything like this is basically Marketing in this in this idea of an audience Avatar are you suggesting that that's something I do for my channel and each video is a uh addressing that audience or are you saying each video we need to create this Avatar it depends usually I mean have one for your channel is definitely what you would need overall but there will be some times where maybe you're looking to reach an audience that is not part of your usual cover and you're actually looking to grow the channel in a different direction in which case and I know this is a bit of a stressful annoying thing to do you could consider doing that I think it will make your life down the line when you're actually coming to write it much easier because it actually cuts off the number of choices you have at a given point for how you structure it the language you use again we can come more onto that uh in a moment but um it's certainly an option you have but you should definitely have one for your channel as a whole yeah and when you're doing this what level of depth are you thinking are you naming this person are you talking about their demographic information like when is the Avatar clear enough um I I think it depends I've I well when I worked with Ali I saw for a course that he was launching uh somebody was doing the whole like they have a name they have an exact occupation like all of that stuff I've never tended to go that deep and that may be an error on my part for me it's like just using all the opportunities you have to speak to your audience and constructing an image as best you can just from the responses they they give it's then Gathering all of that information into a notion table or a document or something like that and kind of just piecing together from that who it is that you're talking to I've never gone as far down the road as naming them but that is something that some people prefer to do I just that that to me feels like one step Beyond uh what I need to do I'd rather go on with writing all right so we've got the Avatar dialed in once you have that what's the next step then it's kind of a free-for-all uh in terms of the ideas that you're getting down on the page and this is um the kind of process I follow when I'm writing basically any script it's like a four hat structure and the first hat is what I call the artists where it's free-flowing you're just getting ideas down on the page you don't have to think about the structure you don't have to think about how one thing is going to lead to the next all you really need from all of that is to have figured out what that grand payoff is what the big moment uh that we're going to focus on at the end is what the audience is sticking around for but beyond that it's just what do you instinctively think this video should contain and you just go for it and you don't think that's my favorite how to wear so four hat structure number one artist what's number two the second hat is the architect hat is that a hard hat would they would they wear a hard hat walking around I think so I think that well I don't know that's that's a score of like a construction hat more of a construction hat okay well you know what maybe that works the architect the Constructor however you like to phrase it and that is where you start to flesh out that structure right and that's where from all these ideas that you've got you start to eliminate the ones that you realize aren't going to be super interesting and you figure out the the necessary steps that will build up towards that final payoff and this is a key Point especially when working with clients where you need to basically get that okayed with them because again they'll have had this idea with you you'll have kind of figured out what the framing is going to be but now you need to clarify with them whether or not this is the order of events they want to talk about this is how they had kind of foreseen it in their in their mind so getting that structure dialed in is is part two let's keep going part three the third hat is the writer's hat I don't know what kind of hat a writer wears I I'm not much of a hat wearer myself maybe I need to like commission my own hat I don't know so that's where again you're now starting to expand the bit in between this kind of list that you have right where you've got all the key points that you're going to hit now you're connecting the dots essentially then needs to be something progressing regressing or changing at any point in your script and it can be hard to see this before you sit down and start to really write it out in full and something that I've learned from one of my clients recently is that at the top of the scripts now I'm writing a couple of sentences about what is the goal so the goal either of if it's an entertainment video of the person who's in it doing the thing or if it's something educational what is the goal of the person watching like what do they want and what does success look like then what does failure look like so again entertainment video what does it look like what what is it they do that is bad and takes them away from the goal um sees them regress away from the goal or again if it's the the viewer we're talking about in an educational video it's what other kind of uh obstacles to their success what are the things that they're worried about the objections they might have and then the final the third thing is emotion what emotions might they feel as a result of either the successes or the failures just having that at the top of my script is something I then refer back to constantly so when you're writing the scripts you want to be thinking is anything happening here in this kind of paragraph or this segment of the video are we progressing towards something are we failing away from something or is there some kind of change of emotion going on and again what you're trying to avoid when you're doing all of this is too much task switching so it's kind of again like almost another free-flowing point where you're not thinking too much about retention at this point you're just thinking can I get from A to B to C in a way that makes sense maybe you're thinking of a kind of half form b-roll ideas and visual cues and things that you might want to be be putting in with all of this but again the key thing here is making sure that by the end of your time as the writer you've got the thing that gets you from the start to the finish and that brings you on to the Wizards hat and this is where you now start thinking about the retention stuff and there's I guess a lot of stuff we could talk about here but particularly when it comes to payoffs it's thinking and this is something I do sometimes it is literally going through the video and highlighting every time I think there is a moment where the audience is going to go oh or they feel like they've learned something that they didn't know before going through and highlighting that stuff makes it incredibly visually evident if you have huge sways of the script where the audience isn't learning anything where they necessarily don't know what's coming up next and that's when you can really start to play around with that structure and think okay where are these kind of reveals that I want to put into the script where are these these big moments of emotional release or whatever it is it's hard to be too specific when we could be talking about a tutorial or an entertainment video or whatever it is I really swear by highlighting whatever is payoffs or it could be something else but it helps you get a sense of the visual structure of the script and that's where you can start to rearrange things I think the tendency that I have when I get into script writing is being very literal and almost like maybe too economical you know it's it's very utilitarian especially in the first draft where it's like all right I want to explain this thing to you and if I'm not careful I end up with like uh two minute video because I've just like said everything in the most efficient way possible but I realize it's not actually necessarily helping the viewer because saying something efficiently doesn't mean that it's then heard understood so talk to me about when I'm wearing my writer's hat which I think is where a lot of your specialty comes in and The Wizard as you're saying but I think the writer is where a lot of people are probably struggling the most obviously how does that process look and feel you know I want to understand more about how this looks when you're actually digging in and writing the script yeah so I really like what you said there about um efficiency won't necessarily equal something learned and remembered essentially something really cool that I picked up from somebody that I was doing a one-to-one with uh actually I think I was doing this I was reviewing one of one of their scripts and I actually saw in their notes they had this uh this kind of thing and like uh bold starred uh text it was uh make the audience feel smart and that really stuck with me and that's something that I think about a lot now so with the example you just gave right where you're super efficient and you talk through the video and you're done in two minutes they've got the information that's all well and good but it's not memorable and they haven't had to engage particularly hard to receive that information so something I uh that I see all the time with scripts that need a little work and it's such a simple fix is giving those payoffs a little bit too early and then feeling like to pad the runtime you then have to talk about it more after you've kind of given away what the answer is and that might seem like something you think well I wouldn't do that if I've given away the the answer why would I keep talking about it but you see all the time like listicles are a real Bandit for this where you're like okay 10 things that I can't uh go without when I leave the house and it's like number one my house keys and immediately I'm watching that thinking well I know why your house keys because you need to get back in the house it's easy but then with this sort of lit school you'll see them then say I always have my house keys with me and I always keep them in my pocket because I need to remember where I've kept them so that when I get back to the house later I'm like I I get it I got it like I figured this out 10 minutes ago again not making the audience feel smart you give that payoff a little later and this is again I know you spoke with that about this and this is his real kind of uh zone of Genius is doing something that gives the audience a clue as to what's coming up but without revealing what it is we're going to talk about so he's like the king of YouTube metaphors right um and that was something that was really fun when I was working with him it was was getting to uh come up with really interesting metaphorical ways of explaining things and so as I say the tendency to pad things out there's no point doing it if you've already given the payoff you need to come up with a metaphor uh or give them a kind of interesting route in to the point that you're about to make before making the point and again you can do this really easily literally just switch the order they come in the script ah this is good this reminds me of a video we did on the channel about uh my revenue streams from last year and it's like here the the revenue streams that I put in place those videos a lot of people watching that are probably like just tell me the seven things and I I felt I felt like I needed to have context in between but it was a struggle for like what you're saying context set is additive and useful versus me just trying to pad the runtime that's a good way to think about it this is why I hate reading any article that's written for SEO because they're all this way but why when I think about some of my best work or some of the work that's been received the best it's when I kind of presume Intelligence on the part of the audience and it's having a high level conversation without having to dumb it down much and assuming that people keep up with it you're right in fact I had to the the boxer who was training Michelle karre in that recent video she did and if you've seen this incredible video um that she she made a couple of months ago the the I think it was the the bronze British Olympic boxer from 2008 or whatever was it was the guy who was training her in that video and he actually came to me for a video uh review which I put in my newsletter and I think this is one of the most simple examples of showing how you can like easily switch these things over is he was doing a video about uh like boxing techniques uh if you're a short person fighting a taller person and every time he would be like the technique is this I'm gonna move much closer very quickly and that means I can get a punch in before they even see me and then he would demonstrate it and my suggestion to him was like how how simple is this like you this is a perfect opportunity to show something visually and literally ask the audience like can you see what I'm doing here before then explaining it because that's what we talk about it engages the brain it becomes like a puzzle immediately they're now watching it thinking oh I think is he doing the thing where he moves really quickly so that they can't get a punch in and then he reveals it and you get this little dopamine hit because you're like oh I worked that out I wasn't just giving it on a plate I wasn't told it I had to engage and figure it out and that's just a way more satisfying experience for the viewer this works cross-platform too I realize this is what makes some of Paddy Galloway's threads really good on Twitter is he'll give a little bit of information he'll give like a views or Impressions chart and say why do we think this happened and replies just fill up with people making guesses really really useful to engage the viewer with the content that's that's a really good way of thinking about it yeah is there something you believe to be true it could be related to script writing it could be related to YouTube it could be related related to anything as a Creator something you believe to be true but you do not yet have the data to support I think this is uh something which I would say because my livelihood depends on it but I believe that a lot of channels would benefit from hiring a scriptwriter but I think it's something that hasn't caught on yet as much as getting an editor or a thumbnail designer right most channels that move Beyond a certain point that they're taking themselves seriously they'll end up with an editor or a thumbnail designer pretty soon but a scriptwriter is something that I think the ROI isn't always completely clear and I think it is something that is maybe harder to onboard someone into that role because it's so much about uh voice which is not easy thing to pick up editing style and I'm not an editor so I wouldn't want to get hundreds of angry editors uh coming after me in the night but I feel like you've got such a a clear visual reference for the style that you're trying to to mimic that's something you can start to pick up writing is is a lot more about you have to just spend so much time kind of listening speaking out loud and I literally will sit here and read out loud in the voice of the person I'm trying to write for the script that I've written for them but it's a difficult thing to onboard however the ROI of a writer I think overall is huge whether that is just in a research capacity to save you that upfront time but in having somebody on the team who is specifically devoted to thinking about the nuts and bolts structure of all the stuff in the way that we've spoken about today it it takes a lot of time to sit down and really think through all of this stuff um and I think a lot of teams would benefit from having a writer I think it just comes down to having the patience to onboard somebody and even find somebody because I get this all the time I get asked for recommendations all the time and I don't know who to recommend um because there just aren't that many people that have come out the woodwork yet I got two or three people that I will pass on but I don't know that many people so well that's gonna be my next question is how do we find these people and if if the answer is well it still says a nascent medium or like practice for writers to be YouTube script writers for creators I'm wondering if you have any thoughts around how to find somebody who you think could have the potential to learn this well hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Ollie abdall if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts alright back to the show one thing I've recommended in the past is getting somebody in as a researcher in the first place where they don't have yet the responsibilities of thinking critically in the way that we've been speaking about today about how the video is going to come together but they are thinking about the kind of information that will go into that sort of video and gradually if you uh keep them around for a certain length of time they will just naturally through osmosis start to pick up a little more about how the videos come together in the end so that's it's almost like an apprenticeship I suppose you kind of got them in uh at an earlier level and you you let them learn as they go in terms of places to find I mean YouTube jobs.com is the only kind of Hub that I'm aware of other than Twitter but it is hard it is very hard and all I can say in terms of people that have asked about this for editors is that getting an Editor to share opportunities on their Instagram story or something like that means you're more likely to get a swarm of the right kind of people uh coming to the call but it's it's hard for writers at the moment it is to try and find them we have an unfair advantage of as creators of having distribution or having an audience of people who already know our work it strikes me that it's probably helpful to look within your audience first for people that might be high potential because they'll already have some level of baked in knowledge of your voice and familiarity with it of course if you're trying to do something new and kind of expand beyond what you're doing that might actually be a hindrance but if you're like you know what I want to keep doing what we're doing this is working we have kind of a a platform and a pattern then probably finding someone who's already familiar with their work is is helpful no you're right and actually I've got somebody who is helping me with my script writing course at the moment who is somebody that was reading my newsletter for uh you know six months or so uh who is also a YouTube script writer as it turned out um and she's proven to be invaluable in all of this and all basically what she asked was like hey I'll I'll help you write this this thing um if you're happy for me to just keep it at the end essentially and keep learning from you along the way and that's something that's like super super useful and immediately that's someone who I'm more likely to want to pass on because I'm already getting a sense of of her capabilities so um yeah I think you make a really good point what haven't we covered here in the process so far George I've got the four hat structure we've talked about writing this in a way that engages the viewer and adding some signposts along the way for moving towards a payoff what haven't we touched on here that you think is really important for somebody who's approaching writing their next video script the call to action is is a big one a thread of mine has kind of been doing the rounds again more more recently with the kind of the closest thing to a hack I've ever found for YouTube and obviously carry out that with the fact there are none but there's just a little change in the way that I've started doing my uh call to actions at the end um and I'm talking specifically about trying to get somebody to watch another video that just blasts the channel average uh click through at the end way out the water like pretty much without fail and I've started getting people dming me now with their results using this this exact same thing this feels already exactly like the kind of spam ad you get on uh like a dodgy website where it's like the edge of my seat I'm leaning in what a lot of people do is either they'll spend a lot of the time uh you know thanking the video for watching and all like you want to still be a pleasant human being that's all good I'm not saying we have to dispense with the pleasantries completely but the the sense we give and again this is something that Ed has talked about is that we want to give people the impression the video that there's more to learn but the simple way that I found it breaking this down is a three-step thing so first link and I'm not talking about the URL to a video until looking a link back to something that you've been discussing in this video so that it could seem that you're naturalistically now just building on to another Point based on what you've already been talking about and what the viewer is already there watching the next thing is uh curiosity Gap so you're going to relate something you've already spoken about in this video you're going to open a curiosity Gap based on that thing so the classic is like although you may have understood or you may have enjoyed learning about X you won't be able to properly apply it until you know why and then the final point is the call to action promise so the call to action being so watch this video so that and then you add the promise so that you can achieve whatever it is that they want to achieve so again you're trying to root the emotion in something that they're clearly already interested in because they've watched this video from start to finish this obviously relies on you again picking a video to send them to that is going to be super super relevant but if you can make them feel like something they've watched in this video is incomplete you really widen that Curiosity Gap and get them desperate to know is you have to have to tell them so link curiosity Gap and then the promise slash call to action at the end so you and I were just talking about how to engage the viewer in the video and what you're sharing with them that's actually something that we talked a lot about with Ed on the recent video that we had here so if you're watching this and you're interested in learning more about how to make your videos more interesting and to engage the viewer and storytelling you should watch this video where I interview Ed from filmbooth right here dude that was killer you're a you're a natural [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [76 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play

I added a link to a couple of George's scriptwriting resources to the video description. Check them out!

And if you enjoy this video, a little thumbs up goes a long way. 👍
  2. @StanleyRoubaix [1 likes]: I just facepalmed myself.
The scriptwriter is describing narrarive structure.
I've been following text book structure. Derp.
I should have known having written 2 dozen movies.
😂
  3. @Onmoneyline: This always looks manageable until you realize how much dirt actually builds up in there, and that's just what you can see - American Residential Services handles AC maintenance for situations where it's way worse than expected.
  4. @humanpsychology.C0M: Thank you so much bro for having this person in your broadcast, I got a lots from him and point out all the hearti thing from the vedio in my register. Thank you so much.

And in the last I have one objection sir. Plz make vedios in simple language as simple as possible because we are not too related with English. It take me 3 hours to watch the full vedio in detail for understanding.
  5. @DruckLuc: I wonder how his job changed due to the improvements and rapid adaptation on the AI side..
  6. @RenderWithJeshika-t3i: ankit
  7. @JaridOrgeron: This audio is tough to listen to, his voice is phasing really bad
  8. @TheDigitalLearningConsultant: This was absolutely superb. Feel like I’m getting a degree in YouTube strategy!
  9. @midnatheblackrobe: Idk, I don't like the: what you learned in this video won't be useful without this.

That takes away confidence from the user and leaves them constantly feeling like they need to watch more for what they learn to be useful.

Instead maybe you could do something like: although you learned this and it is useful on its own, it will be even more useful when paired with this skill.
  10. @sooma-ai: George Blackman, a YouTube scriptwriter for top creators, shares his four-hat writing process for creating engaging videos. He explains how to structure scripts with proper payoffs, engage viewers through curiosity, and craft effective calls to action that drive viewers to watch more content.
  11. @irislilly8053: Oh the music in the background at 1:14 is so loud and disturbing.
  12. @risefeedd: Thanks so much
  13. @Muhsin09DailyEnglish: Sir just use chatgpt
  14. @TheTidyHobo: So many nuanced insights in your conversation.  Thanks to both of you!
  15. @Mindsaw: I need a script writer, the perfect camera, the most expensive mic cause sound is everything...Girl farts in a bottle using an Iphone 3 gets 100k views in 3 hours
  16. @StanleyRoubaix: How much is a 15 minute edutainment script? Anyone know?
  17. @MindsetinMomentum: Nice one! thanks
  18. @stephenpearce3880: Just wondering if you think you used the principles preached in this video in the consutruct and editing of this video?
  19. @InsideRazoan: Small creators assemble ❤
  20. @bamboopodcast: I thought this was pewds

- He Watched 50 Hours of MrBeast So You Don’t Have To: Kind: captions Language: en second ad where I highlighted the effort I put into something had a 45 higher click-through rate it's leveraging that exact same bias that Mr Beast uses that's Phil Agnew host of the nudge podcast where he Dives deep into the Behavioral Science of marketing Phil has spent over 50 hours studying Mr B's channel breaking down the psychological hacks that Jimmy uses to hook viewers so that you don't have to this is sort of feeling all of us have to just say oh he just found out along the way what worked and started to do that or he just stumbled upon greatness even if you go way back to his initial videos and watch some of them the videos have started to gain him notoriety we're leveraging a really interesting bias now I think there are three biases in total he uses most commonly so in this episode you'll learn the three psychological biases Mr Beast uses most frequently why they work and how you can apply them to your own videos how did Mr Beast initially get some notoriety he's like pretty well known for being a kid in his house with basically no viewers nothing going on initially so what happened what was the inflection point that he started getting some attention this is sort of feeling all of us have to just say oh he just found out along the way what worked and started to do that or he just stumbled upon greatness you know this is that's the sort of natural thing we think towards these you know because Mr B's now is huge 26 billion views massive business that he's created alongside that as well an absolute giant Creator probably the biggest you could you could think of even if you go way back to his initial videos and and watch some of them you'll actually see that the videos that started to gain him notoriety and popularity were leveraging a really interesting bias a really interesting psychological phenomenon which made us and made viewers value his his videos more now I think there are three biases in total that he uses most commonly but the first one he uses is this bias called input bias this is the idea that the more input we put into something and that can be time or energy or or cost you know the more we pay for something the more World value you it so if you spend fifty dollars on a bottle of wine you'll value that more than if you spent twenty dollars on the same bottle of wine if you spend 50 hours painting a portrait you'll value your own portrait more than if you spent 50 minutes doing it for example there's a really interesting study on this um and it's it's on the most boring subject imaginable but basically two researchers back in 2003 they asked people to watch a presentation on electronic Inc and then another presentation on optical switches now I'm not going to repeat the presentation for you here to say because I don't want to talk about electronic ink and Optical switchboard presentation was pretty dull however however in the presentation they changed one thing each time so they either said the ink presentation took 8 hours and 34 minutes to prepare or they said the ink presentation took 37 minutes to prepare what they essentially found was that when the presentation took longer to prepare when people were told it took long to prepare they valued it far far higher so we value things more when we understand the effort that's gone into it which is why when I started my episode on Mr Beast I told my listeners I've studied Mr Beast for 50 hours because that would make people value the the research I had done more so that's this input bias this is this world of input bias now how did Mr Beast apply it well one of his very first viral videos was him cutting a table so one of these tables that you would take to a car boot if you're here in the UK or to the beach if you're in the states or to a park he's cutting one of these sort of thick plastic tables with a with a knife and it takes him days it quite clearly takes some days you can see in the video it is cut down to three minutes you can see he's wearing different clothes it takes him loads of time he needs to pull his brother in this is a very dull video with him cutting a table I have a knife and yet it got a bit of Engagement it's now got 3.5 million views but it got him views initially as well it's because he's showing effort there's effort and time that's been sunk into that it's pretty vast it's not much value like those Optical switches presentations but there's effort there he then went on to read the world's longest word in the English language now that took him two hours to do and that's a full length two-hour video that has 30 million views he said Logan Paul a hundred thousand times that took him 17 hours and it's got 21 million views so these challenges which clearly take him a lot of time they end up being valued a little bit more highly and I'll share one more example to Showcase how this works because it's a test I've run so I I unashamedly want people to listen to my show and so I often create Reddit ads to try and get people to listen and I created two Reddit ads with two different lines of copy the first line said this was my end of year showers mathematics said learn six memorable less marketing lessons with nudge the podcast that simplifies the science behind great marketing and then I had an input bias or a Mr Beast version which said I've spent 480 minutes listening to marketing experts over the past year here are the six best lessons I've heard and that second ad where I highlighted the effort I'd put into something had a 45 45 higher click-through rate and drove you know thousands more listeners to that episode than I was promoting and it's leveraging that exact same bias that Mr Beast uses he showcases the effort he puts into something and people value his videos more so good I see this on Twitter all the time too where it's like I study the top 2500 accounts on Twitter and here's what they all have in common and the cynical part of me a lot of times I see that I'm like no you didn't or there's some some cheap way where you feel like you can ethically claim that you did but really it's like taking some other existing aggregated data but no less those things do well that's why they propagate that's why we see them I wonder why that is I wonder if that's like we almost feel fomo if we pass up this opportunity to get 50 hours of research in the form of a 30-minute podcast or I guess it is just it is just value we we assume that all that time in means that you've really crystallized distilled the most important bits yeah unfortunately the actual end product doesn't seem to matter it doesn't matter if somebody's actually spent 50 hours on that tweet you're talking about there's another example with kayak so the the online search engine for flights when they show a loading wheel just a plain loading wheel and check people see the results people rank how they see the results and they give them a rank and then have a drink but sometimes they don't show a loading wheel and they'll actually show the system searching for every single Airline Delta United Qantas and share it actually looking for every Airline you're not in your head because you've probably seen this casino yeah that test won and people were far more likely to Value the results more highly when it saw the effort it was putting in and there's one important point there which is if you see the effort that's going into it rather than just being told it takes 50 hours you do value it more and I think that's where Mr Beast you know really hit on something he didn't just say I've cut a table in half he showed people doing it he didn't just say I've read every number up until a hundred thousand he actually recorded himself doing it and I think that builds a level of trust which made people value his videos more so that's how Mr B's got his initial notoriety a lot of people know Mr Beast now as giving away huge sums of money and that was new and took off you know it's been copied a lot now but why why did that do so well this is the the premise of basically in Behavioral Science it's known as costly signaling and it essentially means the more money the more it could be effort as well but mainly the more money you spend to communicate something the more someone will pay attention to that communication so it's why a TV ad is typically more persuasive than a Twitter ad even if they both show a 30 second video it's why a proposal to your partner will be more more likely to be to get a yes answer if you say a Michelin star restaurant then if you ask your partner at a Burger King please don't propose to your partner at a Burger King they do well unless you want to test this out and then let me and Jay know how it is I would love for the content test yes please please just do that for the content so I've I've tested this out myself um for nudge I ran in a test where I basically showed a image of a nudge ad and the image either showed the nudge ad which was just a simple sort of 4x16 card talked about why you should listen to nudge and then I showed another group of people that same image but superimposed on a billboard and when I asked these people on Google surveys would you be listening willing to listen to this podcast people were two times more likely to listen if it had been pictured on the billboard again it's the same content but the fact that it looks like I've spent more money to promote it made people two times more likely to to to basically listen Mr Beast is using a lot of this bias in his own way so he's constantly basically spending or showcasing spending an awful lot on his video so he gives away Lamborghinis he spent Millions recreating Charlie in the Chocolate Factory and gave the the winner I think hundreds of thousands and he spent four million famously talked a lot about how he spent four million to recreate the squid games that was that was a huge part of his more recent success and this seems irrational Mr Beast last year made 54 million dollars he spent 48 million dollars on creating his videos and he's very public about how he spends that that seems irrational if I had made that much money I would definitely feel this temptation to bank a little bit more than the 6 million that he banked you know you're making a lot of money you don't need to invest this much you don't need to give away half a million to the winner of your squid games you could give away 50k and it would still be good but he understands that the more he gives away the more money he spends to create his videos the more money that people can see he's investing the more they will value them and the more they're likely to share and the model the more likely they are to hit the trending tab on YouTube and I think by on understanding that that principle of costly signaling Mr Beast is now in this cycle where he's very difficult to catch up with because he is spending more than anyone else he is able to invest more than anyone else and he's sort of ridden this way for so long now that he really is the standout Creator on YouTube getting a huge volume of views almost unmatched and it's it's mainly down to this principle of costly signaling after a quick break Phil and I dig deeper into costly signaling and how you can leverage it in your own creative work so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor you screen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an on-demand catalog of Premium video content a new screen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a you screen account you get video hosting and out of the box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of third-party Integrations too a new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required u-screen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you how can we use costly signaling in our day-to-day I'm trying to think of ways that I can do this you give the example of the billboard in your case I think in some ways the experiments I run is a little bit of both you know because like you said costly signaling could be an effort as well but if we if we if we save the effort for like the input bias idea is there a way to show costly signaling without being like independently wealthy you know is that something that we can leverage without having just a ton of money to command so I would say you do it really well Jay for those watching video if if you are watching on video you'll see two very different video setups one rubbish one fantastic come on to the rubbish one Chase is fantastic and there's value in doing that by creating such a nice setup you are showcasing that you've invested a lot to create this show that you you you're clearly putting a lot of your time and effort and money into it and that makes people value it more when people see a slow-mo ad this is a study from last year by a researcher called Sinjin when people see a slow-mo ad they are 11 more likely to to want to buy the product in the ad and I think that is down for to the fact that they know filming in slow-mo is just a lot more expensive and if you watch a slo-mo ad you realize okay this must be a good product because the people behind it have spent a lot of money to to film it and I think you're doing the same with your with your film set up but you could also say that you're doing the same with your website really clean crisply designed website Beauty beautiful imagery same with your social posts as well it's a really interesting study from Ogilvy who talk about it in that I think it's their annual report from two years ago they worked with a charity and they they love nudges at Ogilvy they tried eight different nudges to try and get people to give more to the charity the thing that encouraged people to give the most was not social proof was not the input bias was not any of these other principles I'm going to talk to today it was just printing the letter on a nicer piece of card a nicer letter so a nicer bit of paper and just by doing that they're showcasing oh you know that we're a serious charity investing in us and the money will go far and I think that's ways that we can apply this ourselves as creators just just showcasing the effort you're putting into your work showcasing them the money that you've spent on on creating your Channel or your content will make people value it more I love that I think that's an opportunity for every Creator to to show a little bit more of the behind the scenes of what it took to make the thing you know both in effort and in cost those are very low coercive means to compel people to care you know you're not like hey care about this because I'm doing this but by just showing hey this is something I'm really interested in something I'm putting a lot of effort into check out how I did this or check out what else we're doing I mean my wife's doing it right now for a birthday party she's planning we're doing like a 90s themed birthday party and she's buying Tamagotchi she's buying all this 90s candy I went and got like a vintage sweater we're talking about with our friends and people are getting more and more excited as we're talking about all the things all the stops we're pulling out to make this 90s birthday party uh really interesting and I think that's something that most creators don't do they just show up once a week and like here's this finished thing I made and it doesn't get the the viewer the consumer as invested in it they don't know how much to weigh how seriously to take it and you can see how these two biases link as well of course you can see you know input bias is about effort costly signalings about sort of money and investment if you are spending a lot of time creating some it's just really valuable to highlight that you know here's another example actually I think that costly signaling could apply to opportunity cost in some ways too like my my membership the lab a lot of people talk about it for the reason that I have a cap on it I have a wait list of 50 plus people who want to join the lab but I cast it at 200 people so people see that and they say you're you're crazy like that's a whole lot of Revenue you're saying no to that's another way to do costly signaling right I think that's one of the most perfect applications of this bias I think it's it's and it's for lots of different reasons as well because you've got costly singling you've got a bit of scarcity in there too which makes people value it more but it reminds me of Patagonia and Patagonia famously refused to sell their sweaters to employees of firms that do damage to the environment so this included oil companies including some finance companies some mining companies and this seems irrational just like you Jay you know limiting the amount of people who can buy your product not only will that just cut your Revenue but it'll also make people surely less likely to want to buy the product like right like why would I why would I want to buy patagonia's tops if they might not even sell it to me or I don't bother trying why would I want to join Jay's course if I'm not even sure if there's any entrances left but when you understand costly signaling when you realize that actually the cost incurred will make people value it more I am more likely to want to pasagonia sweater if I know other companies can't do bulk purchases and buy a load for there because it's because it's something that's harder to get and clearly it must be high quality because Patagonia are willing to forego Revenue just to stand up for their own values for them that's values around you know companies that do cruelty to the world for you it's values around making a really good really really good community and I can trust that your community is is high quality because you set that cap because you're not trying to milk it for as much revenue as it can get so help me marry this then with something else Mr Beast famously does which is record in lower quality video than he could afford right like he could do 4K he could do 8K but he will come out and say that he doesn't want to record in that high of quality video so how does that work in his favor because it could be costly signaling if he said I'm going to get red cameras I'm gonna do the best possible equipment out there exactly and you and you know the achieved listeners out there might have might have been thinking this might have been thinking hold on how can he be benefiting from costly signaling giving away hundreds of thousands whilst also clearly not investing in the highest quality camera and he said this before he says you know obviously I've spent more on camera equipment than most YouTubers and yet I don't record in anything above 1080p which is pretty much the bare minimum so why doesn't he do this this is for me the final bias that Mr Beast benefits from which is a bias essentially known as the contrast effect or juxtaposition you don't expect a 24 year old American to have millions of dollars to give away every week you don't expect someone dressed in a T-shirt and joggers to own dozens of Lamborghinis and because you don't that because Mr Beast breaks your expectations he is therefore more watchable he's more likable as one adjacent study done by David Eagleman back in 2007 which sort of sort of highlights this bias so he showed a bunch of participants images very very quick images about 300 milliseconds flash them up on screen and eight of the images were of an alarm clock so you see an alarm clock flashed up on screen but interjected there was one image of a brown shoe and both of those items are pretty they're not very memorable you know but the brown shoe was judged to have been shown by the participants when they asked how long did these images appear which one did you think appeared for longer they all appeared actually at the same for the same amount of time but when asked the brown shoe was judged to have been shown for 12 percent longer and this basically means that unique contrasting things stick in our mind and Mr Beast is sort of benefiting from the same bias he's breaking our conventions and he's sticking in our mind because of it when I did my episode on on Mr Beast I thought well I really want to test this myself I want to see if I can create some contrast that will make people more likely to want to keep watching a video in Mr Beast case so in my case it was to get people to keep reading so I did another Google survey ad oh no sorry another Google survey where I showed 100 group of Americans a blurb for a story and I need to apologize Jay because the story is is really awful it was before chat GPT I couldn't get it to ride it for me but the blurb is it's the best I could come up with the first um blurb said man breaks into a CIA database and uncovers a secret this secret reveals how every American election since the turn of the century has been rigged the second group of 100 Americans showed the same was shown the same story except there was a little bit of juxtaposition a little bit of contrast so rather than saying a man breaks into a CIA database it said a 12 year old 12 year old boy breaks into a CIA database and contrast Works people were 24 more likely to want to keep reading the story with a bit of juxtaposition with the 12 year old boy versus the control that's what Mr Beast benefits from him by being uh you know just an average American with a no offense Mr Beast average haircut average fashion sense just one of the boys as he likes to call himself we're we're more inclined to actually watch his videos where he's doing all these incredible things because as that layer of trust because there's that intriguingness that juxtaposition that gets us wondering oh it's really impressive how he's able to do this now this this is probably not not relevant for really loyal fans I think they just end up liking him for that this is relevant for people who maybe just discover Mr Beast and that's really the important ones because they're the ones these are the people he's attracting they discover him they think how is he doing this they watch his videos and then they become fans yeah let's double click on that because I this is something that I see all the time and you know I was I was first aware of this with Seth godin's book Purple Cow you know the the premise of purple cow is how do you stand out and gain attention because of it so two things I want to say here one it's it's almost I would guess more important to stand out visually quickly than to stand out after somebody starts tuning in you know like the quicker you can stand out the more you're gonna get new attention versus loyalty I had cat cat Norton known as Mystic cell on Tick Tock come on the show and like one of her first tick tocks ever went Mega viral because of somebody dancing with like a pivot table above their head from Excel like that's just very odd there's contrast there's juxtaposition and it plays through like everything you know the more you the more you get attuned to good design the more you understand the importance of contrast in what is aesthetically pleasing you know and so it's just I feel like it's grain ingrained into us that we seek out and appreciate and like feel almost soothed and Curious by contrast and juxtaposition so I love I love this one I give one bit of advice just for the listeners because it's tempting to hear this to hear what we're both saying here and think oh I just need to be different I just need to create vastly different videos if I want to be a YouTuber a vastly different product podcast and that's actually the wrong takeaway it can it's good to have a bit of Distinction and differentiation because that'll help you stand out capture attention but you don't want to be completely different this Excel isn't completely different she's using familiar you know memes people dancing and combining them with something new Excel and that combination of newness and sameness is actually what really what we really like we like to see someone who looks like us in Mr Beast that's the sameness doing something brand new giving away Lamborghinis it's a brilliant book called Blind site the authors talk about this in this book and they talk about this wonderful example of the Spotify for you playlist so all of us know this playlist yes I love the story so do you know this story you tell it I'm gonna steal it off you sorry listeners if you've had this before when they launched the for you playlist it only contained brand new music and they thought it would be a huge success because this is what the Spotify users had been crying out for they want us to access new music they want something new so they created the for you playlist and it contained all new music based on your listening habits but all new and it was a bit of a flop people didn't use it anywhere near as much as they expected and then one day the engineers made a mistake rather than just sharing unique brand new music to listeners they actually mixed the playlist the four you knew music playlist with all of your most popular most listened to songs so now the playlist was this combination of brand new music and the music that you love the most so combination of newness and sameness and that combination of newness and sameness was what people loved this is the playlist that people actually saved this is the playlist people actually listen to this is the playlist that if you're like me you you regularly tune into because you know you're going to like the music on that not because it's completely unique and completely different but because it's that mix of newness and sameness and Mr Beast has benefited from this by being a familiar average American looking like just one of the boys but doing things that are completely unique and Spotify benefited from this in their discover weekly playlist I've heard this defined as Maya there's acronym A m-a-y-a most advanced yet acceptable this idea of we need some familiarity with the thing to feel comfortable but it's the it's the novelty within the familiarity that makes us say oh this is really different and unique like it's not actually really different and unique it's just not completely familiar it break something from it yeah okay well have we have we missed any major Mr Beast psychological tactics hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Ali abdall if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts alright back to the show I think those are the three that are most unique to Mr Beast can you recap them a combination of input bias so just showcasing pure effort he's putting into the videos cutting a table in half that's how he went viral with costly signaling so clearly spending a huge amount of money to create these videos 48 million of 48 million dollars that he he spent last year he only made 52 million something like that and then the contrast effect so despite spending all this money still looking like one of the guys still just looking like an average American URI could be friends with you know just that feeling of familiarity this that sameness yet newness and I think those three are most unique to Mr peace lots of other people as well but they're most unique to him he does a number of other things as well but I think these are common across most creators so for example he he uses loss aversion a lot now loss aversion is this idea that we feel losses are more painful than equivalent gains so you will feel worse than if you lose 100 pounds then you would feel good if you gained 100 pounds Mr Beast plays on this by essentially continuously telling people to subscribe and if you don't subscribe you might miss out on the chance of winning 10 grand or being part of the video or winning a Lamborghini he regularly shows people who have subscribed getting that chance and then occasionally even shows people asks them or load up your phone and let me see if you subscribe to the channel and if they don't they won't get the chance of winning that money until he plays on that but a lot of people do that and in videos where it's a challenge where it's like hey the last person to leave this circle or take their hand off the car he'll go up and say here's ten thousand dollars right now that you can have if you drop out of the thing then the people run this math of this is now a bird in the hand and I got this car in the bush over here like which one do I want to Value more they feel that loss aversion there of like well this is just offered to me I could have this this now feels like something that is mine yeah that plays in in multiple ways it makes good content and then there's one other thing he does but everybody does it you do it Jay as well which is we Inspire curiosity so this is principle known as The Curiosity gap which is if you give just enough information to get people interested but then don't reveal the full story people are more likely to keep watching listening reading than if you if you tell the whole story the best example of this comes from Shakespeare a lot of the stories he was writing were stories that had been around for Generations they've been around long before him Hamlet had been a story in The Ether before Shakespeare rewrote it the change Shakespeare made was to remove a lot of the character descriptions which are usually spoken about you know in length at the start of the play so you deeply understand the characters he removed those descriptions and and didn't tell people the full story he gave them just enough information to get them hooked but not enough for them to really know if Hamlet was insane or just playing a game and today Mr Beast is using the exact same bias as one of his videos I think the one that she uses as modern Elio's is where he's tied up or he's tied up an FBI agent and within the first five second of the video he explains that the FBI agent has to untie himself has to chase him across the country and beat him to a stadium where they're where they're where they're going to and he and he builds this up really really quickly within five seconds and then starts and all of that is to basically Inspire curiosity the more curiosity can Inspire the more likely people are to keep listening keep watching keep reading quick plug for episode 125 of the show with Jake Thomas who taught us how to write great YouTube titles using the Curiosity Gap and I find that the more I try to get good at the art of writing YouTube titles the more I realize this isn't just about YouTube this is a packaging question that applies to email subject lines or applies to uh podcast titles it applies to the first line of the post you're writing on LinkedIn you know when you do this curiosity Gap it can be so impactful one question I have for you Phil is if I'm listening to this and I haven't studied psychology or social sciences at all I'm hearing this and I'm interested but now it feels like man I've got a study this whole thing because I'm starting at zero do you think intuitively people have some sense of some of these nudges as you call them and and do them without thinking about it this is the wonderful thing about learning about nudges is that you you'll read a lot of these studies and you'll you'll be like oh yeah I understand that I recognize that I felt that way when when I was in this scenario or yeah I realized that my partner made that decision when I spoke to them in that way and I and I talked about the hours I'd spent preparing this meal and they did value the meal more and basically you'll find yourself nodding away and you'll think yeah oh I understand this the benefit you'll get from studying Behavioral Science and nudges isn't necessarily learning something you completely didn't know before there are examples of that but it won't always happen the real benefit you'll get is is this understanding of how humans make decisions and vernacular and vocabulary to talk about how humans make decisions and you'll get a framework upon which you can test different nudges so you can say well today let me try out the labor illusion or the input bias and okay maybe next I'll try out the contrast effect and then I can see which works better in my emails announcing my new products or perhaps I'll try costly signaling I'll try and do I'll try and do an ad or if I'm posting an image maybe I should superimpose that on a billboard what learning these biases allows you to do is to not just intuitively know them but to know them so well that you can think of lateral ways to apply them Mr Beast let's be honest as a as a as a 20 year old was very unique in deciding to give away his first brand deal he got given 10 grand by a brand and he decided I'm going to go give that to a homeless person it's very unique in doing that it's brilliant that he did and it boosted his virality and made him more popular but now if you understand how costly signaling works if you work at a company and suggests that you give away a bunch of money to to to a charity and and then make some content around it rather than that just seeing like a rogue decision rather than that seeming a bit random and and unthought through you can talk about costly signaling and say no this actually might make people value us more and you're probably more likely to actually influence your boss and get them to try something like that out foreign thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @cacdcompendium [3 likes]: i love his voice and his rithm. Great talk, Jay!
  2. @AbroadInThailand [2 likes]: This interview is gold 🥇👍
  3. @selective_yt [2 likes]: This is not THE reason he's so successful, but A reason. There are elements of challenge in his stories, novelty, money, social interactions, emotional engagement, and much more.

Using costly signaling is just one of the methods to *increase* the appeal, but ultimately it's decided by the topic. But even then the costly signaling is not the best method to increase appeal, there are value signaling ("will make you rich", "will relieve your pain"), fear signaling ("how this guy almost died", "i regret doing this"), personalization/relevance ("tornado in Oklahoma", "tips for moms with jobs"), personification ("how I did something", "my experience with something"), storification ("the one time a teen hacked CIA", "history of the richest family"), exaggeration, novelization, so on and so on.

There are basic human needs, say if we take Maslow's pyramid as an example - physiological needs, safety needs, love and belonging, esteem, self-actualization, and these needs drive high interest in the topics, and the lower in the pyramid the wider the audience and more intense the interest for it.
  4. @Dancing_Alone_wRentals [2 likes]: This was great fun, I'm new here 8/23.   Listening was a kin to hearing someone speak of research that was done on nutrition.
tHanks for the video
(One day, researchers will study why my channel is so bad.......How I manage that secret).
  5. @calculatormaster [2 likes]: Hey man why people aren't subscribing your channel?
  6. @dranipani [1 likes]: I spent 30 minutes thinking before I did this comment.
Just checking...
  7. @virtualtourmaps [1 likes]: Your channel is way underated.❤
  8. @adyanknx [1 likes]: Try changing the title slightly to "He Analyzed 50 Hours of MrBeast Videos So You Don’t Have To"
  9. @videopipeline6419 [1 likes]: @ 3:23 'One of his very first viral videos was him cutting a table with a plastic knife'  ...which is strong evidence of the maturity/mentality of his target audience.
  10. @lynae777 [1 likes]: Great video great questions and valuable answers
  11. @Dancing_Alone_wRentals [1 likes]: tHanks for the video....looking forward to the sounds
I'm glad you mentioned the podcast, I didn't know of it.     I've shifted from watching YouTube to listening with headphones where ever possible.
  12. @Chacau1: -Esforço
-agir como se o produto tivesse muito valor
-contraste da visão do publico sobre o assunto
-quanto mais rapido se destacar, mais atenção nova você recebe(não é se diferenciar completamente, precisa ter uma familiaridade de elementos/novidades com semelhanças)
-revele o suficiente para gerar curiosidade sem revelar a história. (quanto mais inspirar curiosidade, mais as pessoas vão ficar)
  13. @davidchung1697: I don't know if it requires research studies to figure out: (1) people watch videos that took time, money, effort, and skill to make; (2) people watch relatable things. We all knew this. 

We all knew this ... or did we?
  14. @WowKittyMeowCat: I want to watch mr beast and be my own beast 😂
  15. @familywhispersnancyaya: I have watched this over 10 times ....this hot 🔥 . I am starting a new channel in this account and new mr beast is coming up
  16. @VioletEmerald: I know you interviewed Jenny Hoyos but I'm feeling like this channel is very skewed towards interviewing men. I didn't care but now that i think about it I'd love it if you interviewed a few more women. I feel kinda out of place as a female YouTuber when all the advice is skewed towards the male creator perspective. There tends to be a slightly different set of priorities and differences emotional weights to aspects of things. Possibly different challenges as well based on slight differences in how genders approach things. It doesn't have to be the focus for these things to still show up on subtle ways if you read between the lines.
  17. @branchyapple: 20:06 more like 6% and not 24%?
  18. @randywstover: I proposed to my wife as Pizza Hut 😅, we have now been married 19 years ...
  19. @videopipeline6419: @1:27 "an absolute giant creator..." ...of totally frivolous videos (e.g.: examples given at @3:26) that appeal to a certain demographic group that thinks running a train into a pit is an "experiment" (actual viewer comments to a recent video)  But hey, any ad views are good ad views, right?
  20. @MariuszStankiewicz: This channel is goldmine.

- BOY vs GIRL Gymnastics & Strength Challenge ft/ Royalty Family: Kind: captions Language: en today my daughter challenges ferran&nbsp; from the royalty family to 10 rounds&nbsp;&nbsp; of a strength oh fitness&nbsp; and gymnastics competition plus an epic game of hide and&nbsp; seek to see who is the champion&nbsp;&nbsp; 11 year old let's go baby the loser will&nbsp; get a messy consequence hidden behind the&nbsp;&nbsp; mystery door first round push-ups 30 seconds&nbsp; whoever does more win one two three you got to get down there get your chest&nbsp; down oh oh he took a break oh you could have&nbsp;&nbsp; had it you could have had it five seconds&nbsp; keep going come on that doesn't come out is now sabotaging her everybody this&nbsp; is a fixed thing it's over 30 seconds&nbsp;&nbsp; she came out he totally sabotaged her&nbsp; round one the winner and there was a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of home court advantage&nbsp; there round one first let's go baby&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm gonna win this thing because i'm an 11 year&nbsp; old competitive gymnast i train four hours a&nbsp;&nbsp; day this kid is going down i'm gonna win this&nbsp; challenge because i have home court advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; you each have one minute to find a prop and then&nbsp; i take a photo and we can let instagram judge&nbsp;&nbsp; whose wins one two three go follow me follow me&nbsp; follow me where is everything so we're in here&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about the consequence at the end and&nbsp; look what the kids are doing you know they're&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to listen to our conversation these two&nbsp; are so competitive no one wants to lose because&nbsp;&nbsp; the consequence is going to be so good what are&nbsp; you looking for i don't know can't find anything&nbsp;&nbsp; will my laptop work oh i've got an&nbsp; idea ah ferran you got 10 seconds&nbsp;&nbsp; watch this got it it would be cool if we got a&nbsp; shot of you in the air as if you're all standing&nbsp;&nbsp; on this it's gonna fall okay that's nice if you&nbsp; say yes you can sit up straight and hold the back&nbsp;&nbsp; ah nope oh that would have been&nbsp; perfect though so close go oh&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like i'm wrong oh my god oh my god i&nbsp; was kind of counting on salish she's winning&nbsp;&nbsp; this round i am i'm still gonna win but you got&nbsp; yourself a challenge girl are you ready for this&nbsp;&nbsp; all right for the contest i'm not gonna photoshop&nbsp; that but then i'm gonna send it to kellen's world&nbsp;&nbsp; and you are going to love what he does yeah&nbsp; don't go on thinking you're so cool or whatever&nbsp;&nbsp; it's way better than ferran's because i mean it's&nbsp; just more realistic you gotta help ferran right&nbsp;&nbsp; cause she helped you fine i want you to put&nbsp; the cheetos in her toe it will make pretend&nbsp;&nbsp; this is a cheetos ad yes right there nice yes&nbsp; i can do that all right let's see what you got&nbsp;&nbsp; that's not quite the same thing but it's better&nbsp; than i thought you would do we put it out the&nbsp;&nbsp; instagram and the winning photo is salish&nbsp; yeah that was kind of not fair because you know&nbsp;&nbsp; it's his followers he's got it right there you&nbsp; know okay anyway the people voted the people&nbsp;&nbsp; voted i'm out of here i sent both of these photos&nbsp; to kellen's world and he worked some magic check&nbsp;&nbsp; it out if you guys really want to get two iphone&nbsp; 13s i mean it's super brand new we don't even&nbsp;&nbsp; have our hands on it yet all you guys got to&nbsp; do is subscribe to both channels jordan matter&nbsp;&nbsp; and the royalty family and then like this video&nbsp; and comment done next round is a race first kid&nbsp;&nbsp; to get all four glasses full to the finish line&nbsp; wins this challenge rock paper scissors shoot&nbsp;&nbsp; that was only for the color of the glasses&nbsp; if you spill the glass you have to refill it&nbsp;&nbsp; in the pool and keep going you got to&nbsp; do ten spins one two three go one two&nbsp;&nbsp; three ten the race begins now go&nbsp; ferran is already spilling oh boy&nbsp;&nbsp; salish go fill it up say hurry fill it&nbsp; fill it go that looks like it's really hard&nbsp;&nbsp; oh no you got oh no i didn't even touch&nbsp; it replay that that was not you touched&nbsp;&nbsp; it salish take your time he doesn't even&nbsp; have a glass this isn't gonna count oh no&nbsp;&nbsp; salish get across yes you touched&nbsp; it though you touched mine replay it did i touch it no i didn't i got in your face&nbsp; but i didn't cheat that's cheating they're&nbsp;&nbsp; saying my dad cheated but i totally won that on&nbsp; my own let's go that round goes to salish matter&nbsp;&nbsp; next round is a race in the pool first one&nbsp; to get there and back wins this round i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna win this because i've been swimming since&nbsp; i was six months old uh i never swim by the way&nbsp;&nbsp; i didn't mention it but you're both doing doggy&nbsp; paddles what that's so unfair one two three go yeah what what hold on is that doggy&nbsp; paddle salish come on you're giving&nbsp;&nbsp; up you cut you you got to get back&nbsp; salish hurry hurry stop him stop him sandy replay the underwater footage&nbsp; i don't think that was doggy paddle&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah i guess it was he's getting&nbsp; an early lead i'm concerned what yo i'm so proud of you according to famous birthdays these are the two&nbsp; most popular 11 year olds on the planet so we are&nbsp;&nbsp; going to do a famous birthdays challenge can you&nbsp; guess the birthday of the famous person first kid&nbsp;&nbsp; to get three right wins this round and if they get&nbsp; an answer wrong they have to drink pickle juice&nbsp;&nbsp; addison ray 26 20 and you each have to sip pickle juice&nbsp;&nbsp; abby lee miller do you have any idea who abby lee&nbsp; miller is Rebecca zamolo gets it right&nbsp;&nbsp; it's piper Rochelle 13 they both lost it's&nbsp; 14. billy eilish 30 18. for this next round&nbsp;&nbsp; since they have no idea about birthday whoever&nbsp; gets closest wins the next round brent rivera no no that's david dobrik and there's&nbsp; a guy who goes also david dobrik one&nbsp;&nbsp; two three five seven he's twenty-three&nbsp; you're closer a goal to them two nothing 12 you're right on it is now two&nbsp; to one mr beast oh jimmy 21 27 he's see we didn't get stuck we're good arm wrestle one round if your elbow comes off the&nbsp; table you automatically forfeit arms together you&nbsp;&nbsp; have to hold hands here what no no yes why is that&nbsp; weird the whole hand yeah you gotta lock finger no&nbsp;&nbsp; cause you've got you've got this i wasn't even&nbsp; trying no no no no no no you you just don't want&nbsp;&nbsp; to hold okay i stopped no no no no no my arm is&nbsp; why are you please stop stop i didn't say go okay&nbsp;&nbsp; you guys are driving me crazy one two three&nbsp; this this is even oh my gosh oh yeah whoa if your arm comes up you automatically lose this round goes to salish matter i was gonna win okay if you think this is competitive&nbsp; you gotta go check out the royalty&nbsp;&nbsp; family channel after this video because&nbsp; they did a last to leave the pool here&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was crazy we are not doing a challenge&nbsp; this time you guys could earn ten dollars&nbsp;&nbsp; if you can recreate this pose oh easy but the top&nbsp; takes way more stomach strength so i'll be the top&nbsp;&nbsp; don't point your toes flat three two one&nbsp; try again i'll be the bottom okay ready okay big smile go oh again you got 10 seconds go oh wow&nbsp;&nbsp; let's go do you want to go double or nothing&nbsp; if you can't do this pose you lose the 10 bucks&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do it you get 20 bucks each oh you've got&nbsp; 90 seconds to recreate you're not 90 not 90 no 99 okay you're on his ankles that's good&nbsp; straighten your arms ready set go yes oh my god good work 20 bucks each real real&nbsp; money wait where's jordan next round hide and seek&nbsp;&nbsp; what they each get two minutes they have&nbsp; a vlog camera and whoever i find first&nbsp;&nbsp; loses one two three go let's go let's go baby&nbsp; oh my god oh my god i don't even know where i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going i don't know where to hide this is really&nbsp; unfair because this is ferran's like house so i&nbsp;&nbsp; do not know where to go my gosh i have to win&nbsp; this maybe i could hide in there somewhere can i&nbsp;&nbsp; fit in any of these actually never mind i can't&nbsp; do this no oh my gosh let's climb up the slide&nbsp;&nbsp; there's not really anything to hide in scrap&nbsp; that let's go 55 54. he said we could hide&nbsp;&nbsp; in the front yard this is so scary i really don't&nbsp; want to lose you guys i want to try to get up here okay right now we're hiding on top of this&nbsp; big how many feet is that probably like&nbsp;&nbsp; about seven feet guys does that look secure enough&nbsp;&nbsp; if we just sit down right here i think this&nbsp; is a perfect spot let's go i'm scared i gotta&nbsp;&nbsp; be quiet now three two one ready or not here&nbsp; i come i don't know where to begin with this&nbsp;&nbsp; okay if i was an 11 year old kid a little girl&nbsp; maybe who can do contortion i would hide myself i kind of thought she would be in this pillow&nbsp; maybe over here okay guys i'm coming after you okay is she back here wow okay what about him if i was a 11 year old boy i would hide&nbsp; in here that would have been a good spot&nbsp;&nbsp; okay oh you know what there's the whole front he's&nbsp; gone that was so scary he was right below me look&nbsp;&nbsp; he was right under there all right&nbsp; let's see i'm good i'm good whoa&nbsp;&nbsp; nice jeep by the way you know piper&nbsp; has a jeep royalties i want a jeep&nbsp;&nbsp; with like my name on it that would&nbsp; be kind of cool sandy let's do that&nbsp;&nbsp; no that's i'm not gonna do it they're cool i'm&nbsp; not cool like i couldn't pull that off they can&nbsp;&nbsp; ah oh my god are you kidding me oh my gosh you&nbsp; were right there i think you found ferran where's&nbsp;&nbsp; salish salish you won where are you right here&nbsp; whoa i would have like literally never found you&nbsp;&nbsp; is this a good hiding spot or what&nbsp; this is huge right now three two one you gotta hit you're three in a row&nbsp; we don't have much time hit free to&nbsp;&nbsp; roll you gotta hit you got one second stick anyway i won so easy let's go on to the next you got&nbsp; the good side it is now time for the final round&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to both channels and comment below&nbsp; if you want to win those iphone 13 blindfolded&nbsp;&nbsp; dodgeball i can dodge their blindfold first&nbsp; kid to hit me wins oh he's gonna get this&nbsp;&nbsp; ball straight to his face hit him right in the&nbsp; jaw this is a test to make sure they can't see&nbsp;&nbsp; can't see i want you guys to&nbsp; spin in two circles when i say go&nbsp;&nbsp; they go are you guys ready one two three&nbsp; go did i hit anybody if you hit it you know&nbsp;&nbsp; come get me i'm over here i'm over here come on&nbsp; what do you got what do you got you got nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; did i hit you no nobody's hit&nbsp; me yet come on rip oh no come on oh no salish just hit me wait i did you won that&nbsp; car the mystery consequence is a pie in the face&nbsp;&nbsp; just get it over here just get it over&nbsp; with like nailing okay go get him what&nbsp;&nbsp; yes thank you so much i want you to&nbsp; all subscribe to the royalty we out

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordanmatter [6600 likes]: Tay Vlog won the iPhone 13 so she can make even better vlogs ❤️❤️ Congrats Tay!
  2. @Jay-u1t9h [1 likes]: DONE 👍✅✅✅✅✅👍👍👍👍👍👍✅✅✅✅✅
  3. @SofiaL-m3i: “From yuck to, don’t forget my pickles”!salish said!
  4. @EshaalFatima-l1e: Done ✔️ 👍 👌 ⏳️ ⌛️ 👏 ✔️
  5. @BasharKhass: Done
  6. @LuminjaloMbanjwa: Done 👍👍👍
  7. @athipprachcharoenthanpirom6718: Done❤
  8. @อรพิณ-ฃ2ป: Done
  9. @ZaneleMaseko-v9b: Go Ferran
  10. @RubyDelMundo: replay the boy she said is 21
  11. @phyominlatt1601: Done
  12. @talkinge.c.dwithmamap2385: Done
  13. @oejoejduties9050: Done😊
  14. @AdiAndMadi: Done ✅
  15. @DavidSetlhomo: 👍
  16. @jaminangel7806: ✅
  17. @tararindfliesch3509: N+s
  18. @claudiapechcaceres3851: Done❤❤❤
  19. @ZiaMateo-v5w: Done
  20. @mariajesecamirontos10: Done

- John Rahm Better Than Jordan Spieth?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Rob passes Spieth to become world number two with his win Sunday at the career builder challenge John Rob picked up his second PGA Tour victory and moved to number two in the FedEx Cup point standings he picked up one more number two to the 23-year old Spaniard past jordan Spieth to move to number two in the official World Golf Ranking behind only Dustin Johnson in 19 months since June 2016 ROM is rocketed from number 776 in the world to number 2 thanks in part to his low divisor his number of events played asked after his playoff victory over Andrew Landry to discuss his rapid ascent up the world rankings ROM was almost at a loss it's hard to believe to be honest passing jordan Spieth he said that's a three-time major champion I only have two wins he's got 10 plus right it's again I've said many times I never thought I was gonna be at this point in my life right now rom may only have two PGA Tour titles but this is his fourth worldwide win in the last year dating back to last season's Farmers Insurance Open he also took the Dubai duty-free Irish Open and the DP World Tour Championship on his way to claiming the European Tour's 2017 Rookie of the Year award dating back to the start of last season on the PGA Tour ROM has racked up 12 top tens three runner ups and two wins he will head to Torrey Pines next week ready to defend for the first time

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcrb8894 [1 likes]: How is he ranked higher than Justin Thomas? Makes me question ranking system
  2. @kingshark4645 [1 likes]: his swing is so efficient for him, and can still be improved, CAUSE he heaves some of his shots, ...  but his true longevity and make or break will be if he can control his emotions. when he falls apart he falls apart, plus the right pairing partner could break him mentally.
  3. @Play2Win1958: Rahm outlasted my home boy Andrew Landry but made SE Texas ( Groves ) proud

- I Made Money on YouTube To Prove It’s Not Luck: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast. He's got a couple subscribers and he's filthy rich. But is it possible to make money on Only Fans in just one week? Wait, wrong website. The point is, I've been doing YouTube for a while and I really want to start making money on it. So, the goal for the next 7 days is to make money on YouTube as fast as possible. But first, how do you even make money on YouTube? Well, there's ad revenue, which pays you when someone watches an ad on your video. But I can't do this method because I'm not monetized since that requires 4,000 watch hours, which I obviously don't have. But there's a new method to make money on YouTube through Shorts, which is basically YouTube's version of Tik Tok. Except Charlie D'Amelio isn't on there. So the Shorts Fund is a $100 million fund that's distributed to the top shorts creators. The best part is there's no requirement to make money on shorts. So I decided to focus on shorts to give myself the best chances of actually making money in this challenge. Plus, normal videos take way too long to make. Not that my videos were long to begin with, but you know what I mean. So, I'm going to make money on YouTube as fast as possible, starting now. I'll get started now. So, the first thing I did was eat breakfast. I couldn't start my day without breakfast. Afterward, I planned out the next seven days and came up with video ideas. So, ideas not my strongest ability, but I'll just write different ways to make money. I wrote down things like stocks, affiliate marketing, stocks again. Yeah, I'm struggling with ideas, but I got my first one. So, my first video is giving my dog $10,000 to trade stocks. Who doesn't like dogs and money, especially money? Plus, I already made a full video of this, so I just need to condense it. Also, since it's a short, the video needs to be less than 60 seconds long, which should be pretty easy considering all my videos are going to be around 30 seconds. A 30-se secondond video shouldn't take too long to make, so I aim for two videos a day. I quickly ate my words when it was actually time to put in the work because the rest of my day was writing my scripts, walking my dog, filming the video, cooking for my dog. He's spoiled, I know, filming the other video. I'm going to try to Yeah, recording videos isn't that easy. And then I edited the shorts. So, it's 10:00 p.m. and I was only able to finish one video. So, one video a day it is. And I hit upload on both YouTube and Tik Tok. So, let's see what happens tomorrow. My videos at 50 views. But it usually takes a day for a video to hit the street shelf. Shorts. What? Shorts shelf? Wow, that's a tongue twister. The short shelf is this section on YouTube that lets you watch an endless amount of shorts. No, literally, I don't think there's an end to this. But while we wait for YouTube to push the video out, we can actually check how it did on Tik Tok because the views usually come immediately on there. And the video is at 90,000 views, which isn't too bad. I think the video was good, but I need to make it shorter. No, literally, that's what someone commented. So, I edited my next video for Daniel and the 15 people who liked his comment. So, I uploaded that video and checked the analytics of the short I posted last night. Now, the video got into the short shelf, but it's only at 2,000 views. Now, put into perspective that you only make $1 for every 20,000 views that you get. So, all that work was basically a penny. Yeah, that's not good. But we can actually check why this video did bad by looking at the retention, which basically means how long the viewer stayed on the video. Our goal is to get around 90% retention. So, YouTube can recognize it's a good video and push it out. And if we look at the analytics, we can clearly see that the video is at 82% retention. And on the retention graph, we can also see that the main reason this video did bad is because of the outro. So, I'm going to follow the same video structure, but improve my outro. And hopefully the next video hits. My video flopped, but it did perform better than the last one, considering it got 3,000 views and 83% retention. You know what they say about 1% better every day. One is better than zero. You see, this guy's name is Gary Vee, and he's a big inspiration to many entrepreneurs around the world, including me. I mean, this guy works 20 hours a day. Well, that's what he claims, but I'm not buying it unless he's not real, which is why I'm trying to pass him in YouTube subscribers on his second channel. because when I do, I'm going to meet Gary Vee in real life to prove if he's even human. I'm also making an NFT of our picture together and subscribers get first priority in getting it. But besides that, I proceeded to make two more flopped videos until it was time to go back to the drawing board. So, I'm in this program called Creator Now that lets you meet other creators and ask questions to successful YouTubers. So, what better way to improve than to ask them. How would you go about getting more views on shorts? That's a tough question. When you find out, DM me. I'd love to know. I don't know if I'll find out if we'll see these. Yeah. Basically, I had millions of views on Tik Tok and Instagram, all that, and I would post on YouTube and it would get like a few thousand views and I'd be like, "Man, this is so lame. Like, I'm going to be done posting on YouTube." Like, there's just no motivation. But then I heard like it's just so important, the titles, the thumbnails for it. So, I started doing that. I just had one YouTube short pop off to get a couple million views. You know, YouTube is just one of those things. Once you get cooking, you stay cooking. All right. Awesome. Appreciate it. Yeah, for sure. Bless you, Jenny. Yeah, that didn't help. But I might as well dedicate day five to changing my thumbnails since that's what Jimmy said. No, not that Jimmy. I wish you could give me advice right now. But I basically reuse thumbnails from my other videos and change them up a little. Well, I only changed the backgrounds, but it looks good to me. However, I don't think changing the thumbnails is going to help. You see, most of my views are coming from the short shelf. And as we mentioned earlier, the videos autoplay and are just endlessly scrolling. I still haven't found the end, and I never will. But the point is, most people seeing the video aren't even going to see the thumbnail, but I did it anyway for Jimmy. Jimmy darts. And then I spent the last two days of the challenge doing nothing. No, seriously, I didn't make any videos. But to be fair, it was finals week. I was also so burnt out that I had writer's block. And I honestly didn't even have any ideas. I've also been scrolling for way too long now. But it's still time to check if we got a paycheck from YouTube. I didn't make money. Honestly, I don't even know what I expected. But what I did get was something that I didn't expect. Seven emails from brands who want to work with me. Well, one of them gave me a virus on my computer. And they also took my Instagram password. So, so that one wasn't fun. That that how did I fall for that? But besides that, I ended up working with a brand and I'm not allowed to disclose how much I actually made. But what I can say is that it was a three-digit number. And after the challenge ended, I ended up taking a 3-day break and then uploading a video again, which ended up being one of my best performing videos. So, my results from the challenge showed that quality is better than quantity. In fact, I progressively got less and less views the more I pumped out content and then I had a video pop off when I was less burnt out. In fact, this video was filmed a month ago. I was just so tired from this challenge that I didn't even feel like making this video. So, yes, Daniel, it is possible to make money on Only Fans, I mean YouTube, in just one week. But this is not financial advice. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidTiger27 [1 likes]: She hot girl 😍 
😊
  2. @faizansheikh6010 [1 likes]: bruh you passed him on his 3.88M channel as well. fucking legend. congratulations!
  3. @Melanyy_xx: Girl I got scared at the start when u said only fans
  4. @elanalistafinanciero: I love your work, Thanks Jenny!!!
  5. @LamiyahMartin: 🩵OF
  6. @AllRealOnlineSideHustles: You are one of the best😊😊
  7. @chuaguaga: Got surprised on the start I was like What thats not what the title said lol
  8. @shacelpordaliza5321: ♥♥♥
  9. @KhaoulaGhribat: im proud of u
  10. @Its_Lit24: The fact you’ve past Garyveees main channel is crazy
  11. @Pvzlpiece: I got 11k views on my second short
  12. @JasenomadeTV: You're nonstop! I couldn't look away. You're such an inspiration. We Gen Xers could definitely learn a thing or two from your work ethic and creativity ❤
  13. @WreckPoint404: to be real i have problems with this thumbnails :X
  14. @its.motive8: Hi Jenny. Big fan here. Can you help me grow my account please
  15. @joewritesmusic: Loved the writer's blocks 🧱
  16. @MrWaffles653: I wish I made it to 1,000,000 subs...
  17. @Samicheekx: Funny cuz i found u from a short video too lol
  18. @nicole_ajx: What app or website do you edit on?
  19. @fonchurat: Brilliant work Jenny!
  20. @MelsTrilogy: Guys Jenny obviously made 0.34 cents! That’s a 3 digit number

- What Makes Jenny Hoyos Shorts SO VIRAL?: Kind: captions Language: en Jenny Hoyos is one of the most prolific short form content creators on YouTube. She's only 19 years old and she's generated over three billion views, mainly on YouTube shorts, with dozens of her videos going mega viral. In this video, I analyze advice she's given to figure out what exactly she does. So, right, and how you can apply this to your own YouTube videos. Now, I'm a decently successful shorts content creator myself. Okay, I've radked in a few hundred million views across my channels. I do think I'm semiqualified to provide at least some insight here, especially because the shorts I make are faceless and the shorts she makes aren't. And I know a lot of my audience doesn't want to show their face when they make shorts. So, don't worry. No matter what niche you're in, I'm going to be giving you actionable advice on how you can improve your shorts and go viral. So, broadly speaking, this is her advice when she was asked about how she makes her videos go viral. >> It's just adding story and a twist, especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video. I think you can make a video about anything. You can make video about paint drying and you can make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested. >> And to me off the bat, this is one of the most crucial parts to making a good short. Whether you're doing commentary and giving a reaction or just creating some original content, what's the story behind your video? What's the narrative? And is the narrative compelling to a lot of people? Now, Jenny goes on to talk about how she builds out these stories, and it usually has something to do with a twist. So, for example, she talks about a video she made where she cooked for strangers, but the reason why she was doing this was to raise money because her kitchen broke. Immediately, this gives the viewer something to look forward to, a payoff, if you will. But this is a payoff induced by the twist. Like, okay, sure, you can cook, but there's plenty of chefs on YouTube, but what if you had to cook in a high stakes environment? You get it, guys? But seriously, this makes the videos more entertaining. Narratives that you can add to your video can include challenges, bets, or truthfully even just talking about your story in a dramatic way. These are all things that serve to keep the viewer engaged and happy. But how do you actually hook the viewer to watch your video in the first place? >> To me, a good short is one that has a strong hook. The way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title and thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks, then it'll work for a short, you know? know. So, the hook needs to be very visual. You need to understand it without even listening to it. And it needs to be so simple, like so simply said, like you said, explain to a 5-year-old. >> A huge mistake I see people making when they just start out is making their hooks too wordy. Now, depending on how long your short is, a 3se secondond hook could already be 20% of your video. The way I like to see it is that if you only have a very limited canvas space, and you're trying to create the most beautiful painting. You're not going to doodle some BS on it, right? Well, maybe some of you freaks would. I don't know. But no, you'd probably want to make sure you're using every inch of that canvas to work towards your end goal. And that's exactly how you should view shorts. Nobody has the time or quite frankly the attention span to hear you yap for 5 seconds without getting to the point. The hook has to be concise and easy to understand. And something important here to take note of is that she did say without the audio, the visual hook alone should be enough to draw the viewer in. So, when you're making your videos, mute your videos. See if you're still interested just by watching your hook. Are your visuals eye-catching enough? Can somebody tell what's going on without even hearing you talk? Now, this is another interesting thing here I want you guys to pay attention to. Jenny said she actually puts her scripts through a readability checker. And what this tells her is the reading level of the script. So, let's say, for example, it's eighth grade. She said she doesn't make any short with a reading level over fifth grade. And this might seem odd, I guess, unless you're in fifth grade, but think about it, right? You want to make your videos appeal to the most amount of people possible. And to do that, you need to make sure everybody understands you. In fact, she analyzed all of Mr. Beast's successful shorts. Now, you guys may not know who this guy is, but he's decently popular. But what she found was even more shocking because after analyzing most of his popular videos, she found that his average reading level for his shorts was about first grade. So, everybody being able to understand your short is a huge thing and probably something that a lot of you guys are just not capitalizing on. Now, let's talk about how to actually find what strategies work best for you. Bear with me because this clip is going to be a little bit longer, but it is worth listening to. >> Yeah. So, I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos. And I think that's where you learn the most. Everyone has different audiences. What works for Mr. Beast might not work for me, right? What I did is like I did my own little experiment. Like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts, I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible. And I think I only got like a week or two in. It it didn't it didn't I didn't I didn't get that far. But the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible. Quantity is what makes quality. When I was doing that quantity, I would analyze my retention graph. And this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you. So there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days, right? Which I on average I usually get like a million. So I was not happy with the performance. And I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip. It was 70%, 1 second later it was 45%. Like a 25% drop in 1 second. And the retention was 83%. So what I did was I went into YouTube Studio. I trimmed off that 1 second. YouTube removed this feature. By the way, YouTube, please bring it back. But just by removing that 1 second at the end, it went from 83% to 88%. And the video went flying. And that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 secondond short right if you lose 1 second that's already 97% that's three percentages you know if you have lose 2 seconds that's 6%. So when you think about it on short it's like you're not just losing 1 second you're losing double or even triple because that 1 second accumulates to 2 or 3% of the video. I don't think I need to elaborate too much on this because she did a pretty good job explaining it, but here's the basic idea, guys. Analyze your top performing videos. The swipethrough rate, the retention graph. These are usually very helpful. Analyze what you did that seemed to work for those videos. Yeah, but especially analyze your failures, too. If a video deviates from your regular views and performs poorly, what happened with it? Was the swipe rate bad? Because to me, that sort of indicates there's a problem with the hook. Was the retention bad? because that sort of indicates that you had a problem retaining the viewer and that might be closely correlated to the story being bad or not entertaining enough. Also, something you can try is making your videos replayable or even loopable. Even if only a small percent of people who watch your short rewatch it, this can boost the retention graph by a few valuable percentage points. And sometimes that's all it takes to go viral. Now, what about the video idea? What would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create? >> Oh gosh. Right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas. >> Crazy. >> And I'm only doing 10. >> Not a thousand hooks. A thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them. >> Yes. >> I see a lot of people making this mistake. So sometimes people, especially if they're doing commentary shorts or something, they'll just scroll, find the first good video they see, and make a video on it. And that's fine. That's cool. Nothing wrong with that, my man. But something you could try is being a little bit more picky with what you actually pull the trigger on. You know, if you made five scripts and chose the best one all the time, you might end up with a higher quality of video on your channel. Now, obviously, you still need to upload consistently no matter what, but play around with this. If the script isn't really hitting to you or you just have a bad feeling about it, it's okay to like, don't get me wrong, but it's also okay sometimes to just make another video. Do not feel obligated to post videos that you don't feel 100% about, even if you put a lot of work into them. Now, how long should you be trying to retain the viewers for a quote unquote good short? Well, I was in uh I was in Patty Galloway's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length, this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for. So, I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos. Whereas, if it was shorter, maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality. >> Exactly. Yes. Correct. For my personal channel, like I said, like there's no specific number. I think everyone just has to check out their analytics, but for me, I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds, it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off. So, that's why I like to make it slightly longer, but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience. >> So, I already did make a video on this and if I can remember, I'll try to link it down below, but basically, I went into this data compiled by Patty Galloway and talked about what it meant for your own shorts. If you're interested in that, you can watch the video after this one. Dude, pump the brakes, homie. Don't click away just yet. Now, anyways, the TLDDR for that video was this pretty much high retention, good, high swipe rate, good. But more importantly, videos that are longer can go more viral, provided that the retention is good enough. So, in simple terms, 45se secondond retention on a 50-second video has the potential to go more viral than a 25-second retention on a 20-se secondond video, even though you're keeping more people retained for more than 100% of the short length. And that's just because YouTube wants to keep people on their platform as long as possible. And that's why they reward your videos that retain viewers longer. Another great way you can retain viewers longer, like I said earlier, is just to have a good story. And Jenny says, "One of the most valuable things you can do is foreshadowing." Yes, I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it. Like it doesn't matter what video idea it is. Like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach, right? And then it's like, why would someone watch? So that's the hook. I'm going to the beach. And what's the foreshadow? I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video. It could literally be with anything. It just needs to have some sort of expectation. >> So, keep that in mind when you're making your shorts. Whether it's your own original content or content you're just transforming, the viewer would be watching to the end because there's some sort of expectation, right? Some sort of payoff. And she had some more great advice when talking about how to retain the viewer with a script. >> It's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling. But therefore, but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story. So a story stories can't be stories without change. For example, I went on a walk, then it started raining, then I went back home. It was much more boring than if it was like, I went on a walk, but it started raining. Therefore, I started running back home and I it was raining all over me. But good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back, therefore I got home. Like it's the exact same story, but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like butt and then so put simply, I guess, here's the final thing I want to say. If you want to go viral like Jenny, make your videos more entertaining. If you guys like this video, leave a like or don't, whatever. If you want to make money from your YouTube shorts without even being monetized, check out the video I made on music deals because a lot of people don't know about them. You can literally get paid just by using certain background music. And I hope this video helped at least some of you guys out. If you stay to the end, I love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneyboymaxx [6 likes]: MUSIC DEAL📍https://playist.studio/r/MAX
JOIN MY DISCORD 📍https://discord.gg/8bcC6DC5DQ
CHECK OUT MY SITE📍https://moneyboymax.com/
USE MY VOICE📍https://elevenlabs.io/app/voice-lab/share/154adab005dcfc52ba6bcd583255468d57214565442fea5ee1fcfee2cea0d407/ItKJeqCQp9zXEfMJgRLS
SIGN UP FOR 11LABS📍 https://try.elevenlabs.io/moneyboymax

and yes, before anyone comments i don't have that many shorts views on this channel, thats just for one of my shorts channels
  2. @JcClipsMotivation [2 likes]: I was just thinking how much I love ur vids and then I was thought.. oh nv it's another youtuber. But it was u, Love the new style and really appreciate the effort you put into these videos 🔥
  3. @Lineshaft [2 likes]: Bro l didn't expect u to look Like that bro
U goated ❤
  4. @BaconJuices [1 likes]: Jumpscare with the webcam. bro majestic though icl 😭
  5. @WildlifePetFacts [1 likes]: Thanks for such a good and interesting video, you did an amazing job!🥰
  6. @RedDirtTruth: I subscribed because of this video alone. Good job dude
  7. @RhyanLlumpera-i3f: 1. Shorts

Strong Hook 

-> Can be used as title or thumbnail for longform
->Can be understood without audio
-> Very easy to comprehend 
 -> Explain to 5 year 
-> Visual 
Go-> Virality = Story + Twist

What's the story behind your video?
What's the narrative?
Is the narrative compelling to a lot?

narratives 
-> Bets, Challenges, talking about your story in a dramatic way


Try to mute
 -> are you still interested just by watching your hook?
 -> Are your visuals eye catching enough?
 -> Can somebody tell what's gonig on without even hearing you talk?
 -> Scripts into readability checker
 -> don't make any shorts with a reading level over fifth grade

2. Deeply Analyze your own videos
-> Quantity makes quality
Every second count on short
->  The swiped rate
-> Retention graph
-> Replayable or even loopable

3. Video Idea to videos you actually create
-> Made five scripts
 -> Chose the best one
Do not feel obligated to post videos that you don't feel 100% about, 
even if you put a lot of work into them.
-> Good story
-> Foreshadowing
 -> Some sort of expectation -> sort of payoff
-> More entertaining
  8. @Manirihojeanpaul1: Support to grow up
  9. @lalo_reacts: Good video i dont know hgow this works tho
  10. @بايكز: Bro this video is very good ❤
  11. @PrabathSilva9: can you do edits as earlier like simple but keep your face pls
  12. @doggynotics: Small channel don't give up
  13. @UmarKhaleeq: When you look like PG version Mia Kha****... shorts definitely go VIRAL
  14. @AMANKUMAR-nx5of: Thanks for showing your face
  15. @AMANKUMAR-nx5of: He is so handsome man 😳😳
  16. @excellentaivideo: What a voice bro i am using your elevelabs voice. “Max Deep and Crisp”
  17. @adorableantlers: thanks for posting videos like this, it's like getting a course for free
  18. @Scientific_Mynd: so glad bro dropped a casual face reveal unlike dream
  19. @BofferJoy: Yeah, a face reveal 👊🏼
  20. @StephencreatefunContent: I like to travel, so I do faceless travel video shorts about 15 seconds long. Before July 15th when YT made a change to the algo. , I could get 1 to 2k views. After July 15th my 15 sec travel short will only get approx 200 views. I keep it 15 seconds because I want to use Trending or popular mainstream music. I have noticed many travel videos use trending music that is 15 seconds. I can do way longer then 15 seconds, but YT usually will put a Content Claim on my YT Shorts if they go over 20 seconds and have popular music.  I hate YT generic Music Library, it mostly sucks so I try to limit that to my long form videos. The whole YouTube process is very interesting, but very frustrating to see when I see some content that is worse than mine, but getting 1000's of followers.

- A deep conversation about Shorts with Jenny Hoyos and Todd Sherman: Kind: captions Language: en Who are you sir, and what do you do at YouTube? I'm Todd Sherman, I'm the Product Lead for YouTube Shorts. Jenny, tell us about yourself, what do you do? I'm Jenny Hoyos and I make YouTube Shorts and I'm known because I can make anything go viral. Nice, I love that. So what kind of YouTube [UNCLEAR 00:00:15] do you make? Just general entertainment and content for kids. So a lot of challenges, family content. Yeah, I've seen you challenge your mum to quite a lot of shopping challenges creation challenges, some pranks. Oh yes, I love pranks. Tell us a bit about Shorts. I think everybody has an idea what they are, but how do you define a Short on YouTube? Shorts are a little different than long form because on long form right now, you see a preview for that video and then you tap to go watch it. And in Shorts, obviously, people are swiping in the Feed and so they get to discover videos and creators are often asking me, 'What makes a great Short?' And I think a lot about your videos, and hooking people early. How much time do you spend on that hook? Oh my goodness, yeah, the hook is the most important thing. If people aren't hooked then they're not even going to see the rest of the video so the hook is everything. Actually, coming up with the hook doesn't take very long because if it's a good hook, it is the idea. The hook is my idea. So the hook comes before the idea. Sometimes I'll have an idea but if the hook isn't good, I don't make the video. It's kind of tough to gauge how long it takes to come up with the hook but once we have a good hook, we know we should make the video, basically. Yeah, and how long do you think you have to really catch somebody based on your experience? Oh my goodness, it's literally the first frame. I really do think you have one second to hook someone, especially on Shorts. And so, are you giving them an idea or are you setting an expectation? What makes a good hook? OK, yeah, I have a three-step formula that I always do in my head when I come up with hooks. And the first thing is shock. I want some sort of shock factor. Ideally, it's a visual shock factor. And then I follow that by establishing expectations of what the content's going to be about. So usually, you give a little description of what you're going to do in the video and then the third thing is giving an expectation of what's to happen at the end. You need to know what we are going to get by the end of this video and how we are going to progress to that. Because it doesn't matter if someone gets hooked and they're like, this is a cool video I saw the cool thing that happened in the hook, and I'm going to leave. They need to be hooked and stay to the end. -Then you've got to deliver. -Yes, exactly. Is there almost a two-way psychological difference? Because on browsing videos, like long form you click in, but then to abandon it, you still have to click out. Where in Shorts, you enjoy maybe more exploration, more discovery potential because you are in that Feed but also, it's just so quick to keep swiping if you don't grab their attention. Yeah, and some users are very impatient. They want to see great content quickly which is why I think your videos perform so well. Then other people are a bit more patient and willing to watch videos to higher completion rates. And so that's something we have to take into account in the recommendations. All that feeds as signals into the recommendations. If we just back up a sec and say, there is a huge demand a huge market for short-form video. I don't think that's new. Back in the day, I remember television having breaking news segments or update segments or the more you know or after-school segments. Those are all short-form content. But now it's fully digital and anybody can make them. And I think there's parts of your life where you want that short experience for the certain amount of time you have. Yeah, the way I think about short form is that it doesn't just compete against other short-form video products. It is sort of trying to serve a set of user needs that you might think of as snackable entertainment, broadly. So if somebody comes to YouTube they may find that they want to watch some Shorts. Many people do. But even if you only have a minute, what are the things that you would hire in order to be entertained for a minute or two? You might play a quick game, you might read an article or look at some post on some network. You might watch short-form video. You might even do one question on a crossword puzzle on paper, right? So you can see how they are all entertainment in small moments. And short-form video is really good at helping you be entertained in those small moments. You could also be informed So it fits in a really unique space. But I think it's also one that's also as old as time. -Do you know what I mean? -Yeah. Is that how you think about it? You want to tell a complete story in the time that you have? Yeah, I definitely want to tell a complete story but also we don't want to get as much information in as possible in a short amount of time. There are a few creators who think, Oh, I'm going to be viral on Shorts if I give as much information as possible, in these 60 seconds because people want to learn as much as possible. Then, you're just going to dilute your message. So I think it's all about those quick moments just keeping people entertained and like, 'That's a funny joke' -and onto the next video. -That's what you focus on? It's weird, I try not to think of a whole story rather like bits, when I'm making Shorts. But within those bits, there's its own story. That's what I think about. It's almost like a mechanic for telling a different kind of story. Yeah, even within short form I think that you'll find creators that have really honed their craft. You're at the top of your game for this around a minute but then there's other folks even that it's almost a different style of storytelling where you're very short, and it's only 15 or something seconds. It's almost more like a moment or a scene or a vibe. Before we sat down here, we were talking a little bit about Vine back in the day, for Vine. It was very much so like a very... -Nine seconds? -Seven! -Seven seconds. -Crazy. It was just like almost no time to really even set a hook and then deliver. It would just be so quick. That was just like a moment or a scene, just one scene. And so even within Shorts, we see folks focused in that area. And that's also really approachable because you would take less effort to make something shorter, right? Do you think that's a separate audience for a creator? Like if they are making short Shorts, should they focus on short Shorts or do you think they can go back and forth between 15 seconds and a minute on the same channel? It's hard to generalise advice like this because we get these questions all the time. I think that what generally is best is that the creator focuses on the sorts of videos with a duration that aligns with how they want to tell their story. Some creators really like to be very casual with it have a joke that is a little bit of a setup and then a delivery in 10 or 20 seconds. And they might only spend 20 minutes on that video or less, sometimes even less especially if they're jumping in on trend where a concept is working and you can replicate it and jump in. It doesn't take a lot of time to produce those. Other creators are high craft and really purposeful with their storytelling and their production effort and so sometimes people will span both those areas but usually creators fall in more one or the other a lighter-weight production process versus one that's a bit more sophisticated which is where I think you're at. The level of craft is like... You were telling us before what it takes for you to make a Short. Oh yeah, it's about an hour per second. Per second, so 59.9 seconds is... -Exactly. -That's a lot of hours. But if it's only 15 seconds, maybe only 15 hours! That's still an amazing amount of work. We're used to traditional entertainment thinking about a lot of movies in terms of months to make hours, but hours to make seconds is amazing as well. Yeah, it's actually scary when you think about it like that! What's the process you go through? Is it like ideation first and then production? How do you move through the process? Yeah, so first things first is ideation and when it comes to ideation, I think of ideas that are very primitive. So things that all humans can relate to. Not because, oh that's so funny and relatable but no, it's relatable because we all have to drink water we all have to eat food. Every human experiences this experience. Those are what I try to think of when I'm coming up with my ideas because I wanted to have as many ideas as possible. From there, we think of the most critical things for success of the video. That is number one when trying to produce the video. We try to think of all the things that could potentially fail and that's how we produce the video and then I go and film and it goes to the editors and it's just a constant back and forth process when getting edited. But that's the process. Polishing every second, as well. Yeah, we polish it a lot. To be specific, we have the editors do DIT selects and a story cut and then from there, they will send their story cut and selects which is basically just the video trimmed to what it will be without any visual effects or music and then usually, we will go through five versions of a story cut and the reason we need the selects, which is basically the raw footage without the empty pauses, is it helps us get feedback as to how the story could be improved and we're manipulating the videos like crazy. I have one video where I had a conversation with someone, but it was kind of boring and my editor literally took random parts and made a completely new video the way it did not play out at all. It's actually crazy, it's like a jigsaw puzzle. It's pretty funny. But that's where most of the time actually goes just figuring out the edit, the jigsaw. And then once it's approved they just do visual effects, music and they wrap it up. -Then you give it to the Feed. Is there a mechanic that you have to think about when you do have casual creators versus leaned-in creators people making 15 seconds versus an hour just in terms of how you give all of that an opportunity? Yeah, it's something we've been thinking a lot about. One of the things that we are experimenting with is having some coherence in the Feed around video duration, right? So if you imagine that you're in the Feed in this example that I'm providing and you're going in between really high-quality, high production effort videos and then you swipe to something that is much more user-generated content and it only took a couple of minutes there's a real shift there that you can observe. But on the other hand, if you take all those shorter videos and bring them together in a feed and figure out which ones are the best ones and obviously personalise it so that you're getting the things you want it tends to feel more natural when you're going between them. You're also interacting more as you go, because the videos are shorter and so it's a bit more fast paced and punchy and it also has a vibe of being more approachable. But we also obviously want to have the best content that has the highest production effort get the biggest audience also so coherence around feeds like that that are concentrated on that content may very well also be good. So we're starting to experiment with some coherence around the Feed like sometimes faster paced and really punchy and then sometimes a little slower paced and longer videos so that the user can get into a mode and you maybe, as you're swiping through Shorts, experience some of these things if you're observing what's happening. Do you feel that when you're swiping through Shorts, as well? Do you get into modes? Yeah, it's really interesting, I never thought about it like that. I think it's actually very seamless the way YouTube does it. But, yeah, I think it is kind of like that. Because when I'm running into those really short videos I keep getting more short videos versus when I'm on those longer Shorts, I do get served more. That makes so much sense. It would be very jarring if it was like a 60-second Short, then a 10-second Short then you scroll again and now it's 30. So, yeah, it makes sense. We've talked about it's better not to think about algorithms because you're not making videos for machines think about audiences, because you're making videos for people. Do you want to be thoughtful when you're thinking about which videos you're going to be shown with or the style of video you're making or whether you're casual or whether you're doing high production? Is that something in your planning, like consistency might be beneficial to you? -From the creator point of view? I think that we really want to serve creators and meet them where they are. So if a creator happened to mostly make one-minute videos or 50- or 60-second videos then that's great we're going to do our best to find that creator the audience they deserve. On the other hand, if you're at the opposite end of the spectrum you're mostly making shorter videos, same thing. And then, if you live in both those worlds, we're going to try to do our best so there's nothing in there that would favour a creator if they only focused on one. But I think when you make shorter videos in some ways they're in the part of the ecosystem where you should expect them to be amongst similar videos from the viewer point of view, right? So that coherence, I think, benefits viewers and I'm not sure if it's helpful for creators to know that's what we're experimenting with but that's what we're trying. Do you know if there's a bigger audience in 15-second Shorts versus 60-second Shorts? It's hard to answer because it changes and it's continually changing as more creators join and they try new things. One part of the ecosystem may be growing. We have a lot of very capable, professional creators on YouTube that love using Shorts and when they power up the video creation pipeline that they have at their disposal like great cameras, computers, sophisticated video editing software they tend to lean towards longer videos and then folks that are more motivated by wanting to share a cool moment or join in on a trend or videos of their cats you can make videos about your cats, by the way, one minute long also but there's a lot of cat videos that are also shorter. -They have to be really charming cats. A lot of that more user-generated content tends to be shorter and it also gets a lot of audience too because a lot more people tend to be able to make those shorter videos because it's like a moment or a scene as opposed to needing to craft the beginning, middle and end of a storytelling like a lot of our most capable, sophisticated creators do. The reason I was asking is on long form we'll often say if it's the same audience, keep it on the same channel if it's a different audience, put it on a different channel. Also for cross-formats, like if you're podcasting and doing Shorts and going live, think are those videos all serving the same audience? Because one of the things that we've heard is you have to choose a thumbnail and you have all these options for thumbnails and if I'm used to clicking on Jenny's thumbnail I know exactly what I'm going to get it's a no-brainer to click any time I want that but if I don't know what I'm going to get, it's more of a risk. I'm not sure what she's going to give me so I'm going to pick this other video that I know what I'm getting. Shorts is such a different mechanic because you're in the Feed and you might get that video regardless so do you have advice for creators if they're thinking about when they should do multiple channels for Shorts versus the same channel? Yeah, now that I heard you reflect on it I think the one thing I would add about the previous point is that when we look at what viewers enjoy it's usually the case that viewers that enjoy a bunch of really short videos like imagine 10 and 20 seconds, they also enjoy a lot of 60-second videos and they actually also enjoy 10- and 20-minute videos, right? And so, a lot of the most engaged people with YouTube span that entire area and then it's our job to personalise within each of those areas. In terms of the advice to creators about same channel we tend to get this question a bunch. I think if it's the type of content, regardless of the duration of the content that is related to what you normally make and let's say you make a bunch of shorter videos and people are enjoying that and then they go and check out your longer videos. If it's a complete disconnect like if your shorter videos are just about cats and your longer videos are about aerial photography that might be a bit of a disconnect because the expectation may be that your setting in one doesn't apply to the other. But most creators tend not to do that. Occasionally, they will experiment with Shorts as a sort of side creative project that is a real departure. In some of those cases, they're fine with it being on their same channel but if they're really trying to grow an audience here instead of it being a creative offshoot then sometimes they prefer a separate channel. Now I have a question. So we've been talking a lot about video duration and from what I've seen on my channel and from my understanding watch time is pretty important. However, there are times when I do small bite-size things that are like 15 seconds and in that case, I really pay attention to rewatchability. So how important do you think rewatchability is for Shorts? Some of the best performing very short videos can be very rewatchable. Sometimes that's very deliberate by the creator where they will craft a video that really inspires the viewer to want to watch it again. Sometimes, it's sort of circumstantial and it might be more like a random video, more like user-generated content that was a moment that was just incredible that you need to rewatch to even figure out what happened. What just happened there? I saw something recently where there was a goat outside of a shop and it stood up on its hind legs and threw its horns through the glass. It's like, I need to watch this again to understand what happened here. It felt just as good watching it the second time as the first. On the other hand, a lot of creators craft and architect a video where it's like, not only do you want to get past the first loop you also want to go and watch it again because maybe there was some trick and you want to see what... you're basically orchestrating that rewatchability. So I think it could be important. It's not like we strictly optimise for two loops or something like this. When you think about watch time I would think of it as a proxy for what viewers value. Are they valuing the video? The only thing none of us get more of is time so if they're spending time on it, that's a proxy for it. But we even go beyond watch time. You have probably heard us talk before about valued watch time. We really try to estimate not only did the viewer complete the video or watch it to a high degree, but did they value it afterwards? And so that also carries a lot of weight in our systems. But it's great that creators can tell their story in 60 seconds but we also want them to be able to have the ability to tell a shorter story. And so longer isn't necessarily always better but lots of creators including yourself, get lots of traction at around that minute mark and that's great. We get that question a lot. On long form, you have clickthrough rate and then watch time or average viewer duration but that video could be three minutes or it could be 30 minutes or it could be an hour and a half. In the Shorts world, we have viewed versus swiped away which is a great metric, just to see how people are engaging. Should creators look at watch time on their Shorts? Is it more like percentage view that matters because the Shorts can be a different length? Or do you weigh it differently? How should creators be thinking in those terms? That metric around viewed versus swiped away is a great one. A lot of the time when I meet up with a creator and they're like, 'Hey, why didn't this video perform well?' we go and look at their analytics and then we look at like 10 of their videos and then the one they're pointing out, wondering why it didn't perform well the percentage of people that swiped away was just much higher. They didn't get them with the hook! So I would definitely take a look at that because people aren't just going to watch to the end of their video unless they're hooked in the beginning or really feel there's something that they should stick around for. In terms of the weights in the algorithm watch time certainly carries weight as a proxy for if the viewer valued it but we do go beyond that with trying to calculate if people value that. We have a sophisticated approach there of trying to model out if somebody valued it with the surveys that we run. But that doesn't necessarily mean that a 10-second or a 20-second video is always out-competed by a 60-second video. What we try and do in recommendations is, independent of duration figure out if somebody really enjoyed the video so that we can, you might say, normalise for duration a bit and so if you're on top of your game and you're making 15-second videos we want you to be able to do well there and find a great audience. So you can make those 15-second snacks and you'll be good. They just need to be rewatchable. Yeah, well, they could be. Probably the ones that would perform best, people would probably watch a lot, yeah. -Because they're great. -Yeah, thank you. On the other element of it, the more casual creation side one of the things, and correct me if I'm wrong on this that I've been observing is back in the day we had forums and then we got to social media people would just share their opinions on social media and increasingly, it feels like people just want to share their opinions through Shorts. They may not even consider themselves like a capital C Creator but they'll go on there and talk about the movie they just saw or the debate that they just watched and it's their way to share their voice with the world. And there are whole channels based on reply with Short, where they make a statement somebody says a comment they use that comment to make the next Short, comments on that, that makes the next Short. That seems like conversations are shifting from text-based medium into more of a visual world. It's just getting easier and easier to make video, right? And yeah, a lot of people that may have thousands of subscribers if you were to catch them outside of the context of this conversation and ask them, 'What do you do?', they'd say, 'Well, I'm a student' or 'What are your hobbies?', well, I do this and they may not even call themselves a creator but they find it a creative outlet, where they can express themselves find a little bit of a community of people that have some shared interests with them or maybe they just have a Derby cat and they just want to share videos of that. Yeah, because previously, people would say live is maximum engagement but not very great reach, where Shorts is incredible reach but you can't build as much of a Community there. But I think things like reply with Shorts and vertical live in the Shorts Feed it's making those previous assumptions not correct anymore. You pick the format you like and still find your audience and connect with them that way. Yeah, I've talked to so many creators of all different types about community and what does it mean. A lot of creators, if you were trying to choose an alternative phrase I think what they really mean is like a fandom around their content and of course, creators having this is amazing because it's just the validation that keeps them going. They know that people are loving their content. There's other ways that this manifests. In short form especially, I think that you can sort of be part of the Community. So imagine people are really into gardening, right? So you might be watching gardening creators and you may say, well I also garden. And you are joining that Community of creators and they come to know each other and you see how that's a different use of Community. And it's like the loyal viewership and the fandom, both are extremely important but they're sort of different. So that word, I think, has different meanings depending on what you're trying to get out of YouTube, you know what I mean? You were talking about different things like rewatchability do you think about shareability when you have the video this is a video that someone is going to rush and tell their friends they have to watch? I actually don't really pay attention to shareability. I like to make my videos as commentable and shareable as possible but I don't actively look at the shares or comments as a metric to track whether the video's going to perform or not. Basically, long story short is I had someone from my team create a Pearson correlation checker and they got all our data and analytics and views and then they correlated views to every single metric and we saw that things like likes, comments, shares, at least for my channel from those calculations, didn't really affect video performance. What did affect video performance were more of the things we were talking about like viewed versus swiped away, retention, watch time average view per viewer for rewatchability things more in relation to time, like you were saying. How do you think about things like interactions for example, the ask me sticker or the Add Yours sticker and ways of sharing Shorts? How does that factor into your thinking? In recommendations, we're always looking for strong signals that predict people enjoying the videos that they get recommended. So any time there's enough volume on a signal you know, liking and disliking and commenting and sharing are ones that have a decent amount of signal. But not everybody does it on every video, right? So the average view duration and watch time and how many people viewed it versus swiped away that is something that happens on every single video. And so what we really try and do is take all those signals into account and then the way these machine learning algorithms work is they can figure out how strong the signal is with regards to recommending videos based on some objective that we define. And so really what we try and do is bring all the signals in and then be clear to how we're shaping the algorithm about what the objective is and ultimately, the objective comes down to people enjoying the videos that they watched and then it'll figure out how strong the signal is, right? So that's how it works. So if I make my cat video and say Add yours and I get like a billion other cat videos that's a pretty strong signal? Yeah, that would be a strong signal. Yeah. There have been a lot of Shorts features rolled out this year. Your team is just crushing it. But we do have more stickers, there's more ways to remix Shorts now. How do you think about balancing the different interactive parts of Shorts with people who may be making wholly original Shorts with people who are still doing 15-second casual chat Shorts? Is it just multiple tools and you pick what's best for you and your vision? Yeah, I think that's really what it is. I think that we're doing a good job when we can provide creators a portfolio of tools that they find useful. Sometimes, creators go all-in on one and they base their entire channel around that. Other times, it's more selective like part of their content planning strategy is I'm going to put a lot of effort into this video but then in between those things, I'll use these tools because they're lighter weight, do some Q&A, respond to comments and keep their audience engaged and also hear from their audience. So it really depends on how the creator likes to plan out their content. How do you think about that when you see a new Shorts feature like a new way to remix or Green Screen or reply with Shorts or the stickers? Yeah, I think it's amazing for creators, young creators especially who want to get into creating content and they don't know how to do it and they don't have the budget to afford cameras or things to do with these high production videos. I personally never use any of those features, just because my videos are higher production but I think it's very helpful for those who are just getting started for sure. It feels like a prompt sometimes, I'll go in there and look and there'll be a comment or a thing then, oh, I don't have to worry about this right now, I can just do that. It makes it very easy for them. Like you said, now there's less time spent on ideas because they know what's relatable for their audience. Less time spent editing, because there's the Green Screen feature. Or even with the remix feature, now you don't need to edit certain stuff in because it's so easy. And then you can simply just add a sound and you don't have to go on YouTube and download the song on one of those scammy websites that keep doing this weird pop-up just to download the song and put it in your video. It just makes it so much easier. Yeah, I think that really hits the nail on the head. It really helps lower the barriers for people getting started. Some creators do like to pull it into their content planning. But it really makes it easy, you basically have a good starting point. Low barrier, but still high quality. Right. It's still higher quality than someone who actually tries to get a green screen and actually tries to do it. It actually looks better, so yeah, it's amazing. That's a conscious thing too is making sure it's accessible especially to new and aspiring creators or just people who want to participate. Yeah, the amazing thing about YouTube is that we want to make it easy for you to get started and that might be using some of these tools, might be making shorter videos. We also want to make it great for creators that are more capable, sophisticated higher production effort to crush it in Shorts and get a big audience and then there's also all of long form and then there's also YouTube in the Living Room. And so when you think about the number of screens and the breadth of the ecosystem, what better place to be a creator, right? There's one thing I've heard and I'm curious for your take on this a Short isn't just a short long and a long isn't just a long Short. They can give you the same feeling but you can't just cut one or glue two together. Yeah, I completely agree. Similar to what I was saying earlier, sometimes it's too much information. If you try to put way too much in a Short, people aren't going to be able to follow especially since when people are scrolling through Shorts there's already so much going on they're seeing so many different types of videos and now on your video you're going to tell them 10 different things that are going on. A long form wouldn't work on a Short and vice versa. With long form there's more breathing room, so you can't just extend a Short because that would just be boring. Is that what you see as well, that it's more of a feeling and not just a length, a runtime? I get that some creators want to do the easiest thing and just chop up their long form and put it in a Short and I think that that can work. Podcast clips are popular. Yeah, that can work, especially if it's a moment that's really interesting. But I think the best performing content tends to be purposefully made for aligning with the viewers' expectations. So that might be very short or it might be around a minute or if it's 10 or 20 plus minutes on long form just doing it once and then cutting it down, there's value there but I think it tends to perform not as good as when you're purposeful about making content that stands on its own for that part of the ecosystem. One of the questions we get a lot is how often should you post? You said that you can do a couple or a few Shorts a week just given your workload. But other people are like, if I can post 10 or 20 times a day, should I do it? Are there reasonable limits that you think about in terms of volume? I think the first thing to say is that being a creator is a tough job and that creators should make sure that they run the marathon. It's not a sprint, it really is a marathon. And so, that's definitely my advice for creators. When creators are putting in a tonne of effort an hour per second - that's wild! you have to make sure that you pace yourself in a way that does make that sustainable. On the other hand, if you're making a lot of 10- and 20-second videos and you're jumping in on a trend or it's easy because you have a lot of cats around the house then you might be able to produce just so many more videos for a given period of time, right? So they might be able to do it more frequently and they're shorter and the production effort is lower and I think creators usually know best and I would just encourage them to run the marathon, not sprint it. Yeah, I think also sometimes it varies, if you're doing breaking news maybe your audience has an appetite for I want this as soon as possible and I want as much as possible and I'll pick the things that interest me but if you're doing something that is more intentful and more focused they're fine with those coming out even once a week or something because that's the product they want. It's evergreen. -Yeah, way more evergreen. That's a good question, how do you think about evergreen as opposed to topical when it comes to Shorts? Timeliness and freshness is something that we've been working on and thinking a lot about. It's easy to think about some examples that require an audience within a certain time window. News content is one of them, but even trend content. Trends tend to grow over a period of time as people see it, enjoy it. Some percentage of people participate and then it'll sort of go away as another trend takes its place. There's timeliness there. And so there's certain content that really needs to get to an audience quickly and really get to all the people that would want to watch it in a relatively short period of time. I'm using timeliness to describe that. There's general freshness though. We want the ecosystem, I think, generally to be relatively fresh but there'll be some content that doesn't depend on something in the zeitgeist to connect with people and that's where we want to be very deliberate about making sure evergreen content continues to get an audience over time. When you think about long-form YouTube, a lot of creators love long form for that. I think that applies certainly to part of Shorts but maybe on the shorter end of things that content tends to have a shorter shelf life be a bit more trendy or maybe topical, if you want to call it that. So what approach do you think YouTubers should take? Should they be hopping on trends? Should they be making topical content or should they mainly do evergreen? Should they do a combination, what do you think? Some creators are trends creators. And what their content development process looks like is watching Shorts even watching other platforms, looking at what trends are out there and then coming up with their take on that joke. And that takes some time. Or learning to dance, which also takes some time. I mean, it would take me forever, because I am not skilled in that way. That also takes a certain effort. But their process begins by watching other content and then getting familiar with the concept and seeing if it's one that they feel like fits with the type of creator they are and the type of trends they ride. Just focusing on that narrow area of trends there's basically just creators that are focused just on trends, right? And I think that is a really easy way to get started because you don't have to come up with a fully original concept. You spend so much time on the ideation phase. The vision I have in my head is there's almost like a trash can of crumpled up papers of all the ideas you didn't go with, right? -Way too many ideas. -Right. We probably say yes to one in every 50. Right, but if you're a trend creator, you can see which idea's working because now you can see there's thousands of people doing it and it seems to be catching on. that's a really easy way to get started. So I would never prescribe to a creator, like yourself like, you should do trends, right? Because it may be something that you want to jump in on every once in a while. Like I hear from big, successful higher production effort creators that they feel like it's kind of shoot-from-the-hip content that they could join every once in a while without a lot of effort without spending an hour per second. On the other hand, some creators just like to focus on their craft and upping their game in their niche, and that's also great. what creators should focus on. But rather, how are they trying to make progress how much time do they want to spend, where are they at in their journey, right? Some creators even start out on trends, like with jokes, like their take on a joke. They usually pair it with some audio that supports that joke. But then later, I'll see them try to move into some original jokes. So it's almost like the way for them to get started on their journey. So it just really depends. How do you think about longevity? Because some say doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results doesn't work. But also, we've seen, over the years expecting the same results doesn't always work. So I know you're still really fresh but do you think about reinvention and relevancy and those sorts of things? Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah, there's a lot to say. OK, so for one, because I wanted to say this about the trending stuff, for example I love doing trends, but, back to longevity I don't want the trend to fall off. Because most trends usually fall off for a new trend to come in. So when I put my take on it I try to think about ways that I can make it something that actually can be evergreen beyond the shelf life of that trend. And it goes back to human relatability. So literally every video I make actually is just evergreen content and some of them are trends that I'm turning into evergreen content. Like, for example, when I have buckets so I used to make a lot of food videos where I would make foods for a dollar it does get old. So I try not to do the same thing. I do like to do the same kind of style and vibe and idea but execute it in different ways, just so it's always fresh. Because if the algorithm tries to follow the audience the audience moves, creators have to move? Or stay fresh or keep their eyes on what's happening in the meta? I think over a period of time, viewer preferences inevitably change, right? You see creators who will innovate, they'll come up with new verticals and then viewers love it and then some creators want to jump on that and that's great, I think that's part of the magic of YouTube. Like, unboxing videos could have never taken off on broadcast television, right? It's the adaptability of the creator ecosystem that aligns with viewers over time. I think that's part of the beauty of it. So there's something I ask you every year. Or there's a few things I ask you every year and I'm always interested if the answer's the same, if the answer changes. Thumbnails on Shorts. We can choose custom frames on mobile and previously, it was, well, some creators don't want to have the extra overhead. That's become the whole industry of thumbnails on long form. Is Shorts evolving, do you still think the same? Are you still waiting for creator feedback on it? I'd be interested to hear your take. Do you want to hear her take first? Yeah, what's your take? Thumbnails are not important because 99.9% of the views are coming from the Shorts Feed, right? Most of the views are going to be people who are scrolling and won't even see your thumbnail. So as far as video performance, thumbnails do not matter. What about your channel page if sponsors are looking? I was just about to say that though! I will say as far as channel marketing and branding I think thumbnails are very important. Something as little as like, with brands when I send them screenshots of past performing videos even them just seeing how professional the page looks or even when I'm saying, look at what I did this for this brand usually, I'll take a screenshot of the video thumbnails with the views and the titles, along with the video links and it makes it look so much better. So yeah, we do make thumbnails but it's not important. It's not important for the audience to make a decision about your video but it serves the purpose of you having your channel look more professional. Yes, I want the channel to look professional primarily for branding. Yeah, this aligns a lot with what I hear. People are like, 'I get that people aren't depending on it mostly to make a decision about the video, as you just start watching in the Feed'. And then the thing I usually hear is 'But when people go to my channel, I want it to look better'. -Or the shelf. -So it's something worth thinking about. Yeah, my concern is people making thumbnails that look way too different or it goes back to the cook-bake culture, like, even when I do my thumbnails it looks like literally what happened in the video, just exaggerated a little bit. Creators keep asking us about this but when you talk to creators there's a lot of opinions on it. Yeah, because some creators especially long-form creators that are doing Shorts for various reasons maybe it's a creative outlet or an offshoot or they're trying something new oftentimes, they want it to feel like a lighter weight thing compared to their high production effort longer-form videos. And they're used to spending a lot of time on thumbnails on long form and they don't want that there. On the other hand, I talk to Shorts-first creators and a lot of them say the same exact thing I was just hearing which is, yeah, but I want my channel to look really good. So, yeah, we're thinking about it. Stay tuned and keep giving feedback. Yeah, stay tuned. Todd, thanks so much for your time, I appreciate it. -Jenny, thank you so much. -Yeah, this was great. You know what to do. Drop all your comments and questions right down below and Insiders, keep it real.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NEW_BLOGGAR_RAJ_69 [3 likes]: Thank you for YouTube time 😊
  2. @KayradinAhmed [1 likes]: Thanks You Youtub Team🎉🎉
  3. @SHAHKHAN776-u1t [1 likes]: Hi❤❤❤❤
  4. @sleepinggianttv [1 likes]: thank you for the valuable content as always !
  5. @BreakingMach5 [1 likes]: This was fantastic.  My channel is about my lyrics and just sharing them with the World.  I enjoyed the insight on short form vs long form.  Just a great discussion overall!  👍
  6. @TheUnSpiral: Great deep dive. It’s fascinating to hear Jenny talk about 'primitive ideas.'
  7. @Jyntro: Great information
  8. @DreamHomeWoodworks: DreamHomeWoodworks
  9. @DreamHomeWoodworks: Aapke channel se health
  10. @SardinesArc: Awesome. Great sharing of the craft.
  11. @pujasushanta: Hindi me sunege
  12. @pujasushanta: Hindi
  13. @TUANLE-short1: Cảm ơn các bạn, các bạn thật tuyệt vời ❤❤❤❤
  14. @naajimaavlogs: 42:08
  15. @naajimaavlogs: To suffer, to desire, It takes effort to achieve If everything is in harmony, success is guaranteed 🙌👍 All the best 5:56
  16. @ayeshakhanvlog-q2l: Nice sharing from @ ayesha Khan velog q21
  17. @timothymcglynn1935: thanks
  18. @Julietes4real: Thanks YouTube for this tip
  19. @shamashaikh-l7c: ❤❤❤
  20. @TrendTuneOfficial: great video

- This 19 Year Old Broke YouTube Shorts - Jenny Hoyos: Kind: captions Language: en today's guest has broken the YouTube shorts algorithm people just get lucky it's not a luck thing with her unique blend of novelty uncertainty and personalized storytelling she's generated billions of views and mastered the art of hooking in an audience from the very first second what's the most money you've made from one video it's in the range that could be considered a person's salary at just 19 years old she's been compared to the likes of both Mr Beast and Ryan Tran rightfully so when I was in high school one year I had 100 absences one of the most impressive creators I've had the pleasure of speaking with Jenny Hoyos welcome to the Jack nil podcast oh I'm so excited to be here this is like this is legit we got the tissue boxes everything I'm ready to go yeah guys we are at VidCon right now um this is one of the more jeny setups of the podcast we just did this briefly in the past 20 minutes with a hotel room um we have a tissue box for decoration yeah we are we're vibing so uh Jenny before you give us a master class on the art of viral storytelling which will be later in the podcast let's talk about some of the more interesting viral videos that you've done um I think one that you really liked and one I've watched as well is you sold all of your family stuff yeah yeah that was crazy so uh basically just like for initial context I don't like faking videos like I want things to be like as real as possible because I I get natural reactions and also like I don't want people to say that I just fake videos that just doesn't look good so in the video basically the concept was to sell things in my family's house little by little starting with one room and then multiple rooms and then like until eventually like everything is gone and I'm going to keep doing it until they notice and my family legitimately didn't know I was actually doing this so oh wow yeah they actually didn't know so it started with small Decor how many people are in your house it's uh it's like five of us four four to five got you um um well if you five if you count the dog so so yeah it's it's four of us but basically I I started with smaller items and worked my way up until like the end of the video my parents came home cuz they were working they came back home yeah to the furniture just being gone and a whole moving crew uh being there and they were they were in shock so yeah it was it was a very exciting video um it was very like cheap that's what I'm known for Mr Beast on a budget it's like high stakes while still being low budget so yeah it was a great video I love it h so okay so what was the first thing you took in the house I started with uh Decor like they have like little crystals and paintings and small stuff like that and when did they they didn't notice until like all the furniture was out and like moving guys were there and stuff so the thing is they did notice the things were missing but like they didn't really care so they didn't really say anything like they were just like the room feels naked so they they they obviously noticed but they just didn't have any issue with it h so what appealed you about this video like where did you kind of come up with this idea uh why did you think it was interesting yeah tell me about some of that yeah um honestly like I was trying to brainstorm video ideas and I thought to myself like what is the craziest things that I want to do that I think would just be funny like I try to think of just what's funny even if if it's feasible if it's not feasible and I'll go from there and and pull back so it can be feasible if needed but like I swear that was the first thing I came up with what would be hilarious if I sold everything in my house H that's really interesting yeah and how' that video do is that like a one out of 10 for you it's like an eight of 10 eight of 10 it's like an eight of 10 but you know what I'm proud of the video it's it's a long form video I'm usually known for making short form content and that's like where all my virality like skill goes into got you yeah another video you did your most popular viral video so you looked through 10,000 Rare Coins oh that one that one has over 5 million views yeah it's it's wild I thought that video is going to flop it's so boring imagine a video looking through like 10,000 coins like it's it's as boring as it sounds but I guess the idea was intriguing because you know we we packaged it in the right way in the aspect of not going towards like the boring like making the video like just me searching for it we like focus more on the story of like you know if you find the right Penny it could be worth a million dollars and how there's lots of rare coins so the tension was very high in fact like at the end of the video for a minute straight we we had like perfect retention 0% of people left like for a whole minute at the end just to see like if I like actually found something rare so walk me through this video like how did you like find the coins what did you do yeah oh my goodness so I went to like five different banks and I just like asked for like $100 of each coin basically um and then I sorted through them um I basically just Googled like what rare coins look like and I tried to look for like those like aspects in the coins I don't even know it's kind of complicated honestly but then at the end of it like I went to a a like a place where you can sell these Rare Coins like a pawn shop or something or was it specific it was like a coin show basically and uh basically got those coins valuated um and the good thing is there it's like you make money without having to lose money because yeah I had to I had to spend like what $500 to the coins with those coins then you can go to the grocery store and pay for it like you know the machines like that let you pay and you can dump the coins that's what we' just been doing so what was the rarest coin you found um bro I was not lucky at all I think uh okay I found like a a uh like a half a cent coin that was like made of 60% silver or something like that and how much was that worth like 20 bucks is worth 20 bucks so it's like a 50 cent coin that was worth 20 bucks so this is really like an infinite money glitch it is an infinite money glitch it just takes a lot of time so do you think you could like build a business around that just like getting a bunch of people make this is an actual business which is crazy I don't know like how people make a living doing this I think because there's machines that do this for you you can dump a bunch of coins in a machine and the Machine like can sort it for you I think that's how I would imagine yeah so what did you think was like interesting about this video like why why did you go for it infinite money glitch I thought it was a good idea just cuz um I mean everyone finds pennies and coins around the floor like there's like it's something that everyone can do Y and it's I mean it's it's uh it has it has a lot of novelty behind it it's interesting I was going to say it's your most expensive video because you spent like what $1,000 or a few thousand like maybe a th 500 to a th000 or something but you got all the money back exactly right so it's really like your most profitable video that's really interesting what's the most you've spin on a YouTube video like nearly $30,000 $30,000 yeah what' you do in that video I bought a car oh for my mom yeah tell me about that why'd you buy a car for your mom yeah so that video was sponsored so it definitely helps um the brand didn't cover everything yeah I can't disclose how much they paid but it wasn't it didn't they didn't buy the car but um just for initial context like we don't have like a working car like well now we do but basically like it was crazy like that that week we had two we have two cars and those two cars broke like I mean they were kind of old so so yeah it was unfortunate and a brand notion reached out to me and they said they wanted to wanted to do uh a video showcasing if you can think it you can make it happen with notion and I was like oh a good idea is if you can think it you can make it happen so I'll buy anything you can draw and I knew my mom was going to ask for a car so I was like already like calculating okay I was like beforehand I was asking her like random questions like we be like in the street and I'll be like oh that's a nice car just to like see her what kind of car she like just so like engage the budget for the video so you bought the car before she even Drew anything so you ask your mom like anything you iy I was like gauging what she would want and I knew she would want a car cuz the car is broke yeah it was bad but like I was trying to gauge how much it would actually cost to produce that video beforehand so I knew she was going to ask for a car and I knew exactly what car she was going to ask for just cuz I was like gauging it so you go up to your mom you say anything you draw I'll buy you yeah and she had no idea I was actually going to do it she thought I was gonna buy her like um she didn't know it was sponsored she didn't like have any like idea what was going to happen she thought it was going to be um I do this thing called Mr Beast on a budget where like I do a twist she thought I was going to buy like a mini version of whatever she Drew yeah so it it was pretty funny CU When she showed up when we showed up to the dealership um she she thought that everyone was in on the prank and it was going to be like a toy car and the dealer was going to hand us out but no it was it was legit that that's that's basically the thought process behind what happened and what was her reaction I'm sure she cried a lot and stuff yeah she was okay here's the thing she wanted to cry but she thought it was a prank she thought it was a prank until like a week pass and the car was still like in our house she was like oh so like this isn't like a rental like we we actually have the car that's crazy cuz I'm known for being cheap like not even just in my videos outside the videos too I'm pretty cheap where do you kind of get that from because I've spoken with some other creators who have some uh Frugal Tendencies but you're definitely one of the most I think Graham Stefan might be a little more frugal than you um maybe maybe probably um yeah I guess uh the frugality probably comes from like that's just how I was raised I mean my mom was an extreme couponer so like we would get free groceries all the time and it doesn't matter what brand it was I would have to eat the food because that's just what we had yeah um but then also like I I just always liked maximizing my money so like I guess sometimes like let's just say like uh my mom would give me like $10 when we go into the store she like you can buy whatever you want like I like always try to calculate okay how can I maximize this let me look at the the clearance discount I just always wanted to maximize like the money I was getting or find how I can like grow it so like oh maybe if I buy something and I sell it I don't know I've always just had that entrepreneurial spirit I feel cuz my parents are both entrepreneurs so so what do your parents do um well now they just do my they just help with my YouTube stuff yeah and um I guess like they just have like Investments basically but literally they just work for me now my mom has her own channel so like that's how she like makes her money now which is kind of crazy that's kind of crazy to be 19 years old and hire your parents or like get them started with their own businesses yeah it's kind of crazy but beforehand um when I was a kid they did Amazon FBA really so that's how they made a lot of their money um this is so funny we were just talking about this before the podcast there's a 15-year-old kid I know his name is Daniel and his parents are like Drop shippers like I'm 22 almost 23 and I feel like the younger people i' talk to like their parents do the more like traditional Dr like what do you mean your parents do Amazon FBA like that's crazy to me my parents do like a furniture store you know yeah I mean I mean they're like 50 years old though I guess they're just like they're just in with it I guess yeah so they they um I didn't expect that I just met her mom uh downstairs in the lobby and she's just like this sweet lady and like I never expect her to be like a Amazon FBA Cutthroat business woman funny it's very funny yeah um so what products did they used to sell or it was a lot of kids toys kids toys that's cool um so they did Amazon FBA as well as they used to sell custom poker chips um so like one of their biggest clients that they did stuff for with Shaquille O'Neal oh nice so um that's pretty cool yeah yeah um but yeah now YouTubers I guess and Amazon FBA for those who don't know it's basically like Drop Shipping kind of or just like having your own product in the Amazon store Yeah so basically they would buy a bunch of things in bulk in the store that was like a really good deal like that was clearance sometimes they'll put clearance items for like like 90% off and there'll be a bulk of it and they'll buy all of it and then they'll ship it to Amazon and Amazon will fulfill it for them so they go to like Costco or something or like a pallet store or something like that I think they did it in Walmart Walmart Walmart has like a big clearance section and then if you scan with the Walmart app like it I don't really understand it fully or you can SC with the Amazon app but I don't know the concept is you buy a bunch of stuff and then you you send you ship it to Amazon and Amazon does the shipment for you you don't even have to ship it out to each person individually um so I've seen you do a lot of videos uh just saving money some are like how you made money doing different things like you had your dog pick uh stocks like worth like $10,000 or $1,000 or something and then another one you tried out Drop Shipping uh for a while what's like what do you think is a good opportunity for uh people our age younger people uh to like make money online right now I might be biased but I think like the easiest way to make money is in the Creator economy got because social media is like I feel like the fastest growing industry right now and there's so many like jobs that are in demand with like such a low Supply and you don't even need a degree to work for like a Creator you just need to have the skill or in some cases just a dedication and someone will teach you that skill so you're saying not be an influencer necessarily or a Creator like you're saying maybe work for them work for creators be the Creator uh the fastest way to initially make money is definitely working for creators yeah I would say I would agree with this I think people don't realize how many creators out there are struggling to find uh talented people and like creators make good money from their brand deals like you could find someone with probably 100,000 followers on Instagram and just ask to be their assistant or like post their videos for them you know posting videos takes a long time like do you post your own videos yeah I do it does take a long time well if someone watching this podcast needs a job apparently Jenny needs someone to post her videos exactly or like even like everyone always says this advice but I'm going to say like even like I would hire someone like I would hire anyone no one does this like I would hire anyone who literally like re-edits one of my videos or like even takes a long for a video and edits it to be like a good short or like I don't like basically if you or if you can create like a custom video showcasing your skills whether that be editing scripting producing whatever it is and and email it to me like you get an instant job because no one does that no one actually a lot of people send emails to me and they're like can I edit for you like I have this experience but if you just do the thing and send it if you send me an edited video send me an edited thumbnail like and it's good they're going to hire you you know we don't get that many emails we get a lot of emails but it's not as much as you'd think I don't know there's a lot of job opportunity there and if you eventually want to become a Creator yourself it's probably the best way to learn but so you built a secret room for $0 yes that's exactly the video 144 million views that's it how much uh did that video make you uh 144 million views made me $7,000 in ad Revenue $7,000 that sounds amazing and that is amazing but how much do you think that would make on like a 10-minute video for instance I can't even do the math maybe like half Aon 900,000 half a million 900 half a million yeah shorts is not the best pay as far as that it's crazy to think about that if I would have made it like 10 seconds longer thought about making that just a long video I have thought about it which I will do in the future um but I'm just trying to like build a good foundation good team before like I just start cranking out like your most viral stuff yeah exactly the best I want to save the best ideas and I know that one would bang a long for him H what's interesting about Mr Beast is he actually does a lot of his old videos like if you go back three 5 years ago he'll just redo them with his like new team and new structure I think a lot of people don't realize that you can look at your old content and it is if it was viral 3 years ago it's probably viral now um you just have to make it a little better or a little different in some way I don't know yeah because a lot of ideas still fit the same human psychology the wants needs desires I mean a lot of our like a lot of human like desires haven't even changed like for the entire lifetime of humans probably right so you know the ideas I feel like a lot of ideas can be Evergreen if they are um but the the style and the way it's edited is what's constantly changing that's why it's like recreated it's not the the base concept exactly but tell me about the uh Z secret room like what went into that like give me the process of that yeah so okay okay I know in the beginning I said I don't fake videos but I'm being exposed you faked the video cuz that one was fake but that one was like a year ago so we don't we don't we don't count that we don't count that 2024 is different 2024 is different but basically um I saw a bunch of secret room videos popping off and I had this idea for the longest time but I always thought it was cringe and in my head I was telling myself like like oh I had so many ideas I wanted to do but I kept telling myself they're cringe and I realized like to a certain extent like I was like that's such a limiting belief like I have so many ideas I would probably bang but I don't want to do it because it's cringe like I think I just have to go for it and maybe even try to see how I can make it not cringe even though it's still kind of cringe the fact I'm doing a secret room like but anyway um basically I knew I wanted to make that and I already had like a closet under my staircase like my house stairs has like a closet underneath and I was like kind of like a Harry Potter closet kind of thing yeah like if I don't I never watch Harry Potter but I would assume so it was like it was a it was a storage room so I was like okay let me clean out the storage room let me put a piece of drywall over the closet door and then break a hole into it and pretend that I found a secret room and I'm going to build it um and that was like basically the pre-production that went into it and as far as like like why I went with the 0 angle I don't think I had to I just did it cuz people know me as a cheap skate and I wanted to have something that was like different so many people have done secret rooms what's different about mine I just added that just so it's like oh this is proving that I didn't copy anyone it's slightly different at least I know what you mean so how did you come up with that idea I saw that was very trendy on YouTube how do you how do you steal content yes so I like to steal from or not steal steal like an artist it's better I don't I don't just copy people one for one but like I take inspiration by looking at outlier videos typically I'll like every morning and night I'll go on the trending page and I'll just like scroll through the shorts that are on there to get a and when you say outliers what do you mean outlier yeah so outlier in videos that like overperform typically for the Creator it's like 3x their average is what I look for got you so if a creator has videos they average 100,000 views one of them gets 300,000 400,000 those are the ideas that you think are interesting because it's not just their typical audience watching it it's like they captured a new audience or like broke their own algorithm in a way yeah exactly they broke through their own algorithm so I'll look for those ideas um so first I I I'll watch trending and I'll take note of that just to like I guess uh the way I explain it it's like to warm my brain up to like what is the content that's working and yeah I'll just scroll through YouTube but recently Mr Beast launched view stats so I've been finding a lot of outliers with their view stats Pro do you think Mr Beast software is effective oh it's good because you find the outliers you could basically um I sort through shorts and then I put the filter of 3x average and then you find all the outliers like immediately H what's like what's a way you use his softare W that like other people aren't you think or like what's something you're looking for that other people aren't like I would assume that if you put it in the average person's hands who wants to be a YouTuber you're going to utilize it more effectively like what are you doing when you get on us stats I think the biggest difference that I do is I don't look for like there's a filter that you could see how many subscribers a creator has sometimes people tend to look at the videos that these big creators are making that are going viral yeah worst idea exactly big creators aren't looking at other big creators they're looking at the people 20,000 followers who got those 20,000 followers last week you know exactly cuz it's like how did this random person make something so interesting that it like broke through the algorithm in this way you know exactly that's why I try to look for the people that like have less than 100,000 subscribers who are getting like big outliers you only look for people with like small followings I I try to look for people with small followings because if it works for someone who has no following it's probably going to work for you especially if you have a following and then where do you go from there so like you find some outlier video yeah so once I find the outlier videos that I want to recreate I find a way to either twist or elevate it so what I mean by twist is basically incorporating your personal brand into it yeah where I think it's very important to have a personal brand so that every time you have your own style and taste and for example I found a video where someone got like the most expensive frozen yogurt cup and I was like oh this is this went viral this is really cool but it's not my brand I'm a cheap skate okay I'm going to make the Le expensive one and I was like that's my favorite video I've seen from you recently the beginning of that was so like eye capturing like how did you how did you come up with that yeah so um I try to have as minimal focal points as possible and I want the video to start where the action is and if the action is trying to get frozen yogurt it should start with me already getting frozen yogurt so that's basically how I thought about it but it was like beautiful colors too like do you think about those things or were you really just super important so like before we film we'll see like what is the Loc background colors and I'll dictate what I'm going to wear based on that so I will like try to like this is the stuff I do guys this is the real like YouTube I hate to say Riz like strategy you know like people don't talk about like color theory and like how important like the visual Hook is scroll on your Instagram for 2 seconds and tell me if you see someone wearing like a white or a black shirt you know like look at Jenny right now she's wearing like this colorful like where did you say it was from it's a Sidman like me I'm wearing red I know it's a very like vibrant color um there's a lot of thought that goes into these things but so what else besides so you go to the location you look at the colors do you look if it's like a visually unique yogurt shop like do you like look on Tik Tok see like uh like coolest yogurt spots in LA or Miami so typically I'll like try to find like the I'm trying to explain how to word it but like the least busiest as far as like visuals like I don't want a location that has like stuff on the wall like I want it to be like typically I want like the background to be generally plain so it's not distracting yeah um in that case that was the only like yogurt shop that was like fairly close to me so I had to go with that one but generally I try to go for like the least busy location H interesting do you do any like other research on the front end like kind of the things I was talking about like if you're in Japan for instance where you look up most viral tourist spots in Japan and just try to like incorporate those into your videos because you know they're already viral and outl I have never tried that actually since a lot of my videos are filmed like in my like in my house honestly or like or not even in in my house or in um basic locations since a lot of my content people know me as like the relatable like broke person I guess like you know do you is there any thought behind you intentionally coming off as relatable like do you like try to not uh like do certain things or like alter your house in some way or like I know you film on your phone right for your videos I I film on my phone to keep it relatable I love wearing relatable clothes I love wearing Crocs for example like right now I'm wearing like $150 shoes which are like still like not even like compared to like what other people buy like I try not to wey that cuz that's like that's even not relatable like but Crocs is like 20 50 bucks like that's relatable I try to like stay as relatable as possible uh with the viewer so feel like that resonates really well you know people don't like it when their creators like make it big and are like annoying or snobby that's the common thing yeah someone makes it big makes a lot of money off YouTube and then Their audience doesn't like them anymore and they're like why it's like cuz you're not relatable anymore like you changed exactly very common so I want to stay uh relatable and I like I like showing I guess um flaws is the word how how do you how do you show your flaws making fun of myself being honest like it's funny cuz when we edit our videos M we take the worst takes like like not like worst takes as far as like bad angles but like like the take that I didn't think would make it somehow always makes it it's it's so weird cuz it's funny cuz it's like or sometimes like the most natural moment like sometimes I'll talk to the camera or the editor giving like editing notes or say something funny just CU I'm in the moment and like I didn't think it was even going to make of the video we we like that's that's an example of like we show what I didn't think I was going to show cuz I just real do you think um real life is more interesting than uh fiction usually I think real life is more interesting Than Fiction I feel like in fiction you can fabricate things to make it seem cooler or crazier but it's even cooler if you can do crazy things in real life I feel like you get the real natural reactions it's more timec consuming to uh do organic genuine stuff but I think you get a better result oh definitely Mr Beast is super like dialed into uh making sure all of his stuff is legit and like there's nothing fake going on yeah I take a lot of inspiration from that that's exactly what I want to do H tell me about um so you got $1,000 worth of stuff from companies yes I did that was a video that was hilarious um so basically in the video um I tried a bunch of different methods to get free stuff from companies and the reason why I made that video um this is another one so some of my favorite videos are things that when I think to myself like what are things that other people can also do for themselves like I like providing value to others cuz that tends to like you know um get subscribers shares comments like better engagement uh with the viewers and then viewers like that so that's how I came up with that idea like thinking about like what's things people can do and I intentionally when I was making that video um I want I didn't want to use my influencer status to get free stuff like that was the last resort so like even the whole video was like me trying to get free stuff normal methods that people can try out for themselves and at the end I tried an influencer like telling them that I'm an influencer and I'm G to uh promote your product or whatever um yeah I I I love that video so much I got like $1,000 worth of free stuff like what companies did you contact I contacted like every company it feels like like it was like it was 100 companies like I feel like it's almost every every company that gives free stuff like all the big ones you know PepsiCo uh um Nabisco um I feel like as many companies you can think of like those own like a bunch of who gave you like the best bang for your buck like who who gives the most free stuff ah okay this is so Random Bob's Redmill oats Bob's Redmill oats yeah that's it's so random but they gave me a bunch of for oats and their oats are expensive yeah um and that wasn't like a you didn't use your influencer status to get that you just kind of like like I'm a fan of the oats yeah I love your oats they're my favorite oats it's actually funny cuz in the video I called uh quick oats and I said oh your guys' oats are my favorite right after I called Bob's Red like your guys' oats are my favorite yeah so I was just telling every company that like they're my favorite who didn't give you anything free like did McDonald's give you free stuff uh McDonald's gave me a free thing yeah what' they give you uh like a what was it a coupon for a fra frappe huh yeah so how like what numbers did you call I just Googled customer support for these companies and did you like complain or were you just like hey I'm a big fan like can I was I so my my grandma and I were competing where I was going from the I was coming from the aspect of a fan of these companies my grandma was like just like trashing these companies telling them how bad they are how like they make her their food makes her sick or whatever she got more like she she she got a lot more stuff like complaining so negativity gets you more free stuff basically unfortunately yeah an unhappy customer gets you more free stuff that's good to know yeah my mom isn't the best with customer service or I mean I thought she wasn't she's always kind of rude to employees I always take the nice approach but I mean apparently I mean you you have the data being negative is more effective it's unfortunate yeah but be nice to customer service people guys don't give them a hard time for some free McFlurries well they do it cuz they're uncomfortable and they don't know what else to do so it's like you're ruining their day well not ruining their day but you know bring them in a little bit of a bad mood that's really in exchange for free stuff yeah what's the loophole you Ed to get stuff for free oh Extreme Couponing yeah yeah so for context I made a video called I found a loophole to shop for free um and the the the loophole was couponing but I didn't want to title the video like Extreme Couponing cuz like who's going to click on that yeah um that that sounds boring I tried to find 2000s exactly I tried to find I always try to find the most viral aspect of an idea and how could I package it that way and I like to call that like turning coal into diamond where like coal can be turned into diamond right but you don't want to say like oh I bought you coal you say I bought you a diamond right so that's exactly what what I tried to do there and loophole was Extreme Couponing where my mom and I did a competition to see uh who can get um the best deal basically doing and your mom was an extreme couponer all of her life she yeah she has experienced doing couponing why did I decide to compete against her I don't I just thought it would be fun did she did she beat you bad I think you know what's crazy we ended up teaming up at the end yeah like we were going to do a competition but we would get more free stuff if we just like shared what what like what coupons I found so then we can both get those coupons and we can double our stuff and that's what we just did at the end of the video how much free stuff did you get I believe it was like $150 worth of stuff for $10 for $10 yeah so do you think that's like a viable thing for people to do like who don't make a lot of money 100% viable it's super easy to do what's your biggest like coupon hack okay yes the biggest coupon hack is coupon stacking this is like so Niche and random but basically you can use multiple coupons on one item so the store has books and they give like when you enter your storees Tom sign they have Flyers that have coupons so like you can get like $1 off of a drink right but if you go on the website for that drink let's just say you can find the manufacturer coupon which gives you another dollar off so that's $2 off the drink um and then on top of that there's cash back apps where like you know when you scan the receip and you get cash back so there's like this app called ibata where you like scan products ibata ibata so then basically I think they're affiliated with the the product to help sales for that product and basically you can get another dollar off the product if you have like a cash rebay app so let's just say now we just had $3 off that drink now the drink either is for free or they have to pay you yeah cuz you just you can't so the end they paid you guys $120 or you just got $120 with a stuff it was like $150 for $10 so basically some products they would pay you back um and other products you would just save money so like because theoretically we could have made it so that they paid us they would have given us like a Store gift card but I didn't want that to be a case so we just added like an extra item so that like we just paid a small amount rather than getting the gift card if that makes sense but that's like the the hack how long did that take you to get that $150 dang it was like I mean was also filming during the process yeah but it was honestly like a it was like a day shoot oh it was a full day it was like a day yeah so if you were going to speedrun it like how fast do you think you could get like $1,000 worth of free stuff now that I already film like like if I don't have to film it and I already know like that was me learning it I learned it on did it on one day like maybe 10 hours for $1,000 was free sty 10 hours maybe 10 hours yeah so this is like a thing for people to do that's this viable but if you do it with someone else maybe cut the time what takes the longest time is like cutting the things but actually what saves a lot of time is there are people online that do this for you so you could search up YouTube videos where someone like already gives you all the resources in the description you just print out the coupons and they already did all the work for you huh so um that is a method as well actually and that and if you do that method it's going to take you like an hour and you get just all the free stuff that's crazy I I didn't think couponing was legit I thought it was just like kind of a scam to get you to the store and buy more stuff but it it it could be a scam but have the loopholes yeah yeah if you yeah it it takes a lot of practice but if you find the people who like do all the work for you you just print out what they did and you're good talking about YouTube um you have about 4 million subscribers now uh how many views do you have like about two billion about to be two uh two billion I have like 1.5 billion gotcha nice so what is the best piece of advice you've ever re received oh I've ever received oh that's tough um it could be about YouTube it could be about business life I mean there's there's so much advice I mean outside of YouTube just in general like I mean health is wealth like that I feel like that's the the best advice for sure wealth yeah got you um why has that been crucial for you well well for one like I used to I used to be that person that would like pull all nighters or stay up really late and then like barely sleep to like get a bunch of work done but then like your quality of work isn't even that well but if you're healthy you have so much more energy even if you're like spending less time working your quality of work is so much better like it's really interesting hearing this from a 19-year-old you know like you hear uh like a lot of these uh like you hear health is wealth from a guy who's like in his 70s or 80s right but like you're 19 like why is health is wealth so crucial to you like you feel like you get better work done more quality stuff like you feel more cognitively ready oh yeah I definitely get better quality work done um but yeah like like we briefly chatted about before I also have like I guess like you could say serious like health conditions that make it like hard to like even live so if I don't take hyper care of myself then I'm like I can't even do anything like tell me about those yeah yeah like for example like when I was in high school one year I missed oh I had a 100 absences 100 absences yeah the school year doesn't even have like what I said like 200 something days like on 200 days so it's like I was gone for like basically half of the school year I thought I was bad I I think my Max was like 30 in a year oh that's not bad but 100 absences so so what was what was going on Yeah Yeah so basically I do you know what lactose intolerance is yeah so can't drink milk or ice cream or chees all that stuff so I have that but I also have other intoler intolerances and it works the exact same way that it's like when you eat it you just it just hurts or you have to use a bathroom or you can't use a bathroom so for me those intolerances are sucrose maltose binos lactose um I think those are basically sucrose that's like in everything right exactly exactly so basically I have an intolerance to everything except meat but I don't like eating meat because it gives me a headache I don't know I think it's I don't know what it is um so yeah it's a very like it's very tough so then I have to take like a bunch of pills but then on top of that I have IBS and then I'm allergic to what's IBS uh irritable bowel syndrome which basically is separate from that it's just that I just have inflamed uh inflammatory system and then I also have um I don't even know how to pronounce it but another thing that like has like gas build up like basically gas builds up and never comes out um in my stomach um and also a couple of allergies so like basically that means like eating is like a a struggle and before like for the longest time I didn't even know what I could eat or what I couldn't eat because like doctors didn't even know like because this is like such a rare thing doctors didn't even know was going on why everything I ate was getting sick they tried to put me on so many diets because ultimately the truth was I cuz I can't eat anything I just have to take a bunch of pills so that I can eat but even if I take the pills I still get sick so like a really hard thing to like yeah I mean that that's worse than mine our last guest he's a carnivore big Health guy and I was telling him about some of my stuff uh I can't really have like fruit um I kind of struggle with dairy as well but like that's that's rough like you can only eat meat like is it only steak can you have chicken like yeah so I here's what's crazy so technically like I'm only like supposed to eat meat but like for this past year like and same with fruits fruits would give me like a really bad stomach ache but like for the past year I've been like having like the cleanest ever diet this sounds funny um a lot I know a lot of people hate on this guy do you know who Brian Johnson is yeah yeah Brian Johnson the guy who's reversing his aging yeah I was scared that like to try his die cuz I'm like it's not going to work for me but I was like you know what let me try it out because like it seems like he knows what he's doing he looks like he's kind of getting younger and unironically his diet actually hasn't been making my stomach hurt but everything else I and what is his diet he's vegan yeah he is vegan but imagine his diet with chicken yeah chicken and eggs yeah um basically um but it's it's it's like basically a lot of vegetables so um for lunch I eat lento soup with vegetables and for dinner I have a purple potato with chicken um and more vegetables it's just a very like clean natural like Diet the way I try to explain it to people is like um think about like what people ate like in the ancient times like what people call it like paleo like and that's the foods you should be eating like I eat no refined sugar like I don't even like I don't even know how people eat that I eat no refined sugar I don't eat bread I don't eat anything that has flour gluten like it's just like fruits vegetables and chicken I'm guessing your life has got much better has it made you like more productive and like happier and like more productive exactly because now like before if like I'm in pain I'm out for five hours of the day you know so now I'm more productive but I also have more energy than I ever have I don't even drink coffee or caffeine cuz that that would make me sick as well like and I still have like just so much energy so it's definitely like the diet like Diet is like super important or health in general I'm I'm really into like also like just maximizing like my sleep I also like just I'm really on just like Health you have an or ring oh you do have an or ring on I think I have one on too yeah definitely not a sponsorship but definitely would recommend uh tracking your sleep cuz a lot of people think they get eight hours but in reality you're getting like six it's like to really get eight hours of sleep you have to sleep like nine or 10 hours I mean exactly or or people people think even if it's just the hours it's like also the quality of sleep like if you went to sleep stressed or if you ate before you went to sleep like an hour before your heart rate's going to be up and then you're not going to be you know sleeping properly lot of people like drink before they go to bed I don't know a lot of things but sleep is definitely the easiest thing you can do to fix your health and that makes the biggest impact um 100% but I think I think the largest impact from having guests on the podcast and talking to people recently I thought exercise was huge but I think diet is far more impactful and far easier honestly yeah I feel like Diet is the most important and then sleep cuz I feel like you if you have a bad diet and you're eating late then your sleep would get messed up yeah so I guess it's like Diet affects sleep and then like exercise helps that's like oh I would rank it at least that's interesting congrats on that I'm glad to hear that you're doing better at least I am doing better sounds like a struggle but I'm sure you'll figure out more things thing I don't go out to eat anywhere I haven't gone out to eat in over a year like you know what's so funny like every time I travel I have to go to the grocery store I have the groceries delivered my hotel I always have to get a hotel room with a kitchen and I have to like cook my hotel room you've been cooking while you're here I've been I've been cooking I've been cooking go yeah I caught myself with a knife like yesterday I don't know if you see it where that on my finger oh jeez yeah I'm always cooking but I meal prep so like I just make the lentils I freeze it and then I just have to heat it up for the rest of the week H what's the worst piece of advice you've ever received worst piece of advice I probably forgot it because like probably it was the worst yeah um I'm trying to think I mean I've heard I've heard a lot of bad advice it would probably have to be like like people from school telling me that like because I because I used to do YouTube when I was in school like telling me that like it's not going to work or like your videos suck or like you should stop like doing that like that would imagine if I would have listened to that I wouldn't be here like if I would have listened to that so that that probably is the worst just like stop doing YouTube yeah or like that it's not a viable career it's not like a it's not going to go anywhere like or people just get lucky it's not a luck thing you know some people can get lucky but it's not a luck thing you don't think it's luck it's definitely skill hm it's definitely skill people can get lucky but it's definitely skill what percentage of creators do you think it's like Luck versus skill um it depends if for talking YouTube I would definitely say 99% of creators have the skill and that's why they're popular but if we're talking like Tik Tok Instagram I would say only like the complete opposite 1% have skill no comment but agreed um yeah I I I would agree with that for for sure uh a lot of people blow up and don't continue with it um they go irrelevant after 3 years I but YouTube there is no blowing people go like honestly like I wonder where all these people are like these these influencers these musically people yeah so many people have vanished there's like a trend on Tik Tok right now where it's like uh I don't know like shows like creators that have stayed and then the one person that left have you seen that um I I feel like I have you mean like like the David Dober group and then like Jeff Whit is like not part of yeah yeah it's like where did they go I don't know but what's the most money you've made from one video from one video like just from ad Revenue you can do either I mean AD revenue is a secret room 7,000 um and from most I made from a video you don't have to say the brand you can just say a number it might be it might be too much it's it's it's it's uh it's it's in the range that could be considered a person's salary for a year we'll say that wow we'll say that I feel like that's a big you made a person's salary from one video it was how long was the video uh 30 seconds 30 second video person salary yeah wow I guess we can't really talk about what you did in the video but uh but I mean that is like a complete outlier no it's not this is the bare minimum okay it's yeah okay I guess this is your typical rate a person's salary only for Jenny that's funny huh Jenny um I think a big reason that you've done so well on social media is because of uh the beginning of the videos what's your secret to creating a viral hook yeah so I have a three-step formula that I go through when I make every video the first thing I do is I try to make sure it's visually shocking you know so when someone's scrolling through you want it to like catch their eye immediately like what can you show that will immediately tell them like oh wait what's going on here how long do you think you have before they scroll like a second honestly less than a second or a second about a second a second I think you a second like people consider it and then they scroll like I will say that um but their consideration is like a second um a second is longer than people think honestly as a Short's greater a second feels long um definitely but yeah so the first thing is it has to be visually shocking just to catch their eye the second thing is I want it to establish the right expectation so what I mean by that is you want to say what the video is going to be about while also showing it so you don't just want to have your face at the camera saying what you're doing today you want to like do it while you're saying it so like if someone let's just say is cooking say what you're cooking while you're already like cutting something like show that like oh like we're already getting into it I have that proper expectation and she she said this promise and she's already fulfilling with on it immediately so that's what I mean by setting an expectation and the third thing is giving a promise at the end of the video so you want the viewer to not only be or a payoff like a yeah like a establish a payoff so you don't want so now you made the you caught the person's attention you stopped them from scrolling and you're giving them an expectation now like they're deciding is this the video I want to watch and now you're giving them another reason to watch by telling them that like oh there's something at the end like you can't stop watching until the end of the video and that's why the Hook is so important because it not only C catches a viewer's attention but if it's a really good hook it only if it's a really good hook it not only catches their attention but also gets them to watch until the end to see what that promises so if we're going to clip this conversation for instance you say you would say maybe I have a three-step formula uh to making any video go viral but the third step will shock you you know what I'm saying and then once you say the third step like it makes them like really interested to stay around to the end like exactly it exactly H what do you think about when you think of uh like a visually interesting hook cuz I think this is super underrated um and honestly hard to explain to people you know like who aren't visually like a lot of men in particular are super like logical and they just think about like the scripting of their video and like the words being perfect like but they don't see the big picture of like the visuals matter more than what you're saying like 100% and another thing I want to add is you don't want to say the same thing that you're like always showing cuz people especially if people are watching and they see like people don't you to make a video that's like for example like I'm holding an ice cream cone and I'm going to put ice cream in the cone and I'm going to eat it like you don't need toate like everything you do like in fact you want to do the opposite while like you're talking about something while like doing it um so yeah I'm very keen on like the visuals like like constantly like having say the opposite of what you're doing kind of like yeah to to it kind of cohesively so it goes together so be like let's just say give me an example so if we're filming you uh pulling a tissue out of this what would you say um you know my nose is really stuffy and I don't know I think I got sick um for example so it's like it goes along my nose is stuffy it's not I need a tissue you know exactly exactly can't be too on the nose yeah that was clever exactly I don't know where to put that um but yeah so but as far as like what's visually shocking we like to put a lot of fire in our hooks for no reason just cuz like I feel like that's an easy way to stop a scroll but that's like a that's a it's a bad way of doing it because it's like it's uh you weren't creative enough so you just like put something that was you know it's kind of a Band-Aid on the problem yeah exactly it works um but I would say like something that's visually clear and big colorful that's what I tend to think about like something that's like um like or even ju the position as well okay let's talk more about virality so when you think of a video idea let's say $1 Chick-fil-A Sandwich like what's the first thing you do to create that hook like what are you thinking about yeah it's what could I visually show visuals always come first in anything that's why like I actually don't script my videos because what matters is like actually knowing what shots I want to get so you like storyboard it more than you script it oh yeah I it's not scripted like it's all just like we storyboard what we visually want to see and in post we'll see what visual we want to move forward with and then we put voice over under it afterwards um but yeah like when we're we're thinking about our hook we think of like I I I get my iPad and I draw a bunch of like different things that are you know like visually great as well as like how can we make the challenge or because usually I do challenges how can we make it start immediately like within that first second so an example is like I made a video called um is it faster to go inside or the drive-thru and within that hook we were trying to think of like I don't want to just ask the question I want to like are how can we show that The Challenge already started like how could we execute and sometimes it's logistically difficult so for example in that video um it was my me a car pulling up and me getting out of the car while saying the question I close the car door and the car drives behind me and um because the challenge already started so it's like I have to say that while like the CH the timer starts and I have to say that while everything's happening so um so you're saying it in the car and then the camera start I I start with me getting out of the car so it's like is it faster to go inside or the drive-thru because my mom is leaving in the car and I'm ordering inside it's all happening at the same time so it's faster to go inside or the drivethru it drives away cuz my mom's leaving in the car and it's my mom at the drive-through window and I'm ordering inside and it's a shot of me running inside so it's like we want the chall like we always want videos to like immediately start on what I said like that's the most important things the video needs to start like immediately yeah it needs to get going I think a lot of people would probably uh hear that concept and just like shoot a video of thems in front of a restaurant just saying that or like put b-roll of a drive-thru window like car going through and then Boll of like uh someone walking into a restaurant but you it's like this is me and my mom like competition it's happening right now you know it's like you can't scroll away if like you're like it's it's not a question anymore it's a challenge you know you've kind of been tricked into being introduced into that it's really interesting yeah yeah um so wrapping up here Jenny uh you're 19 you have 4 million subscribers 1.5 billion views um you have big platforms as well on Tik Tok Instagram uh but what does the future look like for your business yeah I am trying to be the biggest female Creator and to um I guess specify I want to have the most subscribers I want to be the most subscribed to female I would be the most subscribed to YouTuber but Mr Beast is going to be hard to pass so I could be a close second eventually who's the most subscribed female YouTuber I have no clue like it's it's weird cuz I try to Google it I always get like a different answer but that's why like I want it to be like it's it's a for sure thing like we know we know it's Jenny Hoyos like that's what I want it to be um so yeah right now I'm currently scaling the team email me if you want to work together email me your already edited video if possible yeah um how do you become the biggest female YouTuber I I mean I'm trying to tackle one thing at a time a lot of people like to put their all their eggs in one basket rather I'm like going all in in one thing like right now I'm trying to become the best at shorts and master shorts like averaging 100 million views per short I want to try and figure that out and then train my team to be able to do that for me and then Master long form content and train my team to do that for me and then we just Master different verticals um and like just like scaling from there that's like the strategy I'm trying to take so that's why I'm trying to scale a team and train um that's like the most important things like next steps for me right now um easier said than done but that sounds like a good blueprint yeah yeah it's it's easier said than done but I think the foundation not even Foundation the blueprint is the most important part when building a house H you said you're building a oh building a house like it's just like like hypothetic when you're building a house you know the blueprint is most important sometimes people just want to get started to building the house already but no you have to like you have to make your blueprint and build a good foundation how do you get a 100 million view video okay so it is very tough I think it would need to somewhat surpass a language barrier not completely like you don't need to be like not talking but at least like visually stimulating and very clear that you don't need the audio for it to make sense um super simple language as well incredibly simple these videos need to have like require zero context what you mean by that is like videos that don't like you use words that people everyone knows it's not a concept people on like that people are unaware of like for example everyone knows what a drive-through is yeah it's a concept that over like you you want it you don't want it to just be a concept of 100 million people and know because how do you know you're going to hit all 100 million people it's a concept you want like 3x of 100 million or whatever your goal is I would imagine like a concept that at least 300 million people understand I try to aim for like Concepts that like 1 billion people understand in case it only reaches 100 million at least that's my thought process aim for the stars shoot for the moon exactly huh what else about 100 million view video like what are some other things like if I told you Jenny you have one week to get 100 million view video and I'll give you a million dollars what are you doing oh what video am I doing what video what what are you thinking about what's the process yeah it would probably be a super simple video I would like look at just like whatever is already trending and just do something that's like when I say super simple I guess I'll be specific like even like videos that like have so many location changes or layers or things happening at the same time it's like very complex and hard to watch like you want it to be like so simple that you can be half asleep and you're still like following along with it um so it would probably be like you know pranks do very well like things that are visually like magic to do well so something along those lines like U maybe some sort of magic trick or like a very visual prank like a COC MOS for example like it needs to be something that's like very like Vis to get billions of views yeah probably a COC and Mentos but like how could you take it to another level like maybe a giant Coke and a giant Mento you know that would probably work that would get easily 100 million it's funny that uh the videos that get the most views sound like such bad ideas you know I'm going to do a cocas video but I'm going to do it better than anyone else has ever done it you know exactly yeah like Mr Beast does like what like uh train versus giant pit or like dangerous trap you know like that doesn't sound that interestingly it's so simple there's nothing to it but it's like so simple anyone can watch yeah it's interesting well Jenny it's been great having you on the podcast I wish you the best of luck and becoming the biggest female YouTuber and eventually taking on Mr Beast uh he just passed up T Series we're coming up we we're we're coming for you Mr Beast least I may be Mr Beast on a budget but I'm coming for you this is least is that what they call you that is what they call me I love it yeah awesome well thank you everyone this has been uh your guest Jenny Hoyos where can people find you you can find me on YouTube Jenny Hoyos and if you want to work directly with me feel free to email team@ Jenny hoo.com beautiful thank you everyone all right see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [22 likes]: Hey guys, sorry for the audio issues. Very janky set up haha…

PBD and Luke Belmar episodes coming soon 👀

Also, if you want to work with me on your content - claim your spot here jackneel.com
  2. @lauraesbonita [14 likes]: I am very proud of my granddaughter.  She is a smart creator . I love Jenny! ❤my granddaughter
  3. @Minnie-n7f [2 likes]: 44:40
  4. @Irish-King [2 likes]: 3 1/2 million subscribers only 7,000 views posted 3 weeks ago shoul tell you something about his content
  5. @ADOUGHNUTT [1 likes]: 15:08 only $7k? How?
  6. @SameehaChowdhury-d4u [1 likes]: I LOVE JENNY SO MUCH SHE IS MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER ❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @Corvo.Attano190 [1 likes]: Sigh oh sigh i say jack give up man its over you fallen out of relevancy the only way youll get views is by bringing on controversial figures you migh as well stop posting on this channel and start a new then at least you'll get bsck into the algorithm at this point i come only for the comments to se if there's any hope of you going back but no i must blind myself no more its over old friend you are not the man we once knew
  8. @cashodysseys: NGL the tissue box right there was sus
  9. @romeronlineyt: Great talk!! 🎉
  10. @MrTruthAddict: She needs to move out of the US. Her food allergy issues will go away. The US is one huge Frankenfood experiment.
  11. @573semobulls3: My last name is neel as well we might be cousins if your from the midwest
  12. @Cali_Girl1: Why are you guys sitting so far apart?
  13. @Amrender_Sharma: 25 minutes into the video and the use of word " like" is pissing me off
  14. @miahansen5660: Where can I find sign up to edit for her
  15. @Darkyy090: Not gonna lie but you will agree she looks little bit like mia kha*ifa
  16. @KyraSteinbach: Blue Welding Flames 💎
  17. @themoonwiththesunglasses4547: Why no one is talking about once jack broke twice as she did
  18. @k_teto24: She looks like 14 year old Mia Khalifa
  19. @xjsksksi: Bro you mistakenly asked a wrong question to Andrew, that "who is in power'?
  20. @soulbuddy-c1b: I just discovered your channel and I really like it

- Jenny Hoyos breaks down her most viral video ever (160M Views): Kind: captions Language: en Jenny Hoyos made this YouTube short that got 160 million views using a strategy that she perfected by creating over 150 videos over the last 2 years so today I sat down with her and she's going to break down exactly how she did this and how you can do it for yourself too I'm here with Jenny Hoyos we're going to be talking about shorts today and her shorts strategy and all the things that she's been doing with her Channel I want to start with going through just one of her actually her most viral video ever about 160 million views I built a secret room with 0 so first off why don't you start by just telling me like how you came up with the idea and the sort of concept behind the video before you decided to make it yeah so whenever I'm coming with ideas I'm always looking for trending topics or things that are already outliers on YouTube and I already knew that secret rooms were destroying it on YouTube like secret rooms always blow up and I didn't want to make the video for the longest time because I thought it was cringe but I started getting a lot more views when I realized like it doesn't matter if I'm cringe it doesn't matter what people think and it doesn't matter if I know I'm being cring if I'm getting views honestly so I decided to make the video anyway and I wanted to my unique twist to it by making the room on a budget since at the time that's what my Niche was about like doing things on a budget so that's how I came up with that idea yeah I think that's a really great way just like looking at Trends on YouTube and seeing what's doing well for other creators and then doing that with your format that you know you can Excel with exactly so let's go through the actual video itself start with maybe the hook SEC room with Z there's a whole room in here what are you doing you're destroying the house so how did you come up with this hook and what did you try to accomplish like with your shorts hooks in general in all my my hooks I always have a three-step formula for one I want there to be immediate shock and in this video we had immediate shock with me breaking a literal hole in the wall and then the second thing is I established expectations of the video and I did that by simply saying what we're going to do in the most concise way as possible I'm building a a secret room with 0 I'm building a secret room with z and then after that we we had immediate conflict as well with my mom getting mad at me what are you doing you're destroying the house what to also show more expectations of the video of that we are going to tell a story and there's something more than just me building this room and we followed that up with the third thing which is giving a reason to watch until the end we did that by showing a blurred image of what the secret room was going to look like but it wasn't too blurred that you couldn't see that it wasn't cool it was just blurred enough to see like it's going to look cool if that makes sense so how important would you say shorts hooks are to the performance of the video oh my goodness hooks are the most important thing for me I think it's it's the most important thing because if you have a really good hook again it's not only going to stop people like from scrolling like this is what actually catches people attention if you don't have a good hook then the rest of the video doesn't matter so not only is it important for getting people onto the video but the hook is what gets people to watch until the end the hook is what gets people invested do you know what percentage of your views are coming from like the actual shorts feed versus people clicking on it 99% of views yeah so it's really all about like getting people to stop scrolling through the shorts feed and then getting them to watch and especially I think the element of including something in in the hook that makes people watch to the end is really powerful and that's something I think a lot of shorts creators aren't really doing a lot of people just know of course you want to do a good hook but including that element that gets people to watch the end is really powerful you have to yeah so after the hook is over where where do you go after the hook is done in terms of just progressing the content and the storytelling I'm I'm trying to think how to award this okay so right after the hook we just got right into the content with me already making the room and we wanted every single next thing to happen to have a significant amount of progression and in between the next steps and different things that happen we also did more rehook throughout the video so the next thing we did was I covered the walls so that's like immediately there's something completely different like that's visually shown and then right after I do that I tell the viewers again oh I'm building a secret room with with 0 and then we get to the next thing and we keep just building on it with more re hooks in between so do you think it's important to start action like right away after the hook or do you ever have shorts where you have the hook and then it's a little bit slower oh the action needs to be as soon as possible in fact the action is so slow on this video like ideally the action is in the hook so I have videos where the hook is the action or I'm already doing like step one well technically there is um there is some form of action but because I had the uh the reason to watch to the end was a little bit longer it kind of delayed the next course of action so now what we actually do is um we we like to do a lot of question hooks which which can tell us not only what the video is about but also what's going to happen at at the end in the same line I don't know if that makes sense but in this video like it's two different lines cuz you have to say what you're doing what to watch until the end but with a question it's just it's already telling you what's going to happen at the end and what you're doing okay let's go to the next part of the video us for walls it's just a bunch of progression and re hooks the whole time yeah so here you have like some conflict of like you ran out of wrapping paper and you have to go get some more so you're there's a little bit of like problems come up but then you kind of solve them just cause effect rehook cause effect rehook cause effect rehook so many re hooks there's like six in here yeah and real quick if you want more help taking your skills to the next level as a Creator I just finished completely updating and overhauling our free YouTube Creator boot camp where I'll take you through step byep the best way to grow a YouTube channel from zero even if you've never made videos before or don't know what to create and in that boot camp we go super in-depth and I also give out a ton of extra free bonuses like a free mini thumbnail course and some extra free training sent to your email again you can check that out completely for free at the link in the descript deson and back to the video before you get to the ending of the video what do you do to kind of build up to that final moment in the video yeah so we always have that one open loop in this case we had the room completely blurred and as we were getting to the end we showed less of the room so the viewer had less an idea of what it actually looked like so as we're building up to the end we we like to give viewers a little bit and then what they were actually waiting for we just completely give it to them at the end and that's the very last thing that they see yeah and then we'll go through the ending here no one can find it then I got popcorn to enjoy watching I love this ending so much it looks so ni yes okay I love Yeah another thing that I love about the ending as well is not only did we close the loop of in the beginning we showed the Blurred room and at the end we showed the same shot but not blurred and on top of that we even had my mom come back in the video to close like a a separate Loop that was like unintentionally opened that now because we we close the loop that people didn't even know was open it get it lets people rewatch the video it gives them new context new information for them to rewatch and the reason why this video is doing so well is because of that this is one of our only videos actually this is the only video on my channel that has a average view per view of 1.4 my my other videos on average have 1.2 and average view per viewer is just like basically how strong your rewatchability is yeah so that means the average person who watched this video watched it 1.4 times verus watching it 1.2 times on average so there's a lot of obviously someone can't watch a video 1.4 times but that's the average so you get a lot of people watching twice or even more exactly so when you're like opening Loops in video what does that mean and how do you design that for your content yeah so in every video I always have a problem that needs to be resolved or a question that needs to be answered so opening a loop is basically showing what that question is or showing what that problem is and you close it once you get the solution or the answer I think that makes sense so when you're designing your loops and like the problem solving is there there any sort of elements that you like to put in that you find are a little bit more entertaining than others yeah I I like to just sprinkle jokes throughout um but we we like to make the jokes not like we when we do it we we like to use a lot of jokes to make entertaining but we also don't we're very weary on the jokes that we use though so it needs to be relevant to the content it has to be very broadly appealing and it needs to like be so seamless so it doesn't have any segmentation loss so a lot of times with videos you can tell that there's like different things and different sections of the video where it almost feels like you can like leave at different parts cuz there's multiple payoffs so you almost want it to be like there are just like many payoffs and not enough of a payoff for you to leave if that makes sense there's there's a lot of little things like that so let's talk more about the endings of your shorts cuz I think from the shorts creators that I've seen I think your endings and your shorts are are really outstanding and contributes to thank you so much uh contributes to your performance a lot so this we talked about this video but let's talk about your endings of of videos in general what do you generally try to accomplish with the ending of a short and how do you think about designing the endings yeah so the goal with the endings are to get people to rewatch the video so we want to keep the endings as tight as possible and we want it to be the payoff and cut the video immediately because if we let it run on a little bit longer you lose people and if you lose people in the end then that means there's less people who are rewatching the video so we not only want to cut it as soon as there's the payoff as soon as the question is answered or the problem is resolved you want to end the video immediately but we also want to end it on a note that gives people new context for them to rewatch or maybe even a laugh so that when they rewatch it it it gives them a little hit or even also we want to keep in mind the the shot selections that you're using at the end in the beginning or what you're even saying cuz we have videos where we would accidentally say the same thing at the end and in the hook which actually hurts rewatchability I especially notice that you do a lot of endings it's just like a really funny joke and it's like it just gets me like I'm just sitting there watching this short and I'm just laughing think so hard that I haven't even realized another 15 seconds as fast and I'm I've watched the whole video again a second time that's the goal I think it's a really really great way to end videos and especially with shorts like kind of give some more elaboration on the idea of like an Abrupt ending I think that's so powerful and and really important so would you expand more on that point yeah so we want the endings to be abrupt but we still want it to feel like a good payoff like we still want the viewer to laugh but we we like to do a lot of twists in a video so for example I had a video where I was trying to break an unbreakable glass and the whole video I was doing different methods and this thing wasn't breaking and then at the end I just go this thing doesn't break and I and I smash it on my mom's head and it it just like smashes um and that that was actually breakaway glass so it it wasn't the the unbreakable cup but like it's it's stuff like that where like people were like oh my goodness I did not think she was going to hit it on her mom's head like and the fact that it actually broke it's such a weird funny twist that still closes the video we want it we want the ending to act as a joke but also answer the problem and close the loop all at the same time in one line and that is the perfect ending yeah I noticed one thing you do with your jokes in the endings a lot especially is like subverting expectations yes so like the video we just showed for example like the whole concept is about it's a secret room and then at the end your mom's just chilling in there hanging out exactly and originally she was mad and now she like loves it so we also had character development and we have a couple of videos where we have character development as well and that that really helps with uh retention so it does the video doesn't feel as stagnant especially when a lot of videos there could be repetitive things so we want um to progress with repetition yeah I think like the whole doing the jokes around the concept of the video like the ex like you set up the expectations at the start of the video and then the jokes like almost throw those expectations out the window while at the same time still solving them it's it's really entertaining I think for sure oh thank you so much yeah that's the goal this has been the interview with Jenny I think it's just actually really outstanding like just amazing information thank you so much for being here uh anything you want to shout out or just where can people find you at yeah so you can check out my channel Jenny Hoyos and if you want to work together email team Jenny hoo.com I'm helping Brands creators anyone to help grow their Channel or products Brands anything I would love to work together

  Top Comments:
  1. @FinoClips [3 likes]: This channel is pure Gold 🙏
  2. @ImFoolishTV [2 likes]: love this channel man thank you for this
  3. @thetraveltitan [1 likes]: Grateful for my 268 awesome subscribers! 🥰🙌 Your support keeps me going every day. Tough times come and go, but I'm here to stay, growing and improving for all of us. Let’s keep the journey going! 💪💫
  4. @WasabiNoise [1 likes]: Dude you are killing it! This channel is going to blow up. I'm glad I was part of the OGs with the old videos and now with the new wave.
  5. @TeoUploads [1 likes]: ur so underated
  6. @Swarali.LimayeBtech2022: This info was crazy!!
  7. @sidequest-online: Supercool! Well deserved ❤
  8. @sidequest-online: Supercool! Well deserved ❤
  9. @Elkamusic13: Keep up I love your channel
  10. @GRUBB-MUDD: I'm the 2nd best shorts creator
  11. @KittyCosmos6000: Jeremy tell my why my shorts dont go viral lol I meet "everybodys" online viral metrics.
  12. @noelparkk: Thank you❤
  13. @PAXS0N: Finally Jeremy makes something I "enjoy" watching. JUST KIDDING I LIKE ALL YOUR VIDEOS. Question will you make a video about the new promote video feature?
  14. @PlakiPlaki1g: 5th
  15. @ImpactronGaming: Love the interviews 🎉
  16. @Nexsusssss: W

- The Inspiring Life Story of Jenny Hoyos | From 8-Year-Old YouTuber to Global Gen-Z Creator: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how a young girl with a simple camera, big ideas, and endless creativity became one of the most influential Gen Z creators on the internet. Today we dive deep into the incredible and inspiring life story of Jenny Hoyos, the creator who turns storytelling, finance, and phone into a global brand. Let's begin. Jenny Hoyos was born on May 9, 2005 in Miami, Florida into a family that valued creativity, confidence, and entrepreneurship. From a very young age, Jenny wasn't just an ordinary child. She was unusually focused, disciplined, and always curious about how things worked. At only seven years old, she was playing professional level chess, showing strategic thinking far beyond her age. Her intelligence also showed in school. Jenny was such a fast learner that she skipped the entire 8th grade, jumping ahead academically with ease. But her biggest passion was storytelling. When Jenny was just 8 years old, she launched her first YouTube channel. At the time, she made simple daily vlogs, videos about school, life, fun moments, and her little adventures. She didn't expect fame. She simply loved the process of creating. But that early experience taught her one important thing. If you want something, you have to stay consistent. It took her almost a year to reach her first 1,000 subscribers, but she didn't give up. Instead, she learned, improved, and slowly crafted a style audiences would soon fall in love with. As Janney grew older, her content evolved. She became deeply interested in money management, budgeting, small business ideas, making smart financial decisions. She noticed something powerful. No one was teaching kids and teens about money in a fun way. So, Jenny stepped into that gap with videos that were not only educational, but entertaining and relatable. Her unique style, playful, smart, and creative, quickly caught attention. Soon, her videos started going viral. One of her greatest hits, a crazy challenge where she built a hidden secret room in her house without spending any money. That single video blew up with over 168 million views. Another fan favorite, Jenny cooking inside her mom's car while waiting in a drive-thru line. Funny, unusual, and classic Jenny. Always adding her special twist to everyday life. Jenny's channel grew fast because she brought something refreshing to YouTube, authentic family moments. She often features her mom and siblings, creating a natural, relatable dynamic that young viewers adore. Her audience sees her not as a distant influencer but as a friend, someone who tries, fails, learns, and laughs along the way. Even with millions of followers, Jenny has remained grounded, emphasizing joy, creativity, and kindness in everything she does. Here is a part of Jenny's life many people don't know. While building her career online, she didn't abandon academics. In fact, she enrolled at Florida International University, FIU, as an online student and completed a bachelor's degree in business administration with a concentration in finance in just 2 years. That's right. While most creators focus fully on content, Jenny balance school work and YouTube at the same time. Her message is clear. Creativity and knowledge can go hand in hand. Jenny's influence doesn't end on YouTube. She has [snorts] delivered talks at third nest where she gave her popular talk how to tell a story in 60 seconds vidcon s xw. At these events she teaches creators and entrepreneurs how to craft viral short form stories and build strong online communities. She also collaborates with brands, consults for small businesses, and helps other creators grow their digital presence, proving she is not only an entertainer, but also a strategist and entrepreneur. Despite being in the spotlight, Jenny keeps much of her personal life private. She occasionally shares moments with her family and has confirmed she is in a relationship, but she maintains healthy boundaries between her public and private words. This balance is one of the secrets to her long-term success. Today, Jenny Hoyos stands as one of the most successful young creators on the internet with millions of subscribers, billions of view across platforms, a massive influence on Gen Z and Gen Alpha. But beyond the numbers, her real impact lies in her message. Be creative, be resourceful, be yourself, and never be afraid to try something new. Journey inspires millions of young people worldwide to take control of their financial future, embrace their imagination, and work hard toward their dreams. From a chess playing child genius to a global content creator, speaker, entrepreneur, and role model, Jenny Hoyo's journey is a reminder that age doesn't define potential. Passion does, consistency does, creativity does. If you enjoyed this story, don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more inspiring biographies of the world's most influential people. See you in the next video.

- Jenny Hoyos Glow Up Is CRAZY: Kind: captions Language: en Glow Up A Big Positive Transformation In Looks Confidence Mindset And Life Basically From Who Is This To How Is This Possible So Today We Are Going To See The Biggest Glow Up I Have Ever Seen Meet Jenny Hoyas She Has 10 Million Subscribers On YouTube 900K On TikTok And Almost 400K On Instagram She Is Also A TikTok Speaker And Bro She Achieved All Of This In Her 20s While I Am In My Life Is Struggling To Decide Should I Save Money And Enjoy Life Bro She Knows Something That I Don't Because She Can Make Anything Go Viral Just Look At Her YouTube She's 100 Million Views Are Nothing For Her But Bro Whenever I Upload A Video I Lose My Subscribers Guys Please Subscribe To Support Struggling Future Millionaire A Few Days Ago I Was Brain Rotting On Instagram Just Scrolling Instead Of Sleeping Then Suddenly I Saw A Reel Of Jenny My First thought wait I have seen her before then I opened her profile and realised wait a minute this is the viral Jenny Hoyas and my first reaction was wait what how bro this is not a glow up this is software update and listen she looked good before to I am not hating her I am just saying she just upgraded from basic to paid and that is good for her because I think we should always work on ourselves to become a better person of ourself physically mentally financially in every aspect of our life because life is a game and we should update ourselves on every stage of our life. Right now I am trying to wake up early in the morning but I fail almost everyday. At least I'm trying, but I think every glow is more than just confidence and skin care is a strategy. This whole globe thing is part of her new content plan. She generally makes viral challenges on YouTube, but Instagram and TikTok work differently. I mean just look at this lia hilts viral TikTok 1.2 billion. What Song With You Guys? And bellaap god almost 900 million views at least she has a hidden talent but the only problem is that it's still hidden and we are trying our best to find it out. I mean what are they doing? Just look at the camera. No editing, no scripting, no stress and get millions of views. Meanwhile I invest so much time in researching, scripting and editing and still get 100 views. This type of content is called low effort high performing videos. And Jenny understood this formula. So now she is using it smartly on Instagram and TikTok and she doesn't upload these videos on YouTube because she knows this kind of content doesn't work on YouTube so if this is true then bro she is really a genius that's what we call beauty with brains not just glow up glow upgrade alright guys that's it for today best wishes for her great future if you like my content then please leave a like and subscribe and don't be surprised if one day I also glow up from this to this. See you guys in the next video.

- Using poker to train for business success will be a 'market disruptor': Peak6 Founder Jenny Just: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK TO "OVERTIME." FINTECH STOCKS HAVE BEEN FLOUNDERING RECENTLY, UNDERPERFORMING THE BROADER MARKET. FOR MORE ON THE OUTLOOK, LET'S BRING IN JULIA BOORSTIN ALL THE ALL-IN SUMMIT, ALONG WITH PEAK 6 COFOUNDER JENNY JUST. JULIA? >> MORGAN, THANK YOU. AND JENNY, THANK YOU FOR JOINING US HERE. >> THANK YOU. >> SO, YOUR TECHNOLOGY POWERS SO MANY OF THE DIFFERENT FINTECH PLATFORMS, SOFI OR BETTERMENT OR ALLY. TALK TO US ABOUT YOUR OUTLOOK FOR THE FINTECH LANDSCAPE, GIVEN THAT SO MANY STOCKS HAVE BEEN STRUGGLING RECENTLY. >> IT IS TRUE. IT'S BEEN A ROUGH YEAR. AFTER COMING OFF AN INCREDIBLE OPPORTUNITY, SORT OF APRIL OF LAST YEAR AND INTO THE CURRENT EVENT, BUT I THINK THE THING WE APPRECIATE MOST ABOUT THESE NEW FINTECHS, AND THIS IS WHAT THESE BUSINESSES CAN DO, BECAUSE THEIR TECHNOLOGY IS ON THE CUTTING EDGE, IS THAT WE'RE PARTNERING WITH THEM EVERY DAY TO FIGURE OUT WHAT THAT NEXT BEST OPPORTUNITY IS, GIVEN WHAT THE MARKET IS GIVING YOU. SO, FOR EXAMPLE, WE ARE JUST ABOUT TO LAUNCH THE FIRST EVER FRACTIONAL FIXED INCOME PRODUCT. LITERALLY IN TWO WEEKS, WITH ONE OF OUR COMPANIES PUBLIC. AND THOSE ARE THE TYPES OF THINGS WE NEED TO DO TO STAY ON THE CUTTING EDGE, TO KEEP THE CONSUMER EXCITED AND HAPPY, AND LOOKING FOR YIELD IN PLACES IT DIDN'T EXIST, YOU KNOW, THREE MONTHS AGO, SO, WHERE DO I FIND THAT NOW? >> YOU HAVE SO MANY DIFFERENT DIVISIONS. OPTIONS TRADING BUSINESS, ED TECH, AND ONE PART WAS PLANNING TO GO VIA PUBLIC, NEVER ENDED UP HAPPENING, AS MANY DEALS THAT WERE ABOUT TO GO DID NOT. WHAT IS YOUR OUTLOOK IN TAKING THAT BUSINESS PUBLIC NOW? >> IT IS DEFINITELY A COMPANY THAT SHOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC MARKETS. FOR MANY REASONS. ONE IS, AT THE END OF THE DAY, THE DECKIZATION OF FINANCE, THEY NEED TO UNDERSTAND WHERE THEIR MONEY IS, WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THE TRADE IS MADE, AND THE MORE PUBLIC THESE TYPE OF COMPANIES ARE, LIKE APEX FINTECH SOLUTIONS, THE MORE COMFORT THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE IN SECURITY IN WHO THEY HAVE THEIR MONEY WITH. SO, IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT. DO WE EXPECT TO BE THERE? WE HOPE THE MARKET IS GOING TO TURN, GIVE US A LITTLE BIT MORE UMPH TO GO OUT THERE, I'M HOPING IN '24, IF NOT '25. >> SO, WHAT IS YOUR OUTLOOK? SO MUCH CONVERSATION ABOUT THE ECONOMY, SOFT LANDING NO SOFT LANDING. WHAT ARE YOU EXPECTING TO SEE? >> YES. I THINK WE'RE IN A CATCH-22 RIGHT NOW. WE TALK ABOUT THAT AT OUR OFFICE. RATES HIGHER, RATES LOWER. INFLATION HIGHER, INFLATION LOWER. ROTATION OF SECTORS. LACK OF CORPORATION BETWEEN THE INDEXESSTOCKS, AND SO, WE SIT SORT OF STUCK AND WE THINK THAT'S WHY OPTION VOLATILITY ACTUALLY IS REALLY QUITE LOW, UNUSUALLY LOW. AND SO, WE'RE ANTICIPATING SOMETHING CHANGING, WHATEVER IT'S GOING TO CHANGE, WE DON'T PICK BOTTOMS, WE DON'T PICK TOPS, BUT FOURTH QUARTER, I WOULD EXPECT SOMETHING TO GET US OFF THAT DIME. >> MORE VOLATILITY. >> FINAL QUELLSTION TO YOU, POK POWER. YOU ARE WORKING TO EDUCATE PEOPLE, PARTICULARLY WOMEN, TO UNDERSTAND POKER, TO MAKE THEM BETTER EQUIPPED IN THE WORLD OF FINANCE. WHAT IS YOUR ARGUMENT ABOUT WHY EVERYONE SHOULD BE LEARNING POKER? >> THERE ARE -- I HAD NO IDEA, BECAUSE I DID NOT PLAY, EITHER, UNTIL ABOUT FOUR YEARS AGO, I DIDN'T REALIZE THERE WAS SO MANY SKILLS THAT MEN ARE LEARNING AT A VERY YOUNG AGE, THAT WOMEN ARE NOT. THEY'RE LEARNING STRATEGY, THEY'RE LEARNING CAPITAL ALLOCATION, THEY'RE LEARNING JUST HOW TO TAKE RISKS, FAIL, AND GET BACK IN THE GAME. THE LIST GOES ON AND ON. AND WHEN I STARTED TO LEARN, I STARTED TO LEARN BECAUSE MY DAUGHTER, I REALIZED, THERE'S REALLY SOMETHING HERE. I'VE BEEN PLAYING POKER AS A BUSINESS PERSON MY WHOLE LIFE, I JUST DIDN'T KNOW IT. SO, I THINK IT TRULY CAN BE A MARKET DISRUPTOR. WE TALKED ABOUT, THERE'S GOING TO BE A MARKET CORRECTION, AND WE THINK THAT CORRECTION IS GOING TO BE THAT HALF THE PARTICIPANTS ARE GOING TO IDENTIFY AS FEMALE. AND THE REASON THEY'RE GOING TO DO THAT IS

  Top Comments:
  1. @eco-enjoyer [2 likes]: 3:16 poker talk

- Jenny Hoyos Formula To Making Viral Shorts With 10M Views: Kind: captions Language: en firstly if you want to inser beautiful caption with some cool animations on your shots you can try some call and I will discuss more lat 18y old YouTubers crashing YouTube shots with more than 800 million views over the past 2 years and averaging 10 mws per shot in the past year alone that's Janie hoes I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral so I'm going to list out four SC I learned from watching all shorts and interview of jeny so let's started definition of a good shot is very subjective but to jeny a good shot should consist of a strong hook as well as a compelling and rewatchable story a strong hook can be used as a title or thumbnail for long form can be understood without studio and very easy to comprehend let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny cuz I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's title on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grader under Jenny totally listed a th000 ideas in her Google doll and the ways to use include watch other creators for inspiration what video do you personally want to watch use AI to like chat GPT and the best way to Journey personally is using life and experiences so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds because that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas firstly find 100 ideas then narrow it down to 50 at the same time ask yourself do I want to make this is this logistically possible is the hook good is the mechanism good and is it rewatchable you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you mean by me mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last Le Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewers is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone will watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do cuz it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation then you Nar down to 25 ideas by looking at which is the Varity aspect in this lastly get outside perspective to obtain the top 10 ideas setting expectation is one of the biggest thing that M joury went viral because people have a good expectation of what they are going to watch and what's actually going to be ated but so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them carrying the hook my mom's Never Had A that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I Clos the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end lastly these are the scps that I learned from Jenny hoes about shots and these are not all the things that I have learned so please subscribe if you don't want to miss out the next video retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because suo call is a caption AI tool many pro creators have used it in the production of short videos what makes this tool Stand Out is because it adds in a lot of animations with the Tex making them a bit bigger adding relevant emojis to the Tex and so it makes it more engaging once you upload the video it's super be easy to change the text change different emojis adding emojis and then very quickly a quality shot is created by just a click

  Top Comments:
  1. @financialartist [3 likes]: Pay little to get animated captions on Shorts with AI !
🚀 Submagic Co ➡ https://submagic.co?fpr=finart0

- Her Viral Formula Breaks 100 Million Views On YouTube Shorts (ft. Jenny Hoyos): Kind: captions Language: en All right, today we're going to get smarter about short form video. Short form video is something I am mega mega long on. Why? Well, I don't know. Have you ever seen TikTok, Instagram Reels, have you seen YouTube Shorts? These things are taking over the world. So, today's guest is Jenny Hoyos. She is a short form video genius, to be honest. I mean, every single short she does gets like 10 million views. Every single one. And it's not because she was famous before, it's not because she's doing crazy crazy stuff. She has just figured out how to make viral short form videos. So, I wanted to ask her every question I could. This is an episode of me learning from her the tricks. So, how does she come up with ideas? Like, how do you figure out a good idea versus a bad idea? How does she structure the video? How does she script it? How does she film it? What are the elements and the hooks that make the video more viral versus medium viral versus low viral? Like, what is that knob? So, this interview is me talking to Jenny Hoyos, a 18-year-old short form genius who is going super viral. And she's going to teach us. So, in the next hour, we're going to get really smart about short form. All right, let's do it. Let's jump in. What we're going to do is in the next, I don't know, 45 minutes, you are going to tell us the specifics, the tactical, the breakdown of how you have cracked the viral code. You would know how to go viral on TikTok, YouTube. Yeah. But you are 18 years old. You live at home in your parents' house. It's only been 2 years since you started doing a lot of the content that you're doing. I went scrolled all the way back and it started off not not so great, but then now you're getting like 10 million views per video. You've had a 100 million view short. That's kind of incredible. What Is that you? Is that what your what your life is like? Give people a sense of who who are you? Yeah, you I mean, you nailed it right in the head. Yeah, so I'm Jenny Hoyos. I'm a YouTuber who makes videos around the life of a cheapskate, I guess you can say. I guess you can call me like, you know, the anti-Mr. Beast. So, you know, people call me Mr. Least. Yes, which is which is amazing branding. I mean, we've had Mr. Beast on here and he's like, "I spent $3 million per video." And I'm curious also, when you record, do you, like, you know, we talk about Hollywood, if you ever see an actor in their van or their their truck before they're going to go do a scene, they'll kind of get themselves into the character, they'll get themselves into the state of mind. Nobody can bother them, nobody should go talk to them. Like, they are getting in the zone. I'm curious, do you do anything to kind of get yourself into a a certain state of mind? I remember there's a creator called Miss Excel. That I I love this story. I've told this many times, but she creates content of all things about Microsoft Excel, how to use it better. But like, she's super high energy, she's like dancing and doing other stuff. It's like dancing plus Excel. It's a weird combo, but it works. And she said something like, "Before I go record, I'm not like, you know, I'm not thinking about what I'm going to say. I just get myself into a state where I she she she she said, 'I feel magnetic.' Like, I just get my charisma my my energy up so high and when I feel like I'm there, I run to my camera, I turn it on and I start recording because I believe she said, 'I believe that all content is just energy transmission. It's me pushing my energy through the phone to you. The way I feel, I'm going to push it through and then you're going to feel that way, too.'" I love the way she described that. That's very much how I do this podcast. I'm just curious, not everybody does things that way. Is that similar to what you do or how do you how do you approach kind of getting in the right state of mind before you create a piece of content? Oh my gosh, I love this question cuz I used to struggle with this so much. I was like, honestly, an introvert. Most people wouldn't like to see me as one, but like, yeah. The introvert with a billion views. Yeah, I like I I don't know. I used to do what Miss Excel did. Basically, what you said. I used to like try to bump up my energy so that when I film, I have like the highest energy. But now I try to have like consistently high energy throughout my day every day. And I actually built that muscle by doing this thing for like a month. I would set up my camera for an hour and I would do a stand-up comedy show to myself. I I'm Like, you improvised or Yeah, improvised. I've never like I've never done stand-up comedy. I don't know comedy. Like, that's amazing. And and I did that just to like learn to not be scared to like tell bad jokes and just like be myself and natural. Then after that, I would like record my entire day almost. And like, it wouldn't even go online. That is fascinating. You actually did that. You would You would In the morning, you would turn on the camera and you would just do a stand-up routine just to get yourself to feel confident, to be okay in the awkwardness, and to get your kind of like charisma reps in. Is that what you were doing? Like, people go to the gym, you were doing that? Actually, okay, here's what I would actually do. This actually sounds cringe cuz I've never said it before. There's this YouTube channel called Charisma on Command. So, in the morning, I would watch that, right? And then like throughout the day, like I would repeat like the the things I learned in my head. And then at night, I would do the stand-up comedy show. But like throughout the day, I would try to record as well just to like get my reps in. But that that's essentially what I did. I tried to like build up my charisma and personality just by like recording videos that no one's going to see. I don't think that's cringe at all. I think that makes total sense. Whenever I see somebody who's good at something, I don't assume they're just good at it. I assume they've worked at this. And when you see somebody who's good on camera or somebody who's got a personality that's really, you know, charismatic, I assume it's because they practice being charismatic. Maybe they did it informally just in school all the time cracking jokes at the lunch table and whatnot and that's where they got their 10,000 reps. But if you don't have that or you're starting as a as an introvert or somebody's bad at it, there is a way deliberate way to get better just like any skill, just like building muscles, just like becoming good at, you know, tennis or whatever whatever else it is. And I actually feel I actually look for this. I look for things that are really valuable to have, but nobody wants to practice it and even worse, um people would find it cringe or lame if you said, "I'm practicing this." Cuz I'm like, "That's a gold mine. That is we agreed it's valuable. Nobody really works on it. So, if I so, I don't even have to work that hard to get great at it to become better than most people at it because most people are not practicing. And even worse, even if people wanted to practice, they'd feel so lame or it's taboo or it sounds cringe or it sounds awkward to do it. That's a that's a barrier to entry. Most people will are not willing to do that. I hunt down those those skills and I develop them and that's it's really great to hear you at age 18 doing that same thing. That's that's really amazing. So, you you've said before there's four criteria for an idea. Novelty, uncertainty, knowledge gaps, and complexity. Can you explain what this means? Knowledge gaps is basically telling the viewer I know something that you don't, which is why you have to watch. Or similar to we were talking about before how it's like, "I did X so you don't have to." And then uncertainty is basically telling the viewer that you're doing something crazy that you don't know what the outcome could possibly be. Such as like, I recently made a video where I sold everything my family owns. There's so much uncertainty in how is her family going to react? We need to see their reaction to her selling everything. You know, I'm not a I'm not so much of a a TikToker or YouTuber just yet. Will be soon. But when I write even a blog post or a Twitter thread or something like that, I will often put like the central curiosity gap, which is basically what what is the person curious about that I can put up front where they're going to want to read to the end to see the payoff. Mr. Beast does this in his videos, too, right? He did a video recently which was like, "I have people age 1 to 100 trapped in these rooms and the last person out is going to win." And the curiosity is who's going to win? Is it going to be the old person? Is it going to be the young kid? That actually is something that comes down to the video idea itself. Cuz when I'm brainstorming an idea, we want the idea itself to have so many questions that need answered. Because at the end of the day, like content creation on YouTube, what peaks people's curiosity is a problem that needs to be resolved at the end of the video or a question that's going to get answered at the end of the video. And that's what I try to do in all of my videos. So, let's look at one of them. So, 23 million views you have. What does $1 get you at Starbucks? Like, literally the title is the question, the unresolved question. I don't know, what can you get? And I guess it's more like, what's the most you can get for the buck for the buck, right? How do you get the most bang for your buck? That's kind of brilliant. Okay, who has the best dollar menu? 3.1 million views. Also unresolved. Which which place is it going to be? And you can see literally the first frame is like you holding a dollar bill with Burger King behind you. And it's kind of like, you know, you can see what you're going to do. You're about to test visually. You can see you're going to test what can I buy with this dollar at this place. So, the unresolved question is kind of interesting. The other thing I like that you do that I don't know if you have any thoughts on this, but like it seems like you weave in your personal life or your personal stories. So, it's not just like "I'm going to do this crazy thing." It's like "It's my mom's birthday and I want to get her a gift." And then you do the crazy thing, but at least the video is more like, I don't know, I I kind of connect with you more. I see your mom. I like that you're buying your mom a gift. You're kind of earnest about it. Is that a tactic that you think about, you know, kind of a personal story versus just a generic stunt? Totally. I think that's what makes the videos. Like, quite frankly, there's so many people who can do the same idea and it just doesn't go as viral because they're not telling a story. And that's why I try to weave in like my personal life because it's more relatable, more people comment about it. That's how we get that returning viewership. Hey, real quick. You know, one of the cool parts about what we're doing is that people have reached out and told me that they've built actual million-dollar businesses, made their first million off an idea they heard on the show. That is crazy. That's wild. That's why we want to do the show. And we want to see more of that. One of the questions we get asked over and over again is is there some kind of idea database or spreadsheet where we list out all the different business ideas that we've talked about? Well, the answer is finally yes. The fine folks at HubSpot have dug through the archive and pulled out 50 plus business ideas and put them into a business idea database. It's totally free. You can click the link in the description below and get the database for you. All right, now back to the show. So, what's an example of a video you did with a story that you could have done without? Okay, the best example I have was I have a video where I made a garden on a budget. And you know, and if you search up other people's videos making a garden, they were averaging like 20,000 views. Like, people who make gardening videos don't average high views. So, what was the difference? How did you get if a normal garden video 20,000 views, your garden video 20 million views? What did you do to to juice that video up? I told the story of how Ratatouille is my favorite food, but it's so expensive to buy it. But, technically speaking, I could just make a garden to have infinite Ratatouille for life, and it's my and it's my favorite food, so it just works out. And then also my mom and my grandma were helping me for a portion of the garden. It just interweaves so many things that the people can insert themselves into. Right. So, you took a normal thing with medium to low stakes. You added your why, why I care about this. And the why doesn't have to be life or death. I think that's kind of important. I think uh you know, a lot of the YouTubers did it as life or death. It's like, this is, you know, the craziest stunt you've ever seen. And I think Ryan Trahan and you you I think you guys are very very likable because it's almost like low stakes stakes. Oh, 1,000%. Especially like now on YouTube, people are so used to like these high stakes. Like, seeing $10,000 in a title anymore, people don't even know what that even means cuz they're seeing people like Mr. Beast spend a million dollars. So, it's like, you know, people are just so numb to these numbers or these stakes where almost these low stakes are high stakes. Right. Okay, so let's take it at let's do an example. Here's an idea, and let's try to make it better using some of the some of the techniques. We'll just riff on this and see what see where it goes. Live live improv here. Okay, so um let's say I want to make a video about me um me making dinner. So, I'm cooking dinner. One out of 10, you know, video concept. It's not not going to be the most exciting. Let's use Show me how you would make it better. So, let's use either novelty, complexity, knowledge gaps, or uncertainty. How would you kind of make that idea more interesting? I love this. So, for me, if I was to make that idea, making dinner, right? Intrinsically not intriguing at all. But, what's relevant to me is how much of a struggle it is as someone who has like a health condition, right? So, like, that's one angle, right? And then there's also the angle of like, you're doing it on a budget, which is what I usually do. So, that now that that that's even more of an intriguing angle. Like, trying to make a healthy meal on a budget cuz healthy is supposed to be expensive. Right. Or it it could be um it could be I'm trying to make a fancy dinner, but I don't know how to cook. That, too. Or or I I'm I'm a total beginner, but I'm going for gourmet. Yes, exactly. And then like, there's so many different layers. And I also love to do juxtaposition where it's like, okay, I want to make a gourmet dinner with leftovers from last night. or like a Lunchables or something like that, right? Turning a Lunchables into gourmet. Then you know, all of these are great ideas. And then at the end of the day, it's like, which one makes you most excited? Got you. Okay, cool. And then the personal story part would be, why am I making the dinner in the first place? Why does this matter to me? What are the stakes? So, you we made the idea more interesting by adding the contrast, the juxtaposition, the complexity, the novelty, but then the personal story might be um I invited my mom over for dinner. She's cooked for me my whole life. I told her I was going to cook her an amazing meal. Only problem is, I've never, you know, I'm an adult now. I moved out of the house, but I've never cooked dinner for anybody. I've never hosted guests. I got to do it. is even better now cuz there's even an angle where what if you the video is something along the lines of like, you're going to turn a Lunchables into a Dinnerables because Lunchables they don't have a dinner option. It's just Lunchables, right? And then what's even better is your mom would always would never cook for you, but she would always give you Lunchables for lunch. So, now for dinner, you're going to give her Lunchables. I mean, it sounds a bit complex, but like as you script it, you don't remember like with complexity, the goal is to like add layers to give people more reasons to watch, but you don't want to actually confuse the viewer. And that kind of comes back in with the way you copyright it because you want to say it in a way that's, you know, easy to digest and drip feed that context. Right. Yeah, I was when when we were hanging out with Mr. Beast and he was telling us about some of his video ideas, what I realized was I was like, man, the reason his videos can get 100 million, 200 million views is because it's a concept so simple, you could literally just draw it with a stick figure drawing and people would get it. Two people who don't know each other trapped in a room for 100 days, winner, you know, if they if they make it the whole way, they get a million dollars, right? These are like simple, universal, easy to understand ideas. The what you just did with the Lunchables Dinnerables thing is both the kind of like that that amusement. Like, I'm doing this just for my own amusement. I'm not doing this to impress you. Um I'm I'm doing this to scratch my own itch. Can I can I do this? And like, I think that's very likable and also very simple to understand. Yeah, I turned Lunchables into Dinnerables. Visually, you can imagine that. Yeah. Okay, that's great. All right. I'm excited for you to go make that video someday. All right, so we got ideas and how to how to basically brainstorm to turn any kind of mundane idea into a better idea using using those techniques. Now, actually pulling it off. So, delivering on it. So, what is the most important part? What's the first thing you do when you're when you you have the idea. Now, first thing you got to get right in order for a video to pop off? The hook. And and it the hook is so important that sometimes I figure out the most viral hook isn't the most viral idea. So, then I have to come back to the idea and change the idea based on the hook. What do you think about hooks? I guess like, what is the what is the big picture advice when it comes to hooks? And then what is the tactical process you take? Power words should be the first thing that starts the video. What's a power word? What do you mean? Power words are things that will instantly hook people that are very strong words such as free, $0, stole, or any like crazy word. Uh cuz and the reason I say that is because I see a lot of people, like, way too many people start their videos with, "This is I'm out." This is is not telling me anything about the video. Like, I'm I I actually scroll cuz it's like it's bad. As opposed to if someone says, "Free chicken sandwiches all weekend." I'm in. You Where are these free chicken sandwiches? I was in the moment you said free. So, that's the number one thing. You want your your hooks to start with power words. The second thing is you want it to be progressing the video. The reason why this is is also bad is because it is just saying a statement. It is not doing anything. This is blank. Doesn't tell me what you're going to do. It's just telling me a statement as opposed to free chicken sandwiches this weekend. You're already telling me the whole story. Or I'm building a secret room. You're already telling me the action. Even though the even though the power words aren't until three words in, secret, it still works because it's starting with the action. I'm doing blank. I'm going to do blank. The story is progressing as opposed to a statement being stale. That's the second thing. And uh the another thing that's very crucial for hooks or in your general like introduction of your video is to foreshadow the end. Your hook has to be so clear what the video is going to be about. You're not only setting up the video, but you're also saying what the conflict is and what's going to be at the end of the video all in one sentence, which is very hard, but that's what a really good hook has. So, I have an example here of one of yours. You have one that says, "Movie theaters are overpriced." You said that's the hook, and then the foreshadow is, "So, I'm going to make a movie theater at home on a budget of only $5." Exactly. Yep, exactly. You nailed it. You want your hooks to have the setup conflict and what the resolution is going to be all in one. What metrics in a video map to that? So, like for example, um you know, on YouTube in a normal YouTube video, the thumbnail and the title matter, and you know that because you can see the uh click-through rate. How many people actually choose to try to watch your video? When it comes to short-form video, what metrics are the, you know, the top two that that are related to idea and hook? Yeah, so the idea {slash} hook metric would be the view versus swipe away percentage. View versus swipe away. And what is like good and then what's like amazing for that percentage, that that number? Yeah, so I've heard the average is 70. Where pretty good for me is 80% plus, and excellent would be 85% plus. But, for for for my channel, we average around 80 85%. Which is not is very uncommon. Like, I think Beast is like at 75%, so I've heard. And then the second one is like the uh so, you have the the view versus swipe away, and then what's the next most important metric? Retention? Retention overall. Yes, retention, I'd say. Cuz that it just shows how how much the viewer enjoyed the video. What do you shoot for with retention? It depends on the video length, but generally you want to be at at least 90%. Uh my team, we usually go for 95 plus. Wow. And uh again, I I think for most people it's like 15% or something crazy. I crazy low. Okay, so the hook and the first frame, uh what about the visual? What works in the actual visual? Cuz there's with short-form, there's no thumbnail, and people aren't really reading the title, I don't think. So, what's your what's your philosophy on how what to put on screen, what that first frame should look like? Yeah, I try to keep it as simple as possible. It's very similar philosophy to like a title and thumbnail, same psychology in a way, where I try to keep it like little to no focus points, high brightness, high saturation, and we like will go through will go through so many lengths and measures and after effects and VFX just to make it like pop out just that much more. Such as like sometimes we'll add artificial fire just to make it look crazier. Like what in in one of our shorts, I went to Hell's Kitchen, but that you don't really get that message across unless you actually add the restaurant on fire, you know? And it's like something as little as that. at the logo of the restaurant. It looks like there's a fire. Is that not real? There's no fire there. That's not real. People think it's real. Yeah, so we try to we try to make like things really stand out. Even with the secret room, when I first hit the wall, I just dented the wall. I didn't even break a hole. And we actually had to make a VFX where it would look like I made this giant hole like I broke a giant hole. When reality, it wasn't a giant hole that broke. It was like a little teeny tiny hole because I had like a a little small hammer. So it's like little stuff like that we try to make we try to make enhance things to look even crazier in post. Interesting. And so what was the first thing you said? No little to no focus points? What did you mean? So what I mean by that is we don't want any busyness to go on. I think you know what's a really good example? If you can show who has the best dollar menu like in the first frame, just pause it and notice that that is not a real environment. Like we actually took myself, we rotoscoped myself, and then we found a image of McDonald's on Google that was so much cleaner that had no cars. The logo was clean, there was no trees just so it could be perfectly like just look perfect for the viewer. If that makes sense. That's what we try to do. We want the environment to look as clean as possible. So there's no busy points. So all right, so great. So we've done idea, how to go from meh to good to great. We've done the hook, how to grab them by the throat, get that 80 80 plus percent view rate. Now you said foreshadowing is the next part. What is foreshadowing and how do you do it? Cuz I This is one that I've heard obviously I've thought about the ideas, I've thought about hooks. Uh this is not something I do in my process. What is foreshadowing? Foreshadowing is when you give a viewer the expectation of the end of the video. And the way I've coined it is you basically want to tell the viewer that there's an Amazon gift card at the end of the video essentially. Like they need to watch till the end. Sometimes you'll have to explicitly tell the viewer, oh you'll get blank at the end of the video. Usually a lot of my foreshadowing is implied. So who has the best dollar menu? It's very implied that by the end of the video I'm going to tell you who has the best dollar menu essentially. And that's that's usually the best foreshadowing, one that's like so obvious because it's within the hook and it's implied. But when even better even stronger foreshadowing hook is when you have a mechanism. So an example of that is what is $10 get you in Miami? Now not only do you know by the end of the video what $10 gets you in Miami, but you also know what how I spent the $10. Now the mechanism is actually seeing the money being spent cuz in the first second you see, oh she spent $2 on an $8 budget. And then a couple seconds later, oh now she's at five. And we have a sense of progression of where the video is going cuz otherwise if the viewer does not feel like the video is constantly progressing, then they're going to leave because they don't feel like even though you said that there's something at the end, they don't know where the end is. So it's also very important to make it clear. Let's talk about storytelling. You have a great quote. You said, what is storytelling? Storytelling in one word is change. Yes. Unpack that. What does that mean? I think the biggest thing is progression. I I guess when I say change I mean progression. So similar to what I was just saying, like the viewer wants to feel like they are constantly either learning or laughing even more or they are building towards something. They don't want to feel like, you know, they're watching something stagnant like they're just watching paint dry. The best storytelling is when there's character development, change in the actual character where at the start beginning of the video the character started at one point and is now at a new point at the end. So I I suddenly did that in my short that hit 100 million views. So basically I built a secret room with $0 and my goal was to have a secret spot to watch YouTube. And in the beginning of the video my mom was yelling at me for destroying the house and how there's nothing under there like I'm crazy, what am I doing? And then at the end of the video, she ended up having the secret room and pretending like it was hers now. It was very subtle, but like change like that is what actually made the viewers not only watch till the end to see how that gets resolved, but also rewatch the video again knowing that. Yeah, that's interesting. What and rewatching that's a that's like a big part of your strategy, right? To get them to rewatch. three. Number one is hook and number two is overall retention, which is video progression, and number three is rewatchability. What gets somebody to rewatch? There's not that many things that get people to rewatch. So it's it's probably the toughest thing to do. Uh so there you could you could do Easter eggs, which is essentially like hiding little things in the video that people are going to comment about and potentially watch again to see like did did that actually happen? Yeah, I do that all the time. I like a video, I open the comments, then they reference something that I didn't see the first time. So I end up watching it again and then I go back to the comments and I and it's still looping in the background and I probably end up watching the video three times. Exactly. So that's one way. Another very easy way to do it is just tutorial views in itself are rewatchable because people aren't especially if it's on shorts. People are not going to watch a tutorial once and automatically know all the steps. So usually when you have specific steps or lists or listicals is what it's called, it makes it very easy to rewatch. And then my favorite method is actually having twists in your videos because when you have a twist, now the viewer is going to want to rewatch the video with that new knowledge knowing what the twist is. That's interesting. I like that. Um what about storytelling mechanically? So you know, what are some techniques? I know you've talked about this uh I think the the but therefore method which I I don't know if you get that from the South Park guys. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Uh explain explain what that is. Yeah, so but so storytelling is basically adding conflict throughout the video so that it makes it more intriguing as the video continues. So an easy example is if I made a video going on a walk, let's say. Very bad idea, but you know, I went on a walk and then it started raining and then I kept walking and then I kept walking and then like like there's nothing there's nothing new that's like really happening because it's just you just keep doing things. It's like and then this and then that. Like that's such a boring story as opposed to constant conflict being created when you say but so. So for example, I was walking but then it started raining. So I had to find an umbrella but I'm in the middle of nowhere and don't know where I am. So I went to pull out my phone but my phone is dead. So I started running and you see what I mean like the story feels more intriguing cuz you're instantly adding more conflict and you're instantly finding that conflict much easier by simply saying but so. Yeah, there's a great clip of the South Park guys doing this where they have a story written on a whiteboard and they just cross out all of the ands. They're like this is how toddlers tell stories when they you know, they came from from school. It's like and then and then this happened and then this happened and then then miss she gave me this and then this and then I got candy and then this. And he's like just cross out all the ands and just try to replace them with but and you know, but so, right? So but this I wanted this or I was doing this, but then this happened. So then I was forced to do this. But then I encountered another obstacle. So then I tried this other technique and all of a sudden like any story can become interesting just using that. Like that's probably one of the highest leverage techniques that just changes the interestingness of a story. Another one is stakes. Do you use stakes in your story? I know like you know, basically what's on the line. Why does it matter that you do this? I know a short is so so small in length so you you you can't build it up in the same way you can build up a movie or a documentary, but have you used that or do you play with that idea? Yeah, I love using stakes. And the way I see stakes is also like including a why, right? And usually with stakes it's either like artificial or just like a personal why, but for the most part I usually try to make like real stakes. I kid you not like we always default to like what what's actually happening in my real life that we can actually include as real stakes. So for example, in that secret room video, it's like the initial why and the initial stakes are you want to watch YouTube, your mom's not your mom's yelling at you saying you're watching too much YouTube so you're trying to build a secret room. Exactly. But then by the time you take the sledgehammer to the wall, the stakes have actually elevated. It's like, oh my gosh, she's breaking down her house. She better pull this off or else, you know, now you thought YouTube was a problem, breaking the wall is going to make her mom even more mad, right? So you you you know, the best stories actually increase the stakes over time. Yes, and we want the viewers to be at the edge of their seats all the time. Like I know this conversation is like primarily on shorts, but like even on like my recent long form, the stakes were incredibly high where I sold everything my family owns and and the stakes were were basically like this is what kept the viewer at the edge of their seat where it's I'm selling everything without my family knowing and I'm going to keep selling bigger and bigger items until they notice. But when they do, I'm going to give them all the money I make to prove that uh cash is better than trash. Essentially, so now like it's like it's a crazy idea, stakes are high cuz her she can get in big trouble with her parents and then it's like, you know, when is she going to get caught? How far is she going to get? And while I'm saying all this, I'm showing clips of like me taking the microwave and a bunch of decor and moving furniture out of the house. And like it's like, oh my gosh, this is legit. Like this is crazy. Right. Things are getting messy now, right? Um Yeah, like the you know, even great TV shows Breaking Bad for example. So what's the change? He's a high school teacher, kind of a pushover, pretty boring life. Then he gets diagnosed with cancer. He knows he's going to die and that his family is going to be left with no money. So, big stakes all of a sudden. Okay, but he's a high school teacher. So, where is he going to get money? So, he decides to you know, deal drugs, basically to sell drugs in order to get money. But, he doesn't know anything about making drugs. So, he goes and he meets his high school, you know, former high school student. But, that guy's a druggy. So, he doesn't know anything. So, this guy takes over and actually creates a proper lab out of it. But, the the cops come after him, right? That's the story. And along the way, the stakes get bigger and bigger. At first, it was he needs a little bit of money. Then it's oh, the the, you know, the dealer that he's working with tries to to rob them. Then it's the DEA's after him, but then the DEA is his brother-in-law. And it just goes on and on. And eventually, he's running this empire and the stakes have gotten even bigger. Now, it's life or death. And um, you know, he's sitting on millions of dollars. And so, the stakes escalated, which is why a lot of people consider Breaking Bad one of the greatest shows cuz it did that so well. Um, Yeah. to recap. We started off saying, let's build the perfect short. We did. Idea and how you how you could tag the idea to make it take a a meh idea and make it more interesting. Then we have the hook, the first frame. How do you grab their attention and get, you know, 80% of people to actually watch versus just swipe away? You have foreshadowing, which is hinting at what's to come, the payoff, the promise of what might might come at the end. And then you have the retention, the storytelling. What keeps you hooked or keeps you engaged, that sense of progress as the video is going on. Last thing is the ending. So, how what's the end of this perfect short that we're creating? What what do you how do you think about an ending and how do you what do you do in your ending? Cuz I noticed some of them are kind of like abrupt. I'm not sure if that's intentional or not. Yeah, so a lot of people in short-form content will sometimes not even give a payoff because the retention will be like crazy high cuz it would have no drop-offs. But, at the end of the day, there is no viewer satisfaction if you just like don't give a proper payoff. So, my intention with endings is to keep it as short as possible while giving some sort of payoff, even if we have some sort of retention drop, because our goal is to ensure viewer satisfaction. So, the next time the viewer knows, oh, she's at least going to complete the story at the end of the video. And not frustrating. Exactly. So, we want the payoff to feel so good. And the way it's called is peak end There's there's a theory called peak end theory, where essentially you dictate your emotions or feeling or opinion towards something based on the ending. So, like just like you would watch a movie, you can be bored for the whole thing and then like the last 30 minutes is really good. And those 30 minutes will dictate your feelings throughout the entire movie. You would say, that was the best movie I've ever watched, even if the first half you hated it, right? Just cuz the ending is the last thing that you remember. So, that's why we want the endings to feel intense emotion. So, just close it off with either strong wholesomeness or like just a the funniest moment in the entire video. So, and a lot of the times we like to do twists just because they'll have great rewatchability. Essentially. Interesting. Interesting. Um, so that's the that's the perfect short. Now, let's talk about the process. So, you know, you've done some interesting things. I I I've heard you talk about getting ideas. You're like, I got thousands of ideas for shorts. You you know, steal like an artist. What does it mean to steal like an artist? And and what have you done to to kind of steal like an artist to generate lots of lots of great ideas? Yeah, stealing like an artist is essentially taking inspiration and rather than actually recreating video ideas. So, for the most part, what I mean by that is a I I usually steal from like topics or like different movie techniques as opposed to like taking actual ideas cuz I don't know. I feel a little icky doing that. Well, it's steal like an artist, not a steal like a thief, right? So, like steal like a thief is you take the exact idea from something directly in your lane and you just copy it. Yeah, exactly. it word for word, frame for frame. There's people that are doing that. Steal like an artist, I think, is you find inspiration from things direct, but also indirect, adjacent spaces, right? Um, and then you put your remix on it. You have to find a way to add your twist um, to that same base idea. Yeah, I think I think the the easiest example where I stole like an artist is I'm very inspired by like what Mr. Beast does. Like like he genuinely is like changing people's lives. He's philanthropic, you know, he's making people happy. And it's like, how could I do that with the Jenny Hoyos twist? And it's quite literally doing what he does, but on a budget. I think that's like the best example. Just like I when whenever like I want to take inspiration from someone, I try to find what's my unique perspective that I can add to it. That's great. You've also um, done like built some tools. I think you you you like scrape you you scrape data off these platforms so that you're able to analyze a bunch of videos and you're looking for some kind of outlier, I would assume, or you're looking for something in that data. Can you describe what you did and and what you look for? So, you know, like like you said, uh, my team has built a a bunch of tools and the goal for that is to understand our viewer psychology. So, recently, our number one goal is to increase subscriber conversions cuz we have over a billion views and 2 million subscribers. And where the average person would have like 10 million subscribers. So, we're like, okay, what let's increase our subscriber conversions. And essentially, what we did was we created a tool where we took all my videos and I manually labeled what I did in each of those videos. So, some of them were labeled as had my family in it. Other videos were labeled as malicious content, so me pranking. Other would Others were labeled as like wholesome and etc. Like I just labeled every video every video with any possible thing the video could be about. And a bunch of different like things we did. For example, if I mentioned YouTube or if I said subscribe or literally anything that could have happened, I labeled them manually. And then we put them in a graph and a chart to see uh, the subscriber conversions on that specific video to find how I can maximize subscriber conversions. And doing something like that, we found that I double my conversions when I have my family in the videos and specifically when I'm making wholesome content where I surprise them, such as like, you know, giving my mom a birthday present, for example, would have twice the amount of subscriber conversions. But then, Wow. because we have these tools actually What what What's interesting though is, you know, if you don't have this tool, the average person would see oh my it'll be like on my YouTube studio, they could be like, oh, you got double the amount of subscribers, so you should do that. But, that's not necessarily the case cuz what we found was I got double the subscriber conversion but 10x less the views when I do that. I actually get my regular conversions when I do malicious content, but 10x the views, which actually means I'm getting 5x more subscribers, which in theory means that's actually what's going to get me more subscribers. It's basically little things like this that we're building tools for to find how we can maximize viewer retention, viewer satisfaction, and etc. One of the other things that I really liked was when you you described you were studying the platform and you're like, I will go look at a channel and I look at a short. And, you know, if I see a short that has 10 million views, that doesn't necessarily mean it's the best concept if the person on average gets 10 million views. Exactly. But, if they on average get 10 and this video gets 30, it's an outlier concept for their baseline. And then you looked at all those outliers to figure out the differences between great ideas versus just normal ideas. Is that right? Correct. Yeah, it's it's all relative. Well, how did you do that? What What did you do? Was that manual? Did you just go channel by channel and just try to look at their view their their view counts? What did you do? Yeah, unfortunately, that was all manual. So, usually, the way I find these outliers is by going to trending every single morning. Every morning, I will go onto the trending page and I'll watch every single trending short. That's like your your morning routine? Yeah, and my night time routine. Cuz it it's like they change it. And my lunch routine. I'm always doing that. That's amazing. Exactly. And what's crazy is too, once you get used to it, you actually don't have to like just rely on trending cuz now my shorts feed is just a bunch of trending shorts. Because I watch trending every morning and night, now when I go on the shorts feed, I find trending like content as well. And and then I have a swipe file, which is what I actually learned from the book Steal Like an Artist. And then I have a swipe file that I'll put all these things in if I want to steal like an artist. I want to ask you a couple more questions, tactical questions. One, Um, audience. So, do you you know, there's there's different theories in marketing. They're like, you need to have a persona or a target target avatar. There's other people who say, I'm just making for me. Um, there's other people who say, you know, you should do a market analysis and find the the biggest market you possible and then a psychographic analysis, what they care about, blah blah blah. All right, that's, you know, what do what do you do? You're you're actually winning. What do you what do you do when it comes to audience? Yeah, so I used to have my younger self as my avatars. And you know, I think you can go pretty far doing that, but I realized if I want to get to 100 million subscribers, like I need to have multiple avatars. And now at this point, like I don't necessarily talk to one specific person. I'm just trying to cater to every audience. It's like I guess long story short, I used to do all that market analysis, but now I don't. So, yeah. So, what do you use as the guiding principle now? Just like kind of what what would anybody what would everybody be interested in? Is that the the different a different question? Yeah, the guiding principle is making content that's intriguing for kids cuz at the end of the day, like that's the biggest audience on YouTube, while making it mature enough for adults to also watch. So, you know, there's a lot of kids content where people are screaming. It's like, how do I make kids centered content that isn't screaming and is a little more like natural? Yeah, like, you know, Pixar did this amazingly, right? Like Pixar did it. Made movies that a 8-year-old and a 80-year-old can both go and enjoy and maybe for different reasons, but it's one product. It's one piece of content that just appealed to such a to totally different age groups. Exactly. That's exactly what I'm trying to do. And then it helps having my mom in the videos, too. Like I try to have her as much as possible because people can relate to me coming from a young perspective or people also watch us because they see my mom and they're like, "Oh, you know, I watched the videos cuz it's like it kind of reminds me of me and my daughter." You know, it's like it gives the viewers multiple reasons. Give me your take on where you think this is all is going. So, um it's amazing that every platform is now short-form video. It's amazing that people are getting millions and millions You can You've gotten a video with 100 million views. That number is is bananas. Um but also I think people are trying to figure out how to switch to long-form and a lot of people are kind of using their shorts to try to get to that cuz maybe they sense that the shorts is not building as much loyalty or trust. You know, the algorithm picks what you see, not you going and seeing the people you've chosen to follow necessarily. So, where do you think this all goes? Like 5 years from now, what does this look like? Where do you think the puck is heading? Uh or what are your kind of predictions for what you think where you think the value is or what you think are maybe some misconceptions other people have. Take any of that of like where do you think this all is going? I'm just curious to hear your takes. I feel like I feel like it's going to be like the extremes that do well. In the sense of like I think either short-form content is going to be continuing to grow or really long-form content, 20 minutes plus, is going to continue to grow. or really quick value. Yes, the really deep or really quick quick value. Like of don't want to be in between. Exactly. That That's genuinely like where I think it's going to go. Yeah, I I think I think social media is going to kill Hollywood, honestly. So, let me ask you about you now. So, you uh you're obsessed. Is that fair to say? Yes, I'm I have a very obsessive personality. It's scary. Do you get obsessed about other things? Is this the first thing you've become obsessive about or did you like get obsessed with some video game before that? I'm obsessed with I get obsessed with everything. It's It's a problem. It's a problem or it's a benefit? It's It's It's a both. It's a both, yeah. And what is your What's your goal with this? Like I guess you know, I people ask me this all the time. They're like, "So, when people get like a like a million views or 10 million views, do they get money from that? Is that the Is it Are you getting rich off this? Is that the goal with this? Um you're 18. What do you What do you want out of this? What's your goal?" Yeah, so I'm basically living to fulfill my childhood dreams. So, as funny as it sounds, like I started my YouTube channel when I was 8 years old. Like I I am literally living the dream. And like I just want to keep like achieving my childhood goals, which is like It's kind of cringe probably to say, but like quite frankly, like that that that is the goal. And ideally, like honestly, like I really do want to inspire people to understand the value of money and to not be so spoiled because, you know, when I was a kid, I didn't understand the value of money and I would always ask my family for things and, you know, like my parents being nice, like they would give me these things. And it's like it wasn't until I got older when I realized like, "Oh my gosh, like they're working so hard to make money and I would be asking for these things like that's not right." I don't know. Like and I And you wouldn't even need it. And I want to inspire people to like live a happy, fun life without needing that much money, which is why like my content is centered around having fun on a low budget. See, that's interesting cuz I thought you were saying I want to inspire people cuz I'm going to I want to be the biggest YouTuber and I want to inspire people who, you know, that you can make it as a YouTuber and blah blah blah. What you said was very different though. You were like your your thing that you do in these videos is about having great experiences either, you know, giving a a great gift or having a creating a fun project or eating your favorite food, but without having to spend a ton of money. Being more resourceful, being more handy, being being more sort of self-reliant versus, you know, money-reliant. And um that's kind of cool. I didn't realize that that was your goal. I'm I'm glad you I'm glad you told me that. That makes me kind of think about what you're doing in a different perspective and I think it could be a lot bigger if that's the perspective versus I want to be the biggest star I can be. Totally. And it's kind of tough though because I'm going to be completely transparent. Like I genuinely want to be the next Mr. Beast. Like I want to be the female Mr. Beast. Like over 100 million subscribers. But I still want to stay true to that message, which is going to be kind of tough cuz it's like, you know, Mr. Beast spends a lot of money to be where he is. Can I do that without? I don't know. Right. Well, that's the whole That's your premise. That's your whole thing. So, um all right. That's That's kind of amazing. Jenny, thanks for doing this. Thanks for coming on. Uh where should people find you and what's the What's the shout-out? What do you want to What do you want people to do from here? If you want to work directly with me, feel free to email team@jennyhoiyles.com. We can have a 1-hour consultation call together and I will review your your videos, your business, you know, let's let's blow up on social media. Love it. Thank you, Jenny. Thanks for doing this. Yeah, no. This is so much fun. I love this. Thank you so much for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fatlossflavor [1 likes]: This is Gold. Thank you for this interview sir
  2. @DP12356 [1 likes]: Jeesh, that is one brilliant woman. I’m so impressed with her mind.
  3. @davidchung1697 [1 likes]: More than 1/2 of the video is the host talking, rather than having the guest have her say. Brevity could be helpful.
  4. @Eevee-Evolution00: 좋아요 선생님, 오늘 쇼츠 올리기 전에 봤으면 좋았을텐데...

이미 망했지만 공부해볼게요😂
  5. @giovanonifamily: 29:42 - 30:46 Breaking Bad TV show spoiler😅
  6. @Boki-BOKl: I don't watch her but I like her a lot ❤❤she is genius ❤❤❤❤
  7. @RabiaKhan-e2u: Great❤
  8. @yangchen7982: Mr. Least 😂😂
  9. @SanataAnjata: Ok .for example ,there is a new topic , that is presented directly on the Cell phone camera ( YouTube ) each of my personal bodies works independently, starting from the "Eyes" of the news source and perhaps .my nerve cell in the brain process and give penalties ( conclusions) directly.
  10. @SanataAnjata: For me creating content is like doing an ' artistic activity ( hobby) playing the Guitar or my hobby is singing ( I like slow rock song) so .... Everything can flow like water fast and run smoothly. And .. I also like meditation as a hobby, so .. the roles of the right and left brain can work independently.
  11. @Lily_Cat_Vidz: Great video!
  12. @Amir_Ansari_Official: If as host you are telling everthing what is the needs to invite others
  13. @FeedingCats: you are so amazing Jenny.
  14. @publicspeakinglab: I think @jennyhoyos is fantastic she has such a great positive energy and although I thought this video was very interesting with a lot of these, I struggled to see how this would connect to something more technical. Suppose I wanted to start making educational videos on some engineering topic or redesigning a ppt? It would've been great to see you guys brainstorm how we could do that versus more entertainment focus content... what are the community's thoughts?
  15. @SundaeCPA: I am not comfortable in shallow water, I need a partner that is
  16. @2minutesbiblesermon575: Nice
  17. @Cali_Girl1: I Love This Girl!
She's Inspiring me to make videos. 😄
  18. @leonatsy: 🔥🔥🔥
  19. @SameehaChowdhury-x1n: I love Jenny so much!
  20. @S.L.Santos: Thank you for sharing! ✨

- Copy This Formula,  I Promise You’ll Go Viral (100% Success Rate) | Jenny Hoyos: Kind: captions Language: en the most viral ideas are the ones that are most relatable now my ideas just come naturally when I'm living life or when I'm talking to people I try to get as many ideas as possible are there any sort of key and easy takeaways people can have on retention rates and how they can increase them I would hope everyone's doing it and don't get lazy on that cuz it it makes a huge difference um Jenny Hoyos a 19-year-old YouTuber who's cracked the formula when it comes to going viral in short form content how are you sort of structuring like your opening frame on the shore I try to visualize what the concept of the video is ideally within the first frame they have an idea of what's going on averaging 10 million views per video she's created the perfect strategy to make your next video viral idea of obviously building monetization streams from your content you're getting those views how do you translate those into something that tangible that's a great question so meaningful audience growth always triumphs random and unpredictable reality spikes first of all do you think Creator should actually be aiming for reality it depends on the well let's get into it I mean I'm excited to ask all of these questions but again thank you so much for coming on the show um I know we're on a strict time frame so let's get straight into this but to not go through your entire backstory but I guess for those who don't know you're Miami based I think it's safe to say that you've mastered the art of reality you've pretty much nailed the Playbook um of like engineering good short form that's seeming to amass anywhere from like 500k to 40 million I saw on some some shorts I mean I have a short that has over 175 million but yeah yeah mind-blowing and uh I think as it stands you're currently on 8.5 million subscribers yes yes in just three years that's incredible uh I would like to know how that growth sort of actually came about like when did you sort of see that upward Spike yeah so um it's all exponential so the first year I I got to 1,000 subscribers after a year of posting nearly every day um a lot of content and then the year following that it was a million a year following it was three and then now we're at 8.5 so it's pretty drastic yeah my younger self would be kicking for that I mean I wish that could have been me back in 2013 when I was trying to do YouTube but I guess I'm on the other side of it now helping other creators uh get to a fraction of that point um as I couldn't even begin to imagine seeing a million plus but I guess is there anything else that you can maybe add there so I mean I think it's yeah you know we we've covered like your Basics s of overview but is there anything else you currently working on like what's your sort of tagline if you will yeah so um one thing I want to add to that that subscriber growth actually is um and okay so for my channel my call to action my CTA is to get people to subscribe so um what I'm about to say like applies to what depending on what the person's CTA is is some CTA to get sales what I'm about to say Al applies to that so what's interesting is um my channel overall has 2.5 billion views I had two billion views when I had three million subscribers so 3 million subscribers is two billion views but from 3 to 8.5 million subscribers I only got an additional uh half a billion views so right now I have 2.5 billion so um what's crazy is I found out how to actually get people to convert and that's why the subscriber count jumped that high so it wasn't it's not even a matter of of getting more views it was a matter of knowing how to do the right ctas and I would love to talk more about that a bit more later since I think that's super important uh ctas so that's something I wanted to add to that um as far as was did you ask what was the thing that you asked I guess it was pretty much that like what your for e and Outlook is on this this amazing journey of yours because I think as I said you've definitely mastered the art of retention I'd like to obviously get into how you're sort of structuring your content for that high retention as I believe that's one of the core metrics that really constitute the growth that you know that you're currently seeing and obviously correct me on that if that isn't the case but I think engineering content the way you currently are as SE on I literally just watched your $1 pizza versus Pizza Hut and I must admit I mean the changes every two to three seconds the placement was just spot spot on I can see how it easily creates that Loop where people just don't even realize they're still in it you know after they've consumed that it gets onto the next piece or it seamlessly replays as I've seen that to be like a good strategy that you've outlined in the previous podcasts I guess before we get into like the main content the reason we started the show as I said to you before was to sort of shed light on these unforeseen and I guess I would I almost gate kept like secrets that are driving big Creator success you know obviously channels like yours Mr Beast um widespread even from you know to the podcast like d CEO there's obviously teams there's operations there's Sops that are really driving this the upward trajectory and the whole point of this is to sort of obviously speak to the people like yourself to try shed light on what actually moves the needle and make it actionable that people can actually take things away from and Implement from the get-go so I'd love to explore to begin with your content ideation process so when I was I was reading through uh some of the podcasts that you've done before I think am I right in saying that you have like a Google Docs board or like a notion template of like a thousand ideas yeah I I go crazy on notion I love my notion oh Notions everything for us here as well yeah so what is like the assembly line of how I how ideas sort of are brainstormed and then SV through to the consideration process and actually turned into content pieces do you mind me could you walk me through like that process yeah so I it used to be something that I had to sit down to actually do like I used to have to sit down and just write a bunch of things or or honestly think until I realized the most viral ideas are the ones that are most relatable so now my ideas just come naturally when I'm living life or when I'm talking to people I try to get as many ideas as possible from that and I even um try to talk to others or even my avatar especially whenever I meet fans or even family members or family's uh friends I try to ask them like things they do what are their interests and I actually get ideas from that like actually um the actual Avatar because that is that is everything doesn't matter if I think the idea is cool if my viewers won't watch or my viewers are are really young so I won't necessarily relate to them uh so it's nice to get ideas that way so honestly as far as an ideation process there isn't really a a process I just I get topics from asking around in living life and then I refine the idea I said then I sit I'm I put all the ideas on my notion and then from there I refine the idea and brainstorm like at least 10 different ways that I can execute that topic or idea what's the involvement with AI here are there any sort of llms that you're using to help refine this any sort of prompts that you're helping to spark again this this process if you are if you do find yourself somewhat stagnant is there anything that you're cently using so I have a custom GPT that basically has as my my brain uh for for YouTube knowledge and all my students have this as well so I let them um use it as well so basically I I gave it like 50 pages of my Sops for my team so from there once that GPT has my brain the first thing I do is I prompt it with who my avatar is I give it a few sentences on their age interests um their uh their even their their issues um that they're they're facing what they want to what they want to learn um and yeah I I'll give it I'll give it an idea to work with and I'll have it brings from a bunch of different ways to to execute that idea and then I'll even have it give me a projected view count because what I do as well is I with my specific GPT so I have my custom GPT that's for anyone to use but then in addition to that um I added some of my videos as well and put what view counts they had and explained why so then that way when it gives me ideas it can have a sense of what's actually viral or not and then when it gives me ideas it can also tell me how many views it has and why it may or may not get um may not go viral so I I am using uh AI to as as a an not to necessarily do the work but as an assistant to bounce off ideas yeah that's interesting I'm curious to know I guess with this AI implementation how many ideas are you seeing making the cut like let's say on a a weekly process of maybe filming some short form how many ideas are actually getting through the the pipeline and how the and what like maybe the core sort of pattern that follows between those ideas yeah so back then it used to be like one in every hundred ideas when I used to have to sit down and brainstorm but um now that I let them naturally happen almost all of them get used um almost all of them get used because for the most Parts it's like it's like topics so for example came up with this last night it was it was like 10:00 p.m. at night and I'm hungry in bed and I want to get something in the kitchen but everyone's sleeping it's going to be and it's I'm going to be loud it's like okay well that's that's a relatable situation that that's a video idea the way I'm going to execute it I'm not sure but but do I know I'm going to do it yes I do know for sure um and when I have a topic like that or something to work with um I like to brainstorm a bunch of different ways to execute it and from there it does take like I I probably have to brainstorm 10 to 25 different ways to actually get the the way that I want EX it so I think it's safe to say that relatability is like the core deciding factor then am I right in saying that most definitely yeah because that that uh it's everything it hooks people it gets people to comment and gets them to share I mean it makes it memorable it gets them to rewatch that I think that's what makes a great video relatability yeah I like that I guess this sees nicely into your actual strategy and in the creation process I'm curious to know I mean I've read over many things that you've sort of mentioned like your 34 second length um readability testing so making sure that everything that's I guess included in the shore is I mean accessible to maybe fifth grade levels am I I think I'm right in saying that but I guess I want to know what you actually I want to know what your sort of guidelines are that I guess constitute a viral short so anywhere from for example the structure the patent disruption that you might use maybe again some of the language that you're using i' like like a sort of top down overview into what you really think moves a needle with shorts especially in 2025 yeah there are are so many different things so um I'm going to just pick like the most important three honestly um I'm going to break it into into threes of because the video is basically three the hook um the buildup and the payoff so I'm I'm going to pick the most important thing of those those three so the most important thing on the hook oh I I'm stuck between H okay I'm just going to I'm just going to say one that kind of constitutes us to it needs to be shocking now when I say shocking a lot of people uh tend to think like oh it needs to be something crazy or I'm in I'm in in a boring Niche or I can't like have something crazy like uh I don't know like dumping a bunch of something so when I say shocking I mean disrupt The View doing pattern when someone's scrolling through shorts because you know how to shock that Avatar so I I feel like I I'm gonna I'm probably GNA sound like a broken record mentioning my avatar but that is literally everything if you're if you if you don't have an avatar that then you're just not going to appeal to anyone you need to focus on appealing to someone and when you know who you're trying to appeal to you know how to appeal to them most so when you know who your avatar is or that person that you want to Target you know exact what triggers them and what's going to make them want to stop scrolling and and they need to watch your short so that is number one you need to shock your avatar uh another thing super important as far as like the content buildup as far as like the meat of the video has to be the progression you don't want to stay too stagnant uh repeating the same thing or action your viewer needs to feel like everything that you are saying is actually getting them closer to the payoff and the payoff should ideally be um the answer to a question or the solution to a problem otherwise there's no reason to watch until the end because there's no curiosity Gap um so that that's that's part of it too curiosity Gap um and and then as far as the payoff keeping it as concise as possible I see a lot of people uh give the answer to something and then they keep rambling and it seems and and a lot of people think that they don't do it but but almost everyone does it and you and you need to be you need to um be cautious of doing it on accident as well sometimes you can give away the answer without saying it because even if you don't say the answer if the viewer already knows what the answer is going to be or it's implied they're just going to leave um so those three do you think I guess it it you know very much differs of long form but I've always like this and it's something that I recommend to a lot of the clients we have um is obviously hor MOSI sort of free the proof promise and path you think that applies to short form I would say so but it needs to be very concise or even uh spread across the short so then instead of like saying an entire intro um breaking it up into different parts of the short maybe like for example um in a lot of long forms uh a very popular format is the hook so they'll say the hook and then they'll be like I'm this and I'm a psychologist doing blah blah and at the end of this video you're going to so a lot of times people do that and I think that's very successful in long form but the vice versa in shorts would be the hook um and what you're going to get by the end then already start with the action because time to action is super important and then after you given a bit of uh valuable information the viewer is is knows that you have um that you're at least you're you're getting to closer to their uh solution or answer then you give your your who you are then you continue the explanation yeah that ties nicely very similar yeah that does make sense I I think that ties nicely to what I wanted to explore now and that being the sort of I guess micro strategy Within These specific segments because you've obviously outlined that there's you have your intro you obviously have like the story arc you have the progression you almost foreshadow that answer if you will and obviously you keep building renion again very much depending on what the type of short form is but I guess and this is purely for like maybe the the more YouTube nerds and like the people that really sort of care about the micro details here but do you have like specific sort of guidelines or time frames that you maybe follow like should the introduction be two two to three seconds should the main body be I don't know 10 to 12 like what's your sort of thoughts on that yeah I don't necessarily um think about think about each thing in in time frames because it is dependent on the type of video but I try to keep the hook less than three seconds well at least this is like what I do for for my videos um and I feel like this this flows pretty well hook within the first three seconds and then from 3 to 10 seconds you're getting to the action and then um then you can introduce who you are or your your why uh on that 10 to 15 second Mark and then for the rest of the video you just let the video play out and the ending within 3 seconds so overall we're seeing shorts ending in 30 30 to 5 35 40 seconds are you saying that sort of like the sweet spot that is a sweet spot for my content however it does depend on the um type of viewer so the younger they are the shorter the older they are the longer nice well that ties really nicely to another question I have about your strategy so I I think you've sort of provided reasonable points uh and cogent arguments on what really does help sort of with retention so obviously these the meticulous detail to structure so it seems but I guess are there any sort of key and easy takeaways people can have on retention rates and how they can increase them because as we just sort of alluded to before I fig like that really is one of the the core metrics that really drives engagement and that really gets that short into the algorithm what are some sort of simple things people can maybe look at whether that be in the actual filming process or even the editing you obviously we're seeing loads of different cap caption Styles coming into play with different types of transitions what's working for you like how are you sort of keeping out those retention rates high and what do you advise yeah captions are huge uh I feel like I would hope everyone's doing it and and don't get lazy on that because it makes a huge difference um like for me it's at least a 5 to 10% difference in in retention I'm trying to think of other easy uh retention uh hack something I did do want to mention because we were talking a bit about time um on on like uh the time or the lengths thing I do want to mention because I haven't said it in in a podcast in a while is video length does matter so not a lot of people talk about that because it seems um it's interesting it's one of those things that as a beginner you're you think that it's like super important and then as you learn more you realize oh just have high retention video length doesn't matter um but then as you learn even more you realize oh wait video length does matter um and I feel like a lot of creators who start trying to like add these retention acts start thinking that oh the video length doesn't matter but the reason why it matters is because when people are scrolling through Shorts YouTube or or any platform understands the viewer's behavior so if it knows a viewer likes 10-second shorts it's going to only give it 10-second shorts and it would be very jarring as a viewer viewing experience for a viewer to watch a bunch of 10sec shorts and then get served a one minute short and then more 10-second shorts the reason why they wouldn't serve a one minute short is because now that one minute short is just going to feel incredibly long to the viewer who's used to 10 seconds so what does that mean that means to pick your ideal range we mentioned like for me it's 35 to 45 seconds pick a range within 10 seconds and make sure all your videos are within that range and what this does is it makes YouTube recommend your videos back to back to back back to your viewer so that is something that's super important doesn't necessarily it's not an easy takeaway to make your retention increase but it's an easy takeaway to make viewers not watch one video multiple videos so that's something I wanted to mention that's really interesting I guess that's something that I I think is somewhat often overlooked what you said about the um the duration of something as uh I don't I mean to be honest it's something that I don't pay as much attention um as as I should I mean but given that most of the work we do is in the podcast space so it's naturally catered to audiences that are obviously anticipating something to be 30 minutes onwards so I think it probably doesn't apply much and this is obviously specifically for long form here but I guess it still very much applies um and obviously with the shorts we're you know as you said before I'm always trying to Advocate that sort of 35 second maybe Max 50 depending on what obviously the short is about and obviously what message you're trying to hone what the value of it is I would like to focus on that performance metrics and what you're keeping an eye out on um obviously we've talked about you know retention um your scroll through rate what are some things that you're keeping an eye on and sort of measuring and iterating upon yeah so vew versus swipe way is super important to see how strong your hook is if it's not at least 70% that's why your video flopped I try to get at least 85% um but the bare minimum is 70% because I believe that is the average um so then from there I can determine whether the video flopped because it was the hook or not and then I look at the retention graph retention percentage is cool to know uh but it doesn't really tell you what you could do better the retention graph tells you what to do and um this is like a super easy way that I I think about it it's either so if you you you know it's the hook if with the viewers swipe way but if it's not your hook and it's something else in the video the retention graph is either going to have specific drop off points point where you want to look a few seconds before to see what you said not on the drop off you want to look a few seconds before cuz people left they heard what you said and then they left um or if you have no drop offs because a lot of people tell me oh I have low retention but I had no specific points people dropped off people were just dropping off throughout the video and it's because the progression wasn't clear um and and going actually back to the retention hacks simple retention hacks uh the reason why you're progress or the reason why it's slowly dropping off is because your progression wasn't clear and and when you have clearer progression you have better retention so an easy way to have clear progression this is another thing that's overlooked is listicles beginners do it all the time and then when people get more advanced they try to get fancy and they think oh I don't need to do top three whatever it is no it's it's it's crazy um how effective it actually is but people I don't know people people get get bored of of using it because they think it's cheesy but it works yeah I think it's that fear that's it's very overdone as well but as you said there it's I mean I think isn't it one of the four main storytelling arcs that you actually have in Your Arsenal on YouTube I think there's only four it's like the listicles the like guides if you will I can't think of what the other two are but I guess if you're not I mean if you're not following that you're sort of capping your ceiling already given that they are like the most prominent ways to structure something for this platform so that's a really good point um one thing I did want to mention as well on retention um and sort of your like your first three seconds is something that I found on your in watching a lot of your shorts you seem to always structure the opening frame very strategically for example that Pizza Hut video I watched recently as soon as I clicked on it Pizza Hut slammed right in your face the $1 right underneath and then again in a in a matter of a second you've cut to something something else entirely and then the next second it's something else entirely how are you sort of structuring like your opening frame on a short and is it as important as I'm getting at super important yeah so I try to visualize what the concept of the video is because people see faster than they can hear your your sentence so it could take me sometimes three to five seconds to explain the concept of the video but ideally within the first frame they have an idea of what's going going on or at the very least I caught their attention with whatever I'm showing in the opening shot um and one of my favorite ways to do that and a very actionable thing is cold opens which is basically um this applies to this this could apply well to podcast Clips where you basically take something um like the craziest moment or the craziest phrase and then you start the video with that um and right after it cuts back almost like a flashback but not really to to the context so for example let's say it's a podcast clip it could start with someone saying uh I almost died painting my house um and then and then the video starts with oh the other day I was sitting on the couch and then my whatever it was um so I I find that to be very effective starting with the most shocking thing in the video and then the video starts um over to show how you actually got to that Point yeah that Big W factor that sort of engages everyone from the get-go I guess I think we all know how important it is but I think we don't really know how important it is as you can you know as I'm seeing in your content there's obviously a lot of thought process that's going into those first 3 seconds I mean you're seeing all the big creators it's it's almost as if 80% of your effort should be on those first five seconds because if you're not that what's the point in obviously adding in these all all these um patent disrupts and you know these these engaging captions and overlays uh 10 seconds in if your retention at that point is sub 20% or whatever it might be yeah if no one saw it it doesn't matter um so yeah your your hook has to be the the best part of your video honestly and a lot of people think the ending needs to be the best um which it depends on the content but it doesn't necessarily need to be because the video is going to Loop so the beginning can be your ending as well yeah that's nice I want to uh transition now to team management and like take a look into what you really have going on with your operations I guess what does Jenny's ecosystem look like at the moment like what's like who have you got on board what's like your sort of core team pillars like who have you got helping you at the moment I think I read that you've been through like 25 editors at this point so I'd love to know like who your currently working with and I guess who's like driving the operations here yeah so um I used to have like three full-time uh us editors and it's actually crazy how um I went from having three full-time us editors to now only two freelance um outside of the US editors and they're getting just as much work done um so yeah the team is there the two editors and and uh my parents who who help me with uh with filming or or uh anything like production wise so it's very lean and you're very you know very much spearheading all of like the con you know the concept the ideation is that pretty much so I do um yeah I do everything I do the ideation scripting outlining filming uh responding to emails uh out brand Outreach yeah literally literally everything literally everything except editing I mean it's incredible isn't it especially with I mean I don't know what llm you I know you have your own custom gbt but I think I mean obviously the emergence of gbt when it I think it was a year and a half ago now or two years um upwards to obviously having pretty much everything now we've got grock we've got Claude we've I mean there's so many options now and I feel as if it really is at a point where you have the right prompt you have the right systems in place you don't really need anyone else besides you and maybe a second pair of eyes that isn't an a isn't AI um so I can very much see how that is the case like it doesn't really surprise me I thought you might have had maybe one or two people helping with maybe research or I don't know um I guess packaging some like the long I used to have someone I used to have someone doing all the pre-production uh but ultimately AI is honestly getting so good at this point especially now that Chad GPT has deep research yeah I mean it's it's it's insane I can only imagine where it's going to be in a year from now what's your process for research then like let's say I don't know you're seeing things moving there's new conventions being um released out there's you know there's things are moving how are you sort of keeping on top of uh emerging Trends how are you finding what's working as a for example you're utilizing AI with deep research are you doing manual things are there any creators you're looking at currently to uh get inspiration from what's that what's that process for you yeah so I don't do that much research honestly because a good video is the only thing that that really matters um mean sure there can be Trends but I don't chase Trends I try to make Evergreen content um so as far as inspiration goes um I watch a lot of traditional media I used to use YouTube and I used to use view stats to find like outlier ideas and all these things but um the ultimately it's always just a video that that pops off for a little bit and then it Fizzles out versus when I get things that have always been popular or I've been popular like a movie that has been popular for years I find that that's a much better and solid concept so that's actually where I get a lot of my ideas I'm I'm constantly watching movies but I'm also asking Chad BT to tell me like the best episodes from certain shows um and then um just like I guess like talking with it about those things and I get a lot of ideas um and and storytelling uh Frameworks from from traditional media but as far as like anything else like that is specific to YouTube or platforms I'm constantly learning it's it's crazy how um as I keep growing I still watch all I still watch every podcast and interview from the top creators I try to stay on top of all of them who are you watching so Colin is Samir I watch all their videos those are great for for creators um I also love Diary of a CEO I don't watch every episode but there's a couple of good uh episodes also just like in general for for life um Alex heroi has some he has some great Creator tips as well business and Creator tips um and I follow Gary ve who occasionally also gives some good insights as well before we move on I really like that point you made about I guess ideas just coming natural to you and not really getting too caught up in the research process because I think especially with what you said before if you really know your ICP and you know exactly what you're trying to solve entertain on or clarify or or whatever it might be it should come quite natural granted that you understand the space you know you you've been in it for a while you can obviously paraphrase certain video ideas rehash that for that new piece of creative so I like that I think an emphasis on maybe taking a a deeper look into what your audience are actually watching what's sort of working on your channel already and sort of basing your research on that as opposed to chasing Trends as you said you know chasing thing chasing things that might be working in one specific Niche that might not really translate that well for I don't know the content you're making for your specific target audience yeah no 100% definitely yeah the last point I I mean we we spoke about it before the call but I really like this idea of and maybe it's a caveat and a hot take but I personally think meaningful audience growth always triumphs random and unpredictable verality spikes granted you have famously said you can make anything go viral but not everyone is Jenny and I think a lot of people try aim for that Viral formula and just get let down countless times I guess first of all do you think creators should actually be aiming for reality it depends on the Creator if they're trying to sell products you just need to hit the Right audience but if you're trying to be an influencer you need that virality um but I completely uh agree with you it's very similar to how I mentioned how earlier I gained an extra 5.5 million subscribers with only a few extra views because they were targeted views I think that's what I was trying to get at with the misconception again I think for a lot of creators there's this idea of 100K views on I don't know their brand new Tik Tok short or or YouTube short um there's this almost misconception that it's going to translate to anything meaningful for their business or their overall you know their overall Channel but I just never think that's really the case again I appreciate that it's very dependent on what your goals are as you said before if you're trying to be an influencer or if you're trying to sell B2B I feel as if what matters most in all facets of of content is just reaching the right eyeballs people who actually need your use uh need your insights so I guess I think that that's the sort of real sustainable growth which stretches beyond the content itself but I guess if you are getting glimpses of verality and you are hitting those numbers what are some important things people can take away and actually Translating that into something more meaningful yeah so um if I understand the question properly the way I see it is um if you are to hit that that Viral uh video and you're selling a product or service you you probably you probably went viral because you weren't forcing to sell the product or service so a lot of people seeing that aren't actually interested in buying your product or service but you are more likely to get that viewer on your next video so you know let's say someone doesn't even get 100 views a video if they get 100,000 views even though they're not going to buy these are still 100,000 people that you can retarget and that's and that's where the value is um now creating the the ad well doesn't need to be an ad but the video where you do want to sell your services and make it about the similar topic or similar style so that those same people one of the the 100K who are likely to buy see that video and that's where you get the conversions what are the best ways for a Creator to sort of preach that Gap from the general eyeball to the consideration phase you mean in um from like in retargeting or just in general how do you I think in general like if you're seeing those numbers coming in so let's say I don't know you're really starting to pick up some momentum uh maybe you're checking your demographics or your psychographics whatever you're using to to read um stats and you're seeing that you know you are getting these these widespread audiences onto your content uh whether that be somewhat you know a platform like Tik Tok or your YouTube shorts if you're serious about you know building like a meaningful contact base and and uh and meaningful audience what are ways in which you can try bring those people to your brand and try keep them around it yeah I guess it comes back to their their um their wants needs or desires and thinking about it U more specifically or even demographically um but yeah I guess it's like being more specific so I'm trying to think of a good example like let's let's say you make you make videos about uh losing weight and you're probably getting all kinds of of different people wants to literally anyone who wants to it could literally be anyone who wants to lose weight um you know being more intentional with your hooks is definitely the first actually that's number one um so thinking about what are who who is the type of person you want to Target is it someone who's who who works so it's or someone who doesn't have time to work out um so but then anyway someone doesn't have time to work out could be anyone so maybe you can focus on hooking with something about uh work so um you could hook along those lines want to lose weight but you're too busy at work uh so that that's the way I would go about it thinking about what what that specific Avatar and trying to attach a lifestyle something about their lifestyle to the hook yeah no that makes a lot of sense I guess again very much alluding to nailing that ICP having those Frameworks in place to Mach the chances of sort of getting your content at the Forefront I want to ask what's next for you what are you sort of currently working on like where are you seeing everything going with short form are you putting more emphasis on long form like what's sort of the next steps in 2025 for you yeah so I'm trying to get more brand Partnerships I think that is uh for influencers specifically that is the best way to monetize I thought about launching my own product which is which is great but then I would have like what like 20 to 30% profit margins versus if I take on a brand deal I get to keep 100% of the profits basically so uh now more so recently I'm trying to create more branded or brand friendly content and uh do more Outreach so I can secure more brand deals that's that's what's next become the the the person that people go to or the the person that brands are coming to constantly yeah I think that's a whole separate thing in itself I mean obviously I'm I'm aware of time but that idea of obviously building monetization streams from your content because that's something that I'm a massive proponent of especially in you know the clients we're dealing with in the podcast space it's how do you make and sort of what I was alluding to before you're getting those views but how do you translate those into something that is maybe tangible for example um you know building those info products maybe getting those people into a contact base um you know like exclusive communities like that's what love about the content game and it's sort of where I geek out at like right how can we capture those eyeballs what are the best conversion points we can Implement I guess this is obviously looking ahead but let's say you did have an info info product what would be some of the ways in which you would start leveraging call to actions to get people into that sort of system yeah that's a that's a great question so I mean subtlety is best um and um fomo fomo is definitely I would say the number one so rather than trying to sell them on it say you need to get this because of that um literally it's in the change of language get this because of this don't say that instead say people are getting this because they have experienced um this this and that um someone who does a great job which I I recommend people to to look at their ctas have you do you know the channel Charisma on uh Charisma on command rings a bell yeah so on all their videos they have they have the best CT I almost buy from them every single time I watch their videos um that it's it's just so good because instead of telling people to get their program at the end of their video um they'll say like for example oh Johnny just got basically they teach people like how to be to have Charisma be better on interviews or podcasts or or in conversations make more friends Etc so charisma they'll they'll usually say uh they'll read a testimonial from someone they'll say and and and uh a our student Johnny just said that he he went in for an interview the other day and he did so good that they are offering him double the money now uh thank you so much for the program so they'll just like read a testimonial but like um like show how the person's life has changed so instead of saying like this program teaches you this this and that and you'll get this for this price they they just at the end include a student testimony I think that's that's the method it's almost positioning well I guess uh prior to the the way in which you actually uh plug it it's all about positioning as additional free value then I suppose there it's I they don't say it's necessarily free but it's implied it's implied that it's a it's a program that you pay for but it's it's um yeah s additional value not not free ignore it yes add value yeah yeah additional value without telling you what they'll actually give you rather the what the results will be so instead of saying um the cause you see the effect I love to see that especially when you actually start whether that be you know later down line when you maybe do toour with the idea of a community or some sort of product alongside your brand Partnerships I love to see how you you create your short form I'd love to know how You' strategize your short form to try maybe because obviously you know how to make it go viral maybe how would you play with the positioning the structure maybe some of the overlays to oh yeah I have some ideas people in I have some ideas um but right now I think sponsorships is uh is very high leverage but ideally you're double dipping so if if you know there's people who have podcasts on here you know you have your sponsorship but then you also have your product that you plug and now you're you're getting double demonetization triple actually because of the ad Revenue yeah well that's it before we wrap up what's that sort of One Core thing you can leave people with I mean you've given an abundance of value here but like what's one thing creators should be going away from this episode thinking right I need to work on that Big Time besides their short form hooks as we know that's the number one thing above all yeah um I I want to go with with Avatar um and a lot of people have an avatar but specifically a unique and very specific Avatar you you want your avatar to be so specific that um or even unique that no one else no other Creator is targeting that Avatar or has your mission with them CU you need to make it so that people have no like they have no one else to watch nowhere else to go but to your content that's the number one takeaway amen yeah Jenny thank you so much for this I really appr yeah no I had I had a great time uh speaking with you and if if anyone watching wants to work together they can email team Jenny hoy.com I'm having a good coaching program yeah find you what what you've got going on yeah so they can just go to my website Jenny hoy.com and if they have any questions about working together team email team Jenny hoo.com I am launching a group coaching program seven days where I group coach creators and we even have a live call um it's going to be on April 7th so I'd love for as many people to be there so I can help you directly live perfect that will be in the description Jenny thank you so much yeah this is great thank you for having me boom

  Top Comments:
  1. @JennyHoyos [32 likes]: thanks for having me! i love sharing the latest short-form insights 🙌
  2. @tiablair4683 [2 likes]: The interviewer spends such a long time formulating and layering his own questions that it becomes more of a monologue than a dialog and it doesn't come across as if he is interested in what his guests have to say. Some people talk to think, but I'd think the questions are well thought out, then you should not feel the need to explain the question. You can tell in the way Jenny just says, yeah, that's right so it validates this perceived need to showcase knowledge. To say, "again'... and then have to rephrase the question, it means it was not well articulated, and it comes across as condescending.
  3. @ObsoleteJustice [2 likes]: That was amazing very smart young lady thanks for this amazing content❤❤❤
  4. @elshowdeoscarflores [2 likes]: is this a cheap fake? For having Jenny Hoyos on, you would think the channel would have more than 92 subscribers and at least 2 million views. She never mentions his name. There is another video on YouTube with the same topic. Just wondering...
  5. @JK-es9wu [1 likes]: You know YouTube are watching this and changing the algorithm ti F with us 😢
  6. @MossezOne [1 likes]: Thanks you. .I like.
  7. @alittlechocolatedrop [1 likes]: Great questions. Thank you for having her on!
  8. @life_in_their_shoes_1 [1 likes]: Just saw the first min of the video, and I need to say this, the video editor have done a very great job.
  9. @kleber1983: Had to use an AI to resume the video for me... Not much juice to squeeze...
  10. @HomeCats10: Your a channel for kids not for small YouTubers. get to know what people want then try to help. Because right now you don't help us at all cuz your content is for kids not for adults
  11. @SanataAnjata: My sosial media journey has long been noticed by profesor Michio kaku and he offered this to Sundar Pichai ( Google 's  chief Executive officer) and contacted me to see 'the effects of prayer or meditation energy on the universe using quantum phisics and using the latest technology at Google Ai technology. My hope is that Google will also try other meditation figures to try this Ai technology , the goal is that we are able to " evolve" ( meditators) in a better direction and also be able to " participate" in filtering the negative energy. That is already too large in the world.
  12. @SanataAnjata: We can "respond" to or evaluate a discourse or video that we categorize ady good based on " perception " ( the result of many people's assesments) for me, just do it first and then let social media judge it .
  13. @SanataAnjata: Presenting information on social media, maybe... Everyone  can, but*quality is necessary and can be trusted and not a setting .  Deople are more interested in watching a video that is usually " rarely discussed " or very few are able to present and event that is "packaged" ) presented) in a simple way but the coment is dence and hiqh quality. Or it's okay if we present ordinary news but the way package it or the way we present it has a more "pattern" ( the language we use) that can make people captivated .
  14. @G28Studios: Well, I hate this type of intros but I guess everyone are doing them therefore everyone is doing it…good interview, I liked most of the questions, but I think the questions have been already asked and I haven’t been able to hear anything different to what she has already said…for example, a really good question could have been: would you post the same video 4 times in a month with a different first frame and different first 3 seconds hook?…anyways, I left a like, you deserve it, keep it up!
  15. @spoiled_daughter: Small channels here ---->
  16. @FerlWorks: How I wish I could have that Jenny's skill. So young and so smart!
  17. @GuitarGiveawayChannel345: Wow 2.8K views well done pov the virality of your awesome content learn guitar freak 😊
  18. @GuitarGiveawayChannel345: HOW DID YOU WANNABEES FROM BEHIND THE FLYWHEEL MOST CRINGE YOUTUBE CHANNEL NAME IN HISTORY LOL GET to interview the most influential youtube shorts viral video creator on youtube or even online for that matter ever born why would she agree to collab with you guys with 6 whole youtube videos on their channel whoaahhh crushing it fellas she just degrading her persona and hard worked for reputation who the hell are you losers noone get off our platform try hard this is for the og video guitar creators people like me and my youtube sis jenny hoyo so funny you even get to do a video with the youtube shorts genius like me and you still only got 3 views you dumb clowns have no clue about youtube do yas you must upload valuable free consistent high quality original valuable and entertaining video content for a decent period of time hey until youtube can trust your channel and knows as immediately as you publish your videos youtube instantly knows who your targetted niche audience is hey i bet you clowns thought you were gonna blow upp and go viral cos you partnered with a youtube video genius nup never you guys dont get it and you probably never will either quit while your ahead cos ya gonna fail anyways i can see that by looking at your sad miserable youtube channel go back to tiktok and instagram yeah and play with the kindergarten kids you are not one of us bye leave now!!1 im serious no hope. pansy brit kooks only care about gay money dont yas fu**ing losers no idea go 🤨🤨😮😮😥😥🤐🤐😐😐😶😶😯😯😴😴🤔🤔🤨🤨
  19. @jaycodeMusic-h1l: Small channels let's gather here
  20. @serapossivelpeixegamer: Thanks :)

- Unleash Your #YouTube Potential with Jenny Hoyos' Proven Tips - #howtomake, #hoyocreators, #jenny: Kind: captions Language: en Unleash Your YouTube potential with Lenny hoy's proven tips treat it like a money-making machine find a niche that sizzles craft hooks with visual spice and dive deep into viewer Cravings one consistency and business mindset treat YouTube like a business schedule content consistently focus on quality and quantity two finding a niche Blue Ocean strategy have a unique twist in your content identify a gap in the market example focused on finance for kids three creating catchy hooks keep hooks concise under 3 seconds visual appeal is crucial use foreshadowing to keep viewers engaged four storytelling techniques use but so storytelling for conflict and resolution incorporate dual narrative storytelling for concise messages five structure and pacing quick hook medium paced middle Peak moment back to medium pacing and quick ending create a roller coaster of emotions six understanding analytics utilize retention graphs analyze top performing videos for Content strategy seven building viewer loyalty use repeatable formats buckets keep titles and structures similar for viewer familiarity eight monetization strategies shorts can be as profitable as long form content ad Revenue may be lower but sponsorships products and courses contribute significantly nine transitioning from shorts to long form see shorts and long form as different challenges convert by making similar feeling content example transitioning from short food Recreations to a longer video on the same topic 10 handling viewer transition from form retention on long form videos can be high if the feel is similar some challenges but evidence of successful transition 11 General tips understand YouTube as a business prioritize viewer connection stay consistent with scheduling analyze and adapt based on analytics build loyalty through repeatable formats be open tool solving strategies for both shorts and long form content overall the key takeaway is the importance of a business mindset Niche identification engaging content creation and strategic monetization for Success on YouTube

- Edit Like Jenny Hoyos ➡️ Get 1 Million Subs: Kind: captions Language: en in 2 years and 109 videos Jenny Hoyos has gained 1.65 million subscribers making shorts giving Financial advice without giving Financial advice you can do exactly the same thing let's recreate the open for Jenny's latest short in capcut then I'll tell you Jenny's secret and how you two can get a million subscribers for free I shot this in my kitchen using my phone because your camera just doesn't matter let's jump in a cap cut we'll import our footage I'll select all of these by selecting the top one holding my shift key and then selecting the bottom selecting import we could select the beginning of the clip we want to use by navigating with JK and L and when we find about the beginning we would just type the letter i to set an endpoint go to the end what we want to use and type in O to set an out point then clicking on this plus sign here and that drags into the timeline and we can just clean it up a little bit once we're in the timeline because we have a little more Precision control maybe when the bottle starts to move we make that our very first frame and I could split the clip right here by selecting the split icon here now we have our beginning shot that looks like this I shrug and about there I probably want to end it now I could do that with every clip but I find sometimes it's really helpful just to put all of your Clips in your timeline in order and then edit in the timeline and I do this in both cap cut and Premiere so I'm going to take these remaining clips and drag them all to the timeline like this I'm going to just select the rest of these clips and put them in order we now have this open roughed out we're not going to use any of this audio so I could either hit this mute icon right here and that mutes this entire track but if I moved these clips to another track the audio would come back so what I instead want to do is select all of the clips and click on audio and then drag the volume down and as I drag the volume up and down look in the timeline and you'll see that the audio levels are going up and down for all the clips so let's drag it down to nothing and now we have no audio but all the clips intact did you know that you record voice over right within cap cut to record we position our playhead where we want the audio to start now I could record live while watching these Cuts but I don't really want to do that I just want to have the audio in the timeline so I can clean it up in case I make mistakes so I'm going to position my playhead at the end of the sequence and to record you just hit the record icon you have options to record with whichever devices are hooked up to your computer at the moment I've got this mic which I'm going to use but I could also record with the microphone built into my computer or my phone believe it or not it knows my phones here and I could just record into my phone it would be better to record into my phone than using my computer's microphone because I could put this microphone right next to my mouth when I hit record it's going to give me about a 3 second run up so I'm ready to start recording and then it'll add the audio after this so let's hit record is tonic water actually is tonic water actually water I'm going to find out by replacing leadless tonic water with tap water to see if she notices and I'll do one more take is tonic water actually water I'm going to find out by replacing Leela's tonic water with tap water to see if she notices I think my second take was the better take so I'm going to use my second take and I'm just going to edit this next I'm going to show you a secret for learning how creators actually create their content let's go ahead and import that clip of Jenny right here and I'm just going to drag it on top of my video and I'll be able to match exactly what she does because I can see it and never ever ever copy a Creator word for word shot for shot duplicate their videos but learn from this and be inspired by this so you can learn how to do what they do first we go through here and because I made almost all exactly the same shots I'm going to try to match it shot for shot so I'm just going to go through here and find where each cut is and I'm going to add a cut here I'll just click add cut and then we've got this little transition thing here and that's very short and actually this this secret alone can completely level up your stuff because what is she doing right here she's doing a quick change and you think it's some fancy visual effect but literally all she's doing she's got a few frames of her bringing the apron into frame and then right here we can see she just cuts to a completely different shot the backgrounds didn't even line up perfectly look how the background's out of focus that light right here is out of focus and here it's in Focus but because it's just one frame the illusion is great and she's moving you can do this all the time Quick Change Change Your Shoes change your clothes change your hat change your location doing stuff like this now I have to do is line up my cuts with her cuts and then adjust them maybe a little bit I'm going to turn off the magnetic timeline down here so I can drag this over and have room to do this easily that's all the rest to that notice that all of my cuts match exactly I also adjusted the audio so it was more consistent with her audio and went with the video a little better and now we just need to add some text to add text let's go ahead and hide Jenny's layer grab some text down here make sure the text lasts only the duration of that first cut because that's how it was on Jenny's and we're going to change the words to be is tonic water and let's go ahead and highlight all of that by hitting command a or control a on a PC choose a slightly better font maybe monster rot and hers was just white with a black stroke so let's go down here to stroke and add the black stroke that looks pretty good kind of right there increase the font size and let's see what Jenny did for hers and notice where she had the text it was right under her chin so you're looking at her face and you can see the text at the same time so let's position our text kind of exactly the same I'm going to just click and drag it up here all right the text looks good but now we could use some arrows because if we look here we can see that Jenny has arrows there so let's go ahe and find an arrow we simply click over on stickers and oh look a red arrow we just drag it to the timeline and position it where we want it she has her Arrow pointing up at that can so let's go ahead and hide her track and adjust this Arrow so it's poin in the right direction let's go ahead and show our text again and make sure everything's lined up great and then let's go ahead and add the arrow back here as well you can use the same Arrow just hold down the option or ALT key click and drag and you duplicate that saves me a ton of time notice that Jenny's text and arrow are moving as she is moving this can here so let's go ahead and do that to do that we want our t text and arrow to move together to make them move together we select both of them right click choose create compound clip and then we want to use tracking I'm going to hide Jenny's track again and position our playhead right in the middle here and jump over to video tracking select tracking choose motion track move this little sucker right here right over something that it can possibly track and we want it to track backwards and and forwards we wanted to follow what this bottle is doing and have the text move accordingly so we're going to leave this set to both we're going to uncheck scale we just want this to go side to side if we have scale checked it'll get bigger and smaller depending on what the bottle is doing but it's not always super accurate we're just going to hit start and see how it does and that's that's actually not too bad and we're going to do the same thing for this guy here all we have left is that a little bit of music so let's go ahead and click on audio under music let's typee classical cuz she has some classical song in there classical music famous Bach cellos Sol don't see that one that it works just going to click and drag it down here position our play here we want it to end and we're going to hit command B with this highlighted and just delete that let's adjust the levels make sure that we have me speaking on and nothing else but the music and let's see how it sounds is tonic water actually little bit Loud Let's go ahead and click on the music and drag the volume down minus 15 to 20 works pretty well for me usually is tonic water actually water I think that's probably pretty great let's go ahead and watch our Masterpiece is tonic water actually water I'm going to find out by replacing Leela's tonic water with tap water to see if she notices now that we know how to physically do it here's what's even more important this is Jenny's secret that can get you hundreds of thousands of views and a million subscribers you'll notice that Jenny's shorts are simple they're relatable and she doesn't waste a second that intro was 6 seconds long but it had five shots text graphics and music and dialogue it has nothing to do with equipment or production value but everything to do with great storytelling a simple hook that creates a question you must know the answer to delivering on the hook and then abruptly ending the video that is a brilliant formula that you should 100% copy in fact watch that again and write it down on the other end of the spectrum you have Jimmy Donalds and Mr Beast who spends a gazillion dollars on every video but guess what Jimmy Donaldson started out as a broke kid and didn't spend any money on his first videos to learn how to edit like Mr Beast you got to watch this video right here dude this stuff still makes me all excited

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrevorJonesCreator [4 likes]: ✅ Learn CapCut in a Week:  http://www.mastercapcut.com
  2. @Arcticlunaa [2 likes]: You are the most underrated CapCut editor. I never thought it was possible to do so much on the app. I LOVE the content it’s fascinating to watch
  3. @Grandpa007 [2 likes]: Your videos have been such an inspiration to me! They motivated me to learn how to make better content. Now I'm getting over 10,000 new subscribers a week! I just wanted to say thank you. Your work really made a difference for me.
  4. @factically4972 [1 likes]: Trevor, can you please find her background musics
  5. @Octavioelbachatero [1 likes]: I love it Bro!
  6. @lordbeggar [1 likes]: Then why dont you have 1m subs? Only 74k?
  7. @internetbizlife [1 likes]: Great video 🛜
  8. @calebgodspower3376 [1 likes]: Sir I salute u,ur videos are good
  9. @gidelramirez [1 likes]: Nice, thank you.
  10. @NatiNice2be [1 likes]: Wow! Thank a lot! New subscriber here👍
  11. @Chissa_hoang [1 likes]: Your content is so awesome, you earned 1 new subscriber:')
At 2:20 How can you add the input device of the microphone on your phone? I can't figure it out. 
It'd be great you could help me out here
  12. @shabatidjani1354 [1 likes]: hey trevor thanks for the epic videos
wanted to ask where you get your sound because they are very goog
  13. @MarketConversations [1 likes]: Your videos are the best tutorials on how to use capcut! Thank you!
  14. @Koa_ihml [1 likes]: BRO I NEEDED THIS ONG YOU DA GOAT 👑👑
  15. @GürsoyUnlimited: thanks for the  video is very good. But i miss the programm for voice over is which programm ?
  16. @GürsoyUnlimited: what is that for a programm on the right that shows the text ?
  17. @GürsoyUnlimited: how do you exactly set the voice over  to the szenes that you want to have ? do you look how long minutes the szenes have to make exactly voice over example 4 sec szene 4 sec Voice over
  18. @GürsoyUnlimited: what is the name of the Programm for your text , that you use ?
  19. @IIIrandomIII: Her secret is HER CUTE MANNERISMS AND ADORABLE FACE!!!
  20. @Tajworks: Cool

- Hidden tale of Jenny Hoyos' journey to becoming a YouTube star: Kind: captions Language: en I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world just step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I would think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like these these are my favorites to think about by the way my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to

- The Secret to Telling a Great Story in Less Than 60 Seconds by Jenny Hoyos: Kind: captions Language: en What if you could captivate an audience in under a minute? In this engaging TED talk, Jenny Hoyos reveals the art of concise storytelling. She emphasizes that brevity doesn't mean sacrificing depth. Instead, it's about distilling your message to its essence. Hoyos begins by highlighting the importance of a strong hook. In a world filled with distractions, grabbing attention quickly is crucial. She suggests starting with a compelling question or a surprising fact to draw listeners in. Next, she discusses the structure of a short story. Even in 60 seconds, a story should have a clear beginning, middle, and end. This structure provides a framework that guides the audience through your narrative. Hoyos also touches on the emotional impact of storytelling. Connecting with your audience on an emotional level makes your story memorable. She advises choosing words that evoke feelings and painting vivid images with concise language. She concludes by encouraging everyone to practice storytelling. Like any skill, it improves with practice. By mastering the art of brief storytelling, you can make a lasting impression in any setting. If you found this video insightful, like, comment, and subscribe to Teddoodles for more visual summaries of groundbreaking ideas. Stay curious, stay inspired, and remember, big ideas start small.