- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @eikooc-elppa: Just started my channel yesterday. Thanks for this vid!
  6. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  7. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  8. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  9. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  10. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  11. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  12. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  13. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  14. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  15. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  16. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  17. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  18. @JQLShorts: W
  19. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  20. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- How to f**king cheat the YouTube algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en I used to think the YouTube algorithm wasn't fair. And you know this feeling. You upload every week. You edit your video for eight hours straight. You spend so much time making content, yet you still have nothing to show for it. I was exactly the same. I used to think I just wasn't good enough for this YouTube thing until I started seeing these tiny channels get hundreds of thousands of views. And then I realized I wasn't boring. I just didn't know how to play the game. But once I did, I got a million views, quit my job, and made over $120,000 last year with YouTube alone. So, yes, the algorithm is unfair. But before you quit YouTube forever, make one more video and implement this one thing that I'm going to show you. It changed my life forever, and it might change yours, too. So, let me show you how to play the game of YouTube the easy way. The first thing you need to understand is that you are drunk on failure. Let me explain. Every time you upload a video that fails, you not only get zero views, but you also took a shot of vodka. And the more you fail, the more you get drunk, which makes it harder to make a good video because you are literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drunk. Think about it like this. If you got hit by a train and you had to get surgery to save your life, would you A want the surgeon to be clear-minded, sober, and be ready to save your life, or B have the surgeon walk in 12 shots deep off the henny? You'd obviously want the doctor that's clear-minded because he's not going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your surgery up and kill you. And believe it or not, it's the same thing with YouTube. Your video is like a surgery and you need to be a good surgeon because everything has to be good. Your thumbnail needs to be good. Your idea needs to be good. Your scripting needs to be good. Even your vibe needs to be good. Take all your past failures, throw them in a mental box. Lock this imaginary said box, swallow the key, and throw it as far as you can down the river. Once you do this, congratulations. You have a clear mind and you can now make a video that gets views. Now, before I tell you this one thing that will make your next video explode, there's some bad news. Your ideas are actually really bad. Okay? They've been done a million times before and they have no emotion or story. And you're so entitled to the point that you assume people care about you. Do you really think a person that's never seen you before in their life will click on your video? That's called being egotistical, man. Look, I want you to tattoo this on your ass so you never forget. People don't care about your videos until you make them care about your videos. I mean, look at my own content. I'll be honest. I have videos that have a,000 views and I have videos that have 200,000 views. The reason why is because this video doesn't make people care. But this video made 200,000 plus people care. And the simple reason why is because the video idea made them care by intriguing them on their desires and their pains. Just like my guy Derek, who's a part of my community winners club, made videos that went nowhere until he started making people care with his video ideas. Derek's videos here have less than a thousand views or whatever the case may be. And Dererick's video here, aka his latest video, has 72,000 views. All because he tweet his video ideas to play into his viewers desires and pains. Okay, so now you understand that you're drunk and your video ideas suck. You can now know the one secret that will separate your channel from the rest of your competition. And I am confident you haven't heard this before from any other grow on YouTube guy. Now before I tell you this, I am not sponsored. I am not affiliated with this software in any way. I am literally just a guy that is sharing some secret sauce that I honestly should be charging for. And I genuinely use this. Okay, now before you grab the pitchforks and burn me to a cross, here's the secret. AI. Now, wo wo. Look, don't click out the video yet. I'm not going to sit here straightfaced and tell you to make AI brain rot YouTube automation [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which by the way is 99% of the time BS. This isn't a video telling you to use Chat JBT, Claude AI, Deepseek, or any of those other popular programs. I honestly only heard one guy ever talk about this program, and coming from someone that isn't sponsored or affiliated in any way. It is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hack for growing on YouTube. It's called Cortex. Now, can you press one button and have it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out a viral video for you? Of course not. But what it can do is give you a competitive edge from all of your competitors. Cuz think about it, in 2022, AI was really bad. But in 2025, you can barely tell the difference between what's real and fake. You have AI therapists. You have AI art that damn near looks like a human made it. Even my most popular thumbnails were made with AI [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Even this thumbnail is probably going to be made with AI. My point being is that AI is literally only getting better because it tracks your data. It tracks your viewing habits. It knows exactly what you like. It knows exactly what you hate. It pretty much knows you inside and out. And the craziest part about all this is that you can access this wealth of knowledge with the very same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] machine that you're watching this video on. The key is to make the robots do the work for you. and I'm going to show you how to use Cortex to make a viral video. I'm going to show you not only Cortex, but how I use Chat GPT in a crazy way. But first of all, this is literally like the whole video. Why do I like Cortex? Well, basically, it's AI on steroids, especially for your script writing and figuring out exactly who your target audience is. And I'm just going to pretty much briefly go over this real quick. So, first of all, there's a bunch of options like be my creative sparring partner. You can literally go back and forth with an AI that knows literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everything in the universe to help you become more creative with your YouTube videos, get better ideas, etc. Edit your writing, generate 50 plus content ideas, generate viral social posts, write a thread or carousole, YouTube newsletter or article draft, and market is where it gets really, really crazy. And I'm just going to briefly go over this cuz, you know, you could pretty much go through this yourself. But what you want to do when you go to market is go to custom avatar generator. And it's going to ask you a bunch of questions. So, first of all, a brief description of my target audience is like people that want to grow on YouTube. And it's going to ask you like 30 plus questions like what is the age range, etc., etc. And I'll even show you mine right now. Once it asked me all these questions, it basically gave me the whole demographics, psychoraphics, buying behavior, media consumption, brand relationship, etc. of my target audience. And what I did is I used this I threw it in chat GBT and I basically used this as a thumbnail reviewer. So these are some of the thumbnails that I have for this video in specific and I actually just made another one which is not here but I asked thoughts compare it to how compare it to the how to get viewers addicted thumbnail and it'll basically give me the pros and the cons. It will rate the thumbnails and it will give me like fresh variants/ ideas and it'll basically tell me exactly why like this one video I made a while ago is better than these thumbnails. And it basically just gives me the truth like these thumbnails are not as good as the thumbnail that got me 200 plus,000 views. And I'm just going to use this as a sparring partner essentially to pretty much get this thumbnail good to the point where it gets thousands of views. And you can literally ask it just anything. So right here I said, "Give me some other ideas for thumbnails." Just prompts for ideas. Pepe behind a control panel. Pepe stealing from YouTube HQ. PP with a cheat code screen. Pepe injecting USB into algorithm. And then I was like, yo, I actually like this USB idea. So then I made this thumbnail right here. And then what I said was, I like this idea. Bang, bang, bang. And it said it like the idea as well. So, this is literally just how I use AI to pretty much cheat the YouTube algorithm. Have a great day. And I have one more thing to show you. So, if you want me to help you with your YouTube channel, I would highly recommend checking out Winners Club. If you want to stop making videos that tank in views and finally want to do something on YouTube, I'd highly recommend checking us out. We do weekly group calls. There's tons of wins and testimonials on my website and in the school. And like I said, there's a sale going on right now. So, if you want to check that out, check that out. and I can't wait to help you grow on YouTube. Peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tankers4Change [11 likes]: Another Chat GPT Tip: There is a voice to text feature. USE IT. 

If you are a person who has trouble verbalizing ideas or needs to verbalize ideas to make them more understandable, clear, or concise, use this tool. 

I do it all the time and it has massively helped for shaping how I want my scripts to be organized. You can also ask it to identify weaknesses in your hook, or add a rhetorical question in a place that fits inside your script for better engagement. 

Along with what was shared in this video , this makes video production so much easier.
  2. @LizardAppsChannel [7 likes]: This new style is crazy, you did a REALLY good job and it plays on emotions so well. Genius stuff.
  3. @JunaidAhmadHashmi [4 likes]: Algorithm is simple for shorts, Shorts video will ONLY get viral if audience retention is 100%, Valid views are more than 70% (people who watched vs Swiped away) and like/dislike ratio is more than 90%, fall below any of that and video will start freezing on views, speaking from personal experience.
  4. @Sid_this_side [2 likes]: 5:00 yes because it is his software, so he talked about it....Sure the software is good but doesnt take away the fact it is his software.

Also it is wrapper, nothing wrong with it but it is not using their own ai rather using the other ai and top of that we have uiux.And the software can spit those content out cause behind the ui the prompts already been pre-fed ✌
  5. @Psythoria [1 likes]: What a visual Bro😂
  6. @MaccabeesMartyrs [1 likes]: Based W Video
  7. @moneymaxing: 👉 vidIQ is the tool I used to grow this channel (and find viral ideas) — $1 with my link: https://vidiq.com/moneymaxing
  8. @EminAlshewani: I swear I don't give a f being a bad person anymore. Imma pretend its hard to find a job f all this I want the consumerism life and not give a damn about the herd 😮
  9. @rokrok27: how do u make these videos
  10. @Goblinbut: I work better with a 5.9 buzz
  11. @JohnStory-Teller: Every second of this was worth it—no cap.
  12. @MrRubberDuck: the thumbnail is fire bro keep up the great work
  13. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  14. @TheFNStickman: How do I throw the key if I swallowed it? 🤔
  15. @JustHowManyCats: This is good video man! To all new content creator like me, good luck!
  16. @cbsmc2227: I truly appreciate you for this gold.
  17. @MiekaTheHabitCoach: Straight gold thank you 🔥
  18. @lovepoweredup: New ai to play with, yippee... 🙈
  19. @itzzuyy: Thanks for the tool!
  20. @DesDreckett: Awesome video and tool

- This video breaks the algorithm.: Kind: captions Language: en Please turn your playback speed to 25% and turn on closed captioning if you don't do this none of this video will make sense at all. Hello, I'm dapz, and I know this video is very different from the "impossible" videos I [normally] make. But I've been wondering about this for a few months and now that I have an audience on youtube, I feel like it's finally time for me to test my hypothesis. Basically, the youtube algorithm most favors 3 metrics. Click through rate, watch time, and retention rate. Retention rate is how much of a video a person watches in percent. And I found through testing on another channel and a video by VidIQ (link in description) If your audience slows down the playback speed of your video to like let's say 25% the retention rate will be counted as [up to] 400% which is MADLY high. The purpose of this video is to test whether or not youtube has safeguards in place to prevent the abuse of this. Especially since it's not really disallowed in the community guidelines. (though it is unethical) If this experiment works and this video is recommended across youtube that kinda proves my point and I can easily propose some solutions to that problem. If it turns out that Youtube did think of this already, and they already fixed this issue so it cannot be abused, whatever. This isn't about me being proven right. Whatever the outcome of this video is, I learned something, and that's all that matters to me. Now, sure there are issues about making people watch videos at slower speeds. For one, with 25% as an example, the frame rate of the video will be MAXIMUM 15 frames per second. Also, the audio quality will take a significant hit, especially since youtube's audio slowdown thing is not really perfect. but I'm sure someone smarter and more determined than me (basically anyone) can find a way to mess with the audio to make it sound completely normal. when slowed down. So if you stayed till

  Top Comments:
  1. @dapz [21000 likes]: Follow up vid: https://youtu.be/SLYdgp2H554

This is my most viewed vid now, I think I prove my point

Edit: I’ve been told from a very credible source that this video’s retention rate is insane because of people rewatching the video

As of 3/20/2022 it is now third most viewed
  2. @LotaMotion [2 likes]: I started my channel four months ago and just hit 20 Subscribers! Motivation is high everyone keep going it’s all about being consistent :)
  3. @harshi-harschlag-mt-kola [1 likes]: I got this recommend after 4 years 😅
  4. @Gnab1e [1 likes]: 4 years later 😅
  5. @danielcooney1840 [1 likes]: Does anyone else think it would be really funny if someone printed a bunch of QR codes sticker that linked to this video and use it to cover up other QR codes? 
Do you think this video would go viral again years later?
I wouldn’t ever do that, but I was just curious if anyone else thinks it would be funny?
  6. @AndreyHoang: Thank, i slowed it to 0,1x so its gonna be 1000%.
  7. @krishnaprasadgautam9832: Why?? , I can make 2.1x video😂
  8. @arnavjain.: lmao
  9. @Onlyinohiogriddy: 6x
  10. @ant_6719: 4x
  11. @jellyfishin-water9331: 00:00 
Too soon for 2x 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @blaisy7356: Why am I hearing a alien did they escape from area 51
  13. @MHE-xp7lz: Recommended 4 years later, i think it may have worked
  14. @FLUNES: well it was on my home page, so i assume it worked
  15. @its.hopeee: Got this recommended after 4 years 😭
  16. @jacquiswartz3747: I put this on loop and ate lunch so I hope that helps.
  17. @Voidality: Funny thing i understood it tho i didn't put the speed on that
  18. @greenandbrown-blue: What's even going on
  19. @HollywoodPulse-18kanu: This is acually a 1.25 minute video
  20. @ABResearch-wi3br: Good

- The NEW Youtube Algorithm Hack Blowing Up Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a new or small channel, your videos get shown to maybe a hundred people, 20 of them watch if you're lucky, then YouTube just gives up on it. But here's the thing, channels that break out fast aren't more talented or working harder. They just understand four specific signals that YouTube needs from small channels that nobody really talks about. And once you know them, breaking out becomes almost mechanical. In this video, I'll show you the four easy steps that can get any channel out of small channel hell in as little as 30 to 60 days. And later on, I'll even share the brand new content wall strategy that can work even faster. It's definitely the nuclear option here, but it's been shown to absolutely explode new and small channels recently. If you've been wondering if YouTube's treating your channel differently, you're not imagining things. It definitely is. YouTube's algorithm makes completely different decisions for channels under a thousand subscribers. And it's not because they hate you or they don't want you to succeed. YouTube's just an algorithm. It doesn't run on vibes. It runs on data. And you just haven't given them enough of it yet. You know, think about it. When you've only uploaded 10, 20 videos, YouTube has maybe a few thousand total views worth of data about your content. Now, compare that to a channel with 500 videos and millions of views. YouTube knows exactly who watches them, what titles work, what thumbnails get clicked. For small channels, YouTube is essentially flying blind. So, it shows your video to a small test group, maybe 50 to 100 people, and if they don't immediately engage, YouTube basically just stops the test. It just doesn't have enough confidence to risk showing it to more people. This is why small channels all see that same frustrating pattern. a little spike of impressions, then flatline, then maybe another tiny spike days later. YouTube's testing your video in bursts, trying to collect data, but without enough information to know who actually wants your content. But there are four tried and trueue steps you can take to increase the data you give YouTube with each video and speed up this hell phase so you can get to the good stuff waiting for you on the other side. The biggest mistake I see small channels make is trying to copy what Mr. Beast or other huge channels are doing with their titles. They'll use these vague curiosity based titles like you won't believe what happened or this changed everything. And then they're shocked when YouTube shows it to 50 people and then completely gives up. Here's the thing. Those titles only work when YouTube already has a ton of data about who watches your content. When you're small, YouTube has no clue who would want that video. But there's actually a much better way for small channels to get discovered, and most creators completely discount it. Search. You've probably heard this one before, but YouTube is the second biggest search engine in the world. It still is. And if you're using YouTube to help clients find you, search is the most highly targeted way to make that happen. People typing specific questions into YouTube are literally raising their hand saying, "I need help with this exact problem." So, instead of guessing what might go viral, you need to find out what people in your niche are actually searching for. And the easiest way to do that is just go to YouTube's search bar and start typing in topics related to your business. YouTube's going to autocomplete it with real searches that people are making, and it's usually in the order of how many people are searching for it. And the more words that show up in that suggestion, the better. We call these longtail keywords and you're going to have way less competition for those. Now, for service businesses, the best starting point is simple FAQs that your ideal clients would search for when they know they have a problem. You know, things like how to get consulting clients without cold calling or how to make a small room look bigger or when to overseed your lawn and fall. Whatever applies to your specific expertise. And you know, admittedly, these aren't sexy titles, but they're exactly what your future clients are typing in when they need help. Once you find these searches, you need to put the exact phrase in your title. Not a clever variation, not a shortened version, the exact phrase that people are searching for. Then include it in your description, too. As close to the beginning as possible. This gives YouTube crystal clear signals on what your video is about, which is crucial when the algorithm doesn't really have other data to work with. And look, I know searchbased titles aren't as exciting as trying to go viral. But when you're in small channel hell, search is your lifeline. It's how you get those first consistent views that tell YouTube which people actually want your content. And by the way, this Monday starts my twice a year special enrollment week of YouTube to clients academy where you can learn my exact system for starting a client generating YouTube channel plus weekly small groupoup coaching with me. So click the link in the description to learn more about that. Now back to the video. When someone sees your video with 47 views sitting next to one with 47,000 views, their brain makes an instant decision and it's not in your favor. It's not fair, but it's human psychology. Your thumbnail is the only weapon you have against this bias. It has to be so compelling that it overrides their natural instinct to click on the safer choice with more views. But here's the key. It's not just about looking good. Your thumbnail needs to instantly communicate that this video has the specific answer they're searching for. It needs to sell the intrigue and promise that this is more targeted, more helpful than those generic videos with thousands of views. And I recently analyzed over a thousand outlier videos. You know, videos that massively outperform their channel's average. And here's what actually works. First, you want a maximum of three elements in your thumbnail. Now, I know you want to cram in more probably, but the human brain literally can't process more than that in the split second of someone scrolling. And the most successful thumbnails I saw had either a face text in one object or just two of those elements done really well. And color is also huge. Don't go with drab or muddy colors. You really do want to lean into brighter, bolder colors. They just force people to stop scrolling. I know on my channel whenever I do a thumbnail like this, it definitely outperforms the thumbnails like this. And I think it's mostly because of the color. And showing your face usually works better than not, too. But not just any smiling head shot. You want to show what we call anticipatory emotions. Now, based on the data, excited faces showed up in 25% of successful thumbnails. Shocked faces in about 18%. Why? Well, because these emotions make people curious about what caused that reaction. And again, I can tell you in my own thumbnails, if I'm just smiling, I always get fewer views than if I look somewhat shocked or surprised. But here's the test that matters most. I want you to squint at your thumbnail until it's blurry. Can you still tell what it's about? Because 70% of YouTube watching happens on mobile devices and your thumbnail is going to be tiny. So, if it doesn't work when it's small and blurry, it doesn't work. Period. Now, for small channels specifically, certain thumbnail types consistently outperform. The counterintuitive advice thumbnail works great. It can be a very natural looking image taken straight from the video itself if you want with a quote that's super intriguing because of how different it is from normal advice out there. And then transformation thumbnails that show a clear before and after tap into our curiosity about the process. And mystery thumbnails where you blur out a key element or use arrows pointing at something that we can't quite see create that information gap that people need to fill. And here's something that most small channels aren't taking advantage of. YouTube actually has built-in AB testing for thumbnails. Now, I personally test at least three versions of every thumbnail, and I actually like to make three completely different ones, but you can also test smaller things like, you know, facial expressions or the wording. But if you're not testing it all, you're leaving views on the table. What happens when a small channel posts a video about social media marketing that gets 500 views, then they post one about email automation that gets 50 views, then one about mindset that gets 100red views. They don't grow and they wonder why, right? They think they're providing value across all these different areas, but what they're actually doing is confusing the hell out of YouTube's algorithm. Remember what we talked about earlier? YouTube doesn't have enough data about your small channel to know who to show your videos to. So, when you jump between random topics, even if you can justify that they're related somehow, you're basically resetting that learning process for YouTube. Every single time they're trying to figure out if you're a marketing channel, a productivity channel, or a business channel, and eventually it just gives up trying to categorize you at all. The thing is, YouTube's algorithm is desperate to put you in a box. It wants to know exactly what your channel's about so it can recommend your videos to the right people. And when you're small, you need to make that as easy as possible for the algorithm. Now, to do that, you need to be crystal clear about who your ideal viewer is. Not small business owners. That's too broad. I'm talking about, you know, coaches who want to get clients from LinkedIn or interior designers struggling to get high-value clients or lawn care businesses trying to get commercial contracts. The more specific you can be about who you're talking to and what problem you're solving for them, the faster YouTube's going to understand your channel. Every single video you make needs to be something that that same person would be interested in. So, if they wouldn't watch all of your videos because some don't apply to them, then you're probably too scattered. And here's what everyone forgets about the algorithm. When you stay consistent and one of your videos finally hits, it creates a ripple effect, right? People who discover you through that one breakout video will go back and watch your other videos, but only if those videos are also relevant to them. If they find you through a video about retirement planning, then they click on your channel, and then they see videos about cryptocurrency and maybe a political rant, they're gone. And YouTube learns that your videos aren't related, so it kind of stops recommending them altogether. And I know this feels limiting, especially in the beginning. You know, you probably have knowledge about lots of different things that you want to share. But remember, the tighter your focus when you're small, the faster you're going to grow. Then once you have momentum, once YouTube knows exactly who your audience is, then you can start to slowly expand your scope. But most successful channels never need to. They find their lane and they own it completely. Now, I will be getting to the brand new nuclear option that can pretty much reset your channel for success in just a minute. But first, here's the uncomfortable truth about why you're stuck in small channel hell to begin with. You probably haven't posted enough. Now, I know you're already overwhelmed. You're already spending hours on each video probably. And now I'm telling you to make more. But hear me out because this might be the most important thing you hear all day. Most small channels post maybe once a week, sometimes once every two weeks, right? They spend days perfecting each video thinking quality over quantity is the answer. The brutal reality though is that YouTube needs data points to understand your channel. And every video you upload is a data point. The more data you give it, the faster it learns who watches your content, how long they stay, what makes them click, and what makes them subscribe. And the better YouTube understands your channel, the more views each individual video is going to get. So making more videos doesn't just give you more chances to be discovered, it actually makes each video perform better. There's this concept from one of my favorite business books called 10x is easier than 2x. And the idea is that sometimes massive growth comes not from doing a little bit more of everything, but from focusing intensely on one high lever activity and letting all the other stuff fall away. You know what? If for the next 6 months, YouTube became your number one marketing priority. What if instead of spreading yourself across social media networking events and cold outreach, you just went allin on YouTube and committed to not one video per week, but two. Think about what happens when you commit to more videos. First, you get more practice. You know, everyone's awkward in their first videos. I was super stiff in mine. The only way I got comfortable talking to a camera was by doing it over and over again. By video 50, you'll be so much more natural than you were at video 5. And then by video 100, you're going to be unrecognizable from where you started. Second, you're giving your audience more chances to find you. You know, every video is a new opportunity for someone to discover your channel. And when you have more videos, that one breakout video can change everything. When someone finds you through that one video that resonates perfectly with them, they'll often binge your entire back catalog, but only if there's a catalog to binge. But here's the real magic of posting more frequently. Compound improvement. So, if you just focus on making each video 1% better than the last one, after 100 videos, you're 100% better than when you started. And that's not woo woo motivational speaking. That's just math. Maybe this video you work on making better hooks. Next video you improve your thumbnail. The one after that you work on a more natural engaging delivery. These tiny improvements are going to compound into massive growth. And here's what YouTube learns with all this data. Who exactly watches your content and for how long? Which titles attract your ideal viewer versus random people? What thumbnail styles work for your specific audience? What topics bring people back for more videos? and what makes someone go from a viewer to a subscriber. Each video is going to add to this knowledge base and YouTube starts to get more confident about who to show your videos to. And remember, this isn't forever. This is a focused sprint to break you out of your small channel hell you're in right now. Once you've got momentum, once you're getting consistent views, you can dial it back if you need to. But for right now, you do need to give YouTube enough data to understand your channel. The only way to do that is with volume. Now, if that posting schedule seems too intense, I've got something else you can try that can work faster with fewer videos. And I learned this strategy from fellow YouTuber Nate Black, and he calls it the content wall. He's been working with a lot of channels implementing this exact strategy, and the results he's seeing are pretty crazy. Here's how it works. First, you need to pause all your uploads for at least a month. Now, I know that sounds counterintuitive when I just told you to post more, but this reset period is kind of critical to the plan. It clears YouTube's recent memory of your channel, and it gives you kind of a clean slate. And during that month of silence, you're not relaxing, you're preparing. Specifically, you're creating the best three videos you've ever made, all laser focused on your specific audience. Now, these videos need to be ultraargeted to one specific problem that your audience has. So, if you're a therapist, maybe all three videos are about dealing with anxiety naturally. Different techniques, different approaches, but all solving that same core problem. When you drop these videos all at once, something cool happens. YouTube sees this burst of content and starts testing all three videos at once. But here's the magic. When someone watches one of your videos, YouTube's immediately going to recommend the other two. It's kind of like forced cross-pollination between your own videos. Now, this works because of YouTube's recency bias. The algorithm loves recommending your most recent uploads, especially in end screens and suggested videos. So, when you have three recent videos instead of just one, you triple your chances of keeping someone on your channel. And the more videos they watch in one session, the stronger the signal to YouTube that your content is valuable. And check out this real data from channels that have done this. You know, this channel went from a few hundred views to one video getting over 3,000 within weeks of implementing this strategy. Then you can see here the views are still racking up consistently. But here's what's critical for this to work. These three content wall videos need to be representative of what you're going to keep making. So don't drop three tutorials if you're planning on making list style videos going forward. The wall should be a perfect sample of your channel's future. You're essentially showing YouTube, this is exactly what my channel is about now in one concentrated burst. And then after you drop the wall, you have to immediately resume a consistent posting schedule. At minimum, one video per week. Some creators boost this even more by posting daily shorts for 2 to 4 weeks after the wall. This is going to maintain your momentum and keep feeding YouTube data while you're hot. And if you're really serious about going allin on YouTube for automated client generation, I've got some great news for you. So, next week I'm running my twice a year special enrollment week for the newly updated YouTube to clients academy. This is the all-in-one system that makes it super easy to start your client generating YouTube channel without any expensive equipment, going full-time into YouTube, or having to go viral ever. And this is not just a course. It's 6 months of small groupoup coaching with me, so you get direct feedback and advice whenever you need it. Now, if you want to check out what the program is all about now, click right here. And the discount drops this Monday, October 6th, and it ends Friday, October 10th. So, hope to see you on the inside next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WesMcDowellInc [9 likes]: 🎉  Next week only, you can enroll in my signature program YouTube to Clients Academy Experience and save $200! To learn more, just go to: https://wesmcdowell.com/ytca-special-enrollment-coming-soon
  2. @thomask6846 [1 likes]: [13:40]: "If you become 1% better each video, after 100 videos you got 100% better. That's just math." Yeah, not exactly math. Math tells us: 1% better each time gives you 170% improvement after 100 videos. ;-)
  3. @AnytimeAdventuresAA [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips, just got my 11th subscription!
  4. @catstoriesandmore [1 likes]: I would argue that it does not work for all types of channels. I have a tech channel that is not growing whatever techniques I apply. And I've seen this on far better channels than mine. So your advice might work for trending niches, indeed.
  5. @re-member: Thank You ❤
  6. @Financiallyfreeauthor: I tried to test thumbnails with YouTube system, but I don’t get enough views for them to actually come up with a winner. So it doesn’t work for small channels unless you’re getting some number of views that it can determine a winner from.
  7. @MTBJaySwitzerland: Two years in now, but I only started to pay attention to my thumbnails and title since last spring. I’ll have to redo all my thumbnails, titles, descriptions tags etc for the first year. I also ruined my previous momentum with a Shorts posting spree last Summer that diverted my Channel from my target audience. I think I did almost everything you can do wrong excepted a change of content. At least I could keep that in line😂. Now my plan is to reset and take advantage of the break to cure my old videos and produce two series. I hope it will be enough to get back on track🤘
  8. @ChefLeilaniEats: Does the search based title work for both long form and shorts?
  9. @chaptersongproject: Thanks for the tips 🙏🙏🙏
  10. @DesignerUp: I'm at over 80k subs and I seemed to have completely stalled. Any advice?
  11. @CalmEmotionsMusic: Fantastic content Wes! If you enjoy relaxed atmospheric vibes, I’d love for you to check out my ambient guitar music on @RobAmbience 🌙
  12. @SpaceColonizationsCritters: Thank you
  13. @tech-no-logictech9743: Would you recommend starting 2nd and 3rd channels for those other topics?
  14. @AlentejoOutdoors4509: This doesn't work as suggest 😢
  15. @SyedaSamanGulzar: I don't understand that part of 'content wall' strategy. Why do I have to stop posting for an entire  month? Can we do content wall method on regular basis, like each month to keep boosting our channel?
Would you please answer these two questions?
  16. @mixwellkitchen: Well my channel is a cooking channel so I know exactly who my audience is.  I plan on doing 1 video a week but perhaps I should try to batch out more to get more data points.  I have been trying to make the perfect videos and maybe overthinking it.

Instead of more in depth recipes perhaps I should make faster, easier meals that I can shoot relatively quickly. Been enjoying it thus far.  I have a personal account with random stuff and 550 subs but its scattered with random topics.
  17. @TheFaithfulSketches: I did what you advise. Unlisted all my videos in order to let youtube 'reset' the algorithm for my channel and immediately lose all 1,300 watch hours! 😭😭😭
  18. @Muhammadibraheem.745: really liked how you explained everything 🙌
  19. @zenzarah: I’m still a small creator finding my voice in the self-help space — some days it’s frustrating to see so few views. Have been using AI for most content but starting to make my own videos.
  20. @LifewithArkie: I need 100 channels 😭 to cover all my interests

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: es-MX ¡No puedes vencer al algoritmo! Pero puedes engañarlo para que tu canal crezca. Recuerdo cuando empecé en YouTube, puse mucho esfuerzo en mi canal, pero estaba estancado. Me preguntaba, ¿cómo es que algunos canales son elegidos por el algoritmo mientras otros no? Me negué a creer que era solo suerte. Así que investigué y noté trucos que los creadores hacían antes de que sus canales despegaran, ¡pero yo lo pasé por alto! En este video, descubriremos cuatro trucos simples para acelerar el crecimiento de tu canal. Pueden hacer que el algoritmo impulse tu contenido. Y no, no te voy a decir que vayas a robar las ideas o estrategias de video de alguien más. ¡Eso puede ayudar! si se hace bien. Pero no, hablo de estrategias que impactan directamente en cómo el algoritmo maneja tu canal. Lo primero que quieres hacer es darle señales al algoritmo sobre de qué trata tu canal. Parece simple, pero te sorprendería cuántos creadores fallan en hacer esto bien. ¡Y sí! Hay una manera correcta. Imagina esto, comienzas un canal y lanzas tu primer video. Te sientas emocionado, esperando las vistas, y luego ¡no llegan! ¿Por qué? Bueno Eres nuevo aquí. El algoritmo no sabe de qué hablas, a quién presentar tu video, o de qué trata tu canal. Así que hay un 50% de probabilidad de que publiques un segundo video y un 50% de que no lo hagas. Vamos con la posibilidad de que sí publiques otro. Nuevamente, te sientas esperando vistas. Algunas más llegan, pero no lo que esperabas. Probablemente estás devastado, decepcionado. ¡Las posibilidades de un tercer video acaban de disminuir más! Y siguen disminuyendo con cada intento frustrante. Es tan común ahora que en realidad tiene su propio nombre. ¡El primer valle mortal! O donde muchos sueños de creadores van a morir. Entonces, ¿cómo evitar fallar antes de comenzar? Bueno, realmente puedes superar esto. Y es un truco que uno de los YouTubers más grandes recomienda a todos sus clientes. ¡Va algo así! Cuando lanzamos un canal, lo hacemos con cinco videos. Esa es una regla para nosotros. Así la gente emprende un viaje de visualización en esa primera semana. Así le dice a YouTube: "¡Wow, este es un gran canal!" Eso hará que la gente vea y se involucre. Así que inmediatamente, estás arrancando el canal de 0 a 100 en lugar de 0 a como 10%, 15%. Luego tal vez llegue a ese próximo video. ¡Ese es Matpat! Quizás lo conozcas, el cerebro detrás de los teóricos del juego y consultor que ayuda a crecer a canales pequeños. Bueno, él sabe de lo que habla. Y lo que explica aquí es uno de los mayores errores de los nuevos creadores. Lanzar con un video, o peor aún, un canal vacío. ¿Su solución? Lanzar con cinco videos. ¡Eso tiene al menos dos ventajas! con el algoritmo. Primero, subir cinco videos a la vez muestra a tu audiencia que te tomas en serio tu canal. Demuestra que tienes una propuesta de valor clara y variedad de contenido. Esto ayuda a generar confianza y anima a los espectadores a suscribirse, porque pueden ver que estás comprometido. Segundo, y aquí es donde entra el algoritmo, cuando tienes múltiples videos, los espectadores son más propensos a ver en maratón tu contenido. Ahora puedes guiarlos de un video a otro, lo cual no podrías hacer si solo hubieras lanzado con uno. Solo con hacer eso, has aumentado tu tiempo de visualización, lo cual le dice al algoritmo, oye, este canal es atractivo y mantiene a la gente viendo. Lo cual a YouTube le encanta escuchar y quiere más de eso. Pero esta estrategia de lanzamiento no importará sin dominar el siguiente truco. Planear cinco videos es solo el comienzo, porque debes asegurar que tu tema tenga potencial. El tema puede significar la diferencia entre 100,000 vistas y 100. La buena noticia es que hay una manera de asegurarte de que elegiste un buen tema. Hay herramientas que te ayudan a encontrar un gran tema con alto conteo de vistas para tu canal de YouTube. ¡Y lo mejor es que son totalmente gratis! ¿Cómo encuentras estos temas? ¡Fácil! Comencemos con una herramienta conocida. Google Trends. Google Trends es genial para obtener una idea general de lo que es popular en el momento. Puedes ver lo que la gente busca e identificar tendencias amplias. Por ejemplo, si buscas crimen real, podrías notar que es un tema consistentemente popular con picos de interés. Esto da una idea de que el contenido de crimen real está en demanda. Sin embargo, para realmente afinar en los detalles y maximizar el potencial de tu video, necesitas algo más poderoso. ¡Ahí es donde entra VidiIQ! Vamos a la herramienta y veamos cómo funciona. El inspector de palabras clave te da una puntuación de Vidiq, combinando búsqueda y competencia para indicar éxito potencial. Digamos Crimen Real. Crimen Real tiene alto volumen de búsqueda pero también alta competencia, así que profundicemos más. Refina tu búsqueda. Busca palabras clave con mejor potencial, por ejemplo Documentales de crimen real. Revisa las puntuaciones de VIDIQ. Podrías encontrar que Historias de crimen real tiene competencia moderada pero buen volumen. ¡Explora nuevas oportunidades! Usa palabras clave para investigar nichos específicos. Podrías encontrar Misterios de crimen real sin resolver, con alta puntuación de Vid IQ, indicando una tendencia con menos competencia. Así no solo identificas una tendencia popular, sino que también encuentras un ángulo específico que te da mejor oportunidad de éxito. Esto te ahorra tiempo y asegura que tu contenido será visto por una audiencia más grande. Y lo mejor, transformas tus conjeturas en una estrategia basada en datos. Y mira la prueba. Escribe Historias de crimen real sin resolver en YouTube y revisa las vistas. Están en millones, indicando que este es un tema ¡en el que la gente hace clic! Pero lograr que la gente haga clic es solo el inicio. La parte difícil es mantenerlos viendo hasta el final. Es una fórmula bastante sencilla. Cuanto más tiempo mantengas su atención, mayor será el tiempo de visualización. Esto incita al algoritmo de YouTube a exponer tu canal a más audiencia. Y por eso necesitas usar este truco simple mucho más de lo que piensas para explotar tu retención. Si alguna vez te has topado con uno de los videos de Dodford, encontrarás que es un genio de la narración. Su narración es fluida, es cautivadora, y te mantiene hasta el final. Investigué más a fondo lo que está haciendo y encontré un hilo de Twitter suyo donde revela un truco secreto de escritura de guiones. Se llama la estructura de tres actos y lo menciona una y otra vez. ¿Cómo puedes usar esto para aumentar tu tiempo de visualización? Sigue ese marco. No solo una vez, sino con cada nuevo segmento. Considera agregar un gancho que despierte curiosidad, una historia o ejemplo para transmitir tu punto y da la lección al final. Y lo más importante es seguir haciendo esto una y otra vez a lo largo de todo el guion para seguir captando interés justo antes de que el espectador lo pierda. Por ejemplo, digamos que estás creando un video sobre la mejor manera de cocinar un bistec. ¿Te has preguntado por qué tu bistec no sabe como en los restaurantes? Luego enfrenta el problema. ¡La mayoría comete estos errores comunes! Usa descripciones vívidas e historias personales y finalmente, ¡resuélvelo! ¡Este es el método infalible de los mejores chefs! Usando esta estructura, no solo mantienes a los espectadores comprometidos, sino que haces tu contenido más memorable e impactante. Ahora, llamo a este truco la manera perezosa de hacer crecer tu canal de YouTube rápido. Me encanta porque básicamente dejas que el algoritmo haga el trabajo por ti. ¿Recuerdas cuando cubrimos cómo el algoritmo busca mostrar el mejor contenido que satisface a la audiencia? cuando subes un video que explota o tiene éxito, ¡eso indica que eso es lo que tus espectadores y suscriptores quieren ver. Así que todo lo que tienes que hacer es anotarlo ¡y machacarlo! Lo que hacen los creadores profesionales, y tú también deberías, es algo que Jenny Hoyos llama crear cubetas. Una vez que encuentras un formato que funciona, ¡recréalo una y otra vez! Y eso asegurará que funcione cada vez. Así, explotando tu canal. Mr. Whose the Boss lo hace con su serie de tecnología "Compré el más..." y Ryan Trahan con "Probé una estrella". ¡Incluso Mr. Beast lo hace! ¡Wow! ¡Mira los millones de vistas! ¡Tú también puedes hacer esto fácilmente! Una vez que identifiques un estilo de video o formato que funcione para ti y lo saques del parque. ¡Solo sigue haciéndolo! Sigue produciendo videos dentro de esa cubeta. Pero tienes que tener cuidado. Porque demasiado de algo bueno puede ser malo. Aquí está el pensamiento de Mr. Beast sobre eso. Cada año hemos tenido formatos que funcionan muy bien. Si hubiera seguido haciendo los formatos que arrasaban en 2020. No estaría donde estoy ahora. Eventualmente se desvanecerían. Soy un gran creyente en terminar con un formato mientras no es demasiado viejo. Tengo tantas ideas virales geniales, como que quiero llevar a la vida. Hay como tantos videos que quiero filmar y como tantas ideas diferentes que nadie más está haciendo que quiero llevar a la mesa que es como no quiero hacer 15 de esos, porque como esos otros ocho que haría, podría haber hecho algo más original y creativo. Así que sí, exprime ese formato ganador, pero no te vuelvas demasiado dependiente. Sigue experimentando para tocar consistentemente los intereses de tus espectadores, mientras exploras otros conceptos que podrían desbloquear nueva audiencia. Hablando de nuevas audiencias. ¿Sabías que hay una manera de ganar 1000 suscriptores rápido? ¿No? --- ¿En serio? ¡Pues sí la hay! Mira este video para ver de qué estoy hablando.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- ​The NEW YouTube Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, something weird is happening on YouTube right now, and most creators haven't even noticed yet, which gives you a distinct advantage. Fitness channels are using the visual language of finance creators, and a channel about Minecraft just blew up by using the same format of a video about an NFL player. It is the new strategy quietly dominating YouTube right now. And it's called niche bending. The term was coined by creator Tim Danilov, [music] and it's how he took a faceless YouTube channel from zero to $56,000 a month in just 30 days. And then he did it again, taking another channel from zero to 150 million views. And then again, zero to $23,000 in less than 90 days. So, if you're still trying to find a niche in 2026, quite frankly, you're doing it all wrong. You need to start bending one into a position so it does all of the work for you. To understand how Tim did this time and time again, you almost have to unlearn what you think a niche is. Most people think a niche is just a topic [music] like, I have a gardening channel. But Tim doesn't operate with that type of thinking. >> I think it's the easiest way to [music] come up with a niche, because like, essentially your niche is the combination of the format [music] and the market. >> You see, your niche isn't just a topic you talk about. To be more specific, it's the combination of the market you're serving and the format you're using. First, you have the market, and these are massive categories from finance to fitness, gaming to DIY, and so on. And these rarely ever change. You can't really invent a new market, but then you have the format. This is the container for your content. How do you deliver the information? Is it a tier list, a 100-day challenge, a video essay? >> There are thousands of new formats every single day on YouTube. Like, that's the the most creative part. And what the niche bending is is you create a new niche by applying the viral format to the market where it was never used before. And this is already happening everywhere on YouTube. Let me show you. Here's a video from NFL Stories, a small but very successful channel about gridiron. I can't say football, it isn't football. But anyway, that's the market. His video, "This video will change the way you see Patrick Mahomes forever" is the format. And it's a video that's performed well for the channel to the tune of 75,000 views, about three and a half times more views than typical for the channel. Now, look at this Minecraft channel made by Rafa. Four days later, they posted "This video will change how you play Minecraft forever." It's the same exact title structure and the same promise, but it's for an entirely different audience. In other words, different markets, same format. And then, My Matrix did the same thing in the spirituality niche. And it's a 100 times outlier for his channel. That is what you call a viral moment. And this is one format in three completely different markets all finding outlier success. That's is the power of niche bending. Now then, for a quick hack to niche bend any video on YouTube, you can use this cool little vidIQ remix tool. What it will do is remix a title of the current video to fit your niche. In this example, the channel we're niche bending into is about weight loss and fitness workouts. And so, the remix titles from the NFL video reflect that. This handy tool is at your fingertips wherever you are on YouTube because it'll also appear on home pages and channel pages as well. There's a link in the description. If you want to witness an absolute masterclass of this strategy, let me introduce you to TierZoo. At first glance, this looks like a gaming channel. The thumbnails have STR rankings, health bars, and knockout screens. But in reality, it's an animal biology channel. So, let's run it through our equation. The market: zoology, education, nature documentaries. Usually this market is traditional, very considered, arguably quite slow and boring by today's standards. Think David Attenborough. It's a calm narration. A giant black void, larger than all the rest of the world's habitats combined. But to formats, it's competitive gaming. It's patch notes, tier lists. And it's not just the packaging this time. Tier Zoo took the very serious concept of evolution and bent it into gaming language. As a result of this format, the creator doesn't describe things in a matter-of-fact way, such as humans adapting to the environmental conditions. Instead, he says, >> This was the first step towards refining the cooperative loot sharing play style that have made humans so dominant in the current meta. Now, you might be surprised to learn that the devs have nerfed humans in the past. The tree-dwelling strategy was seen as a cheap way to avoid dealing with other players, and so the devs decided to reduce the number and size of trees in the Africa server. >> And when comparing one environment to another, such as the Amazon rainforest and the African plains, >> I know I drone on a lot about how OP African builds are, but the Amazon rainforest is home to some of the most fearsome predators in the game. And as for extinction-level events, well, it's just a patch update to him. So, why is it that of all the sloth builds, only the tree sloths survived the Anthropocene update? Well, it turns out that it's for the same reason that their low tier. Most ice age top tiers were wiped out by the invasion of humans, and giant ground [music] sloths were no exception. Despite being able to easily one-shot humans with their claws swipes, giant sloths had no defense against projectiles. So, why does this work so well? Well, it's because it unlocks a new audience. If you make a normal nature documentary, you're competing against the likes of National Geographic, and I'd say that's a pretty tough fight. And a certain audience will watch that content because we all know what to expect from it. But, by bending the format, Tier Zoo is speaking to an entirely new audience who might never watch a traditional nature documentary. And by speaking the audience's language and entertaining them the way they expect to be entertained, he's tricked them into learning something. In essence, what Tier Zoo has done is take a saturated market, that being nature documentaries, and made it feel brand new by bending into a format container from an entirely different market, that being video games. So, how do you make this work for you? How do you actually find these niche bending combinations without guessing? Well, that brings us to the mapping method, and it works like a grid. First, you pick a format that's been working for years. Let's take the example of every blank explained in X minutes as a format. Now, map this across all of the major markets. For gaming, it's taken. As for lifestyle, already taken. And in true crime, yep, gobbled up there as well. But then, you look at gardening or sales or interior design, and you see an empty square. And when you do see an empty square on that map, this isn't due to a lack of interest, it's an opportunity. It is blue ocean. The format is proven and the market exists, but nobody has yet combined them together. And this is where you can plant your flag. For example, take this outlier video from Fin's Play. They made a silly meme video, POV, you're an NPC in Vice City. But that silly video got them 2.7 million views on a channel with just 3 and 1/2 thousand subscribers. Now, watch what happens when other creators from different markets see that format and realize it's an empty square on their map. This channel took the same POV, you're an NPC format, and bent it into Minecraft. Their video, The Life of a Minecraft Wolf, got 1.7 million views. Following on from that, this channel bent it towards a superhero video game content, playing Spider-Man from an NPC's perspective, and they turned it into a long-form video. It's now got over a quarter of a million views, the highest-performing video on their channel so far. This is the same format, just brought to different markets with massive results. And every single one of those was an empty square on the map until someone filled it. Now, I appreciate that these specific examples might not bend into your particular niche, or maybe everyone watching this video right now is scrambling to capitalize on the formats we've already shown you. So, let me demonstrate how you can find these videos yourself, because finding novel formats that will blow up your channel is a lot easier than what it sounds. [music] So, you already know about the remix tool from our browser extension that I showed you earlier, but this time I want you to go to vidiq.com and start a brand-new conversation with our AI coach. I want you to think of this coach as your YouTube researcher. vidIQ's data scrapes YouTube and is refreshed every single day. And to be quite honest, other AI chatbots simply don't have the capabilities that ours does. So, next, type this sentence into the chat box, "Find me recent viral videos about your niche from small channels that are getting unusually high views." In this instance, we're going to go with a Las Vegas casinos because we can't cheat the casinos, but we can cheat YouTube. Oh, and by the way, you can also ask our AI coach to look at this for just long-form videos or shorts. Now, typically, it does take a minute or so for the AI coach to get back to you, and that's because it's being very diligent trawling through thousands, if not millions, of videos to find what you're looking for. And a minute is a lot quicker than scrolling through endless YouTube videos for days and weeks, isn't it? Now, in this example, it surfaced five Vegas casinos that will close next. Which casino dies first? It is an insane outlier for this channel with nearly a million long-form views on a 20-minute video. Now, that title represents a format that we can bend. We could apply this to retail stores, fast-food chains, cryptocurrency, game studios, sports franchises that are relocating, which let me tell you would never happen in real football, except for that one occasion. We can bend all of these in any way that fits our needs for our channel. However, um this might be the most important part of the entire video. You do need to be careful. There is one rule in these bending that matters more than anything else. Do not bend a format you cannot deliver the expertise in. So, if you are a dentist, use the gaming tier list to rank toothpaste. That works because you're an expert dentist, but don't try to use a finance format if you don't understand money. Anyone can copy a format, but very few can fill the formats with high-value knowledge. The creators winning in 2026 aren't the ones finding magical new niches. They are the ones looking for what already works and asking themselves, "How does this look in my world?" And if you enjoyed the taste of the VidIQ tools I showed you in this video, why not come and have a look at the whole buffet? Dozens more tools to help you grow your channel are just a click away. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [50 likes]: Download vidIQ and start growing your channel 👉 www.vidiq.com/extension
  2. @ALIENGTP [1 likes]: Click bait
  3. @VeronicaMonet [1 likes]: That male lion's look of grief when he realizes the lion he was trying to save from the hyenas is already dead. 😢
  4. @WiscoKnight0806 [1 likes]: Gridiron is what the field is called. Im just gonna go watch the original dudes videos. You take for fuckin ever to get to the point.
  5. @BlaQFireNation: it seems like youre mainly focusing on the title
  6. @Jamey_LeVier: How do you find a unique niche? You neek up on it.
  7. @MyCraft_01: Where's the Avatar the last niche bender, who can bend all 4 niche elements, and is destined to save YouTube by defeating the niche lord ozai!
 how's my storytelling? lol
  8. @rubix5531: Some kid pretending his some genius… it’s just rich parents and paying for reach
  9. @rebekahmatznick_rd: Wouldn’t you search for other niches instead of asking the bot to find viral videos in your niche? Since you just talked about niche bending, why would I ask the bot to find viral videos in my niche?
  10. @MYCOFARMER: You lost me.
  11. @lionsground: It's the worst tip ever by vidiq knowing that YouTube's algorithms now focus on very  contrary things claimed in this video.
  12. @KeeshFinance: fascinating, thank you!
  13. @Menopauseatpeace: Thank you for the amazing content that you share.
  14. @TenseIntense: The good ol' strategy of f***ing up each others content. Classic YouTube.
  15. @tri-star.pickin: We are click junkies      folded  over these screens.
  16. @divyas1114: 1:20  Meaning 
4:00  Examples 
6:25  How to do
  17. @Rankooooooo: Well explained sir 🙌
  18. @spncrmode: Straight to the point and actually keeps you hooked till the end
  19. @PawBurst_247: Is there any creator here trying to get to 1k subs before April runs out?🤚
  20. @Traveling_For_Events: So hes copying me. Ive been doing this 3 years now

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @snipitclipx: Hoping to go viral too
  3. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  4. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  6. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  7. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  8. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  9. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  10. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  11. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  12. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  13. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  14. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  15. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  16. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  17. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  18. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  19. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  20. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much

- 😂🔥 Melania Trump Movie FLOPS Hard — Viral Reactions Say It “Crashed & Burned” | Takedown Goes Wild: Kind: captions Language: en Is it safe? It >> is safe. >> Everyone wants to know. So, here it is. >> Go to Rotten Tomatoes. I'd rather rewatch January 6th. >> [music] >> What's up, YouTube? Joe Sartin here. And yes, uh, Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. It also turns out Elon is, too. After outing Trump, he's also in it, too. Last year, Elon Musk said Jeffrey Epstein tried to get him to go to his island, but he refused. New emails show Elon Musk actively asking Epstein what day/n night will be the wildest party on the island. And the next year Musk asked again if there was a good time to visit. We'll talk about that in a minute. But look, I got stuff to do. I got other stuff that takes research and time and editing. I don't feel it today. I just don't. I just don't. So, I decided to come out here with something that I don't have to really work hard at, and that's laughing at Melania. [laughter] Jesus Christ. Look, Reese Waters said it best. I literally I mean, he did the work. I just watched his show and laughed my ass off. Here's a a few good moments. That's crazy. They saying all that in the review. That's not what they put on the trailer. Here we go again. >> You can come and proudest legacy will be that of peacemaker. >> Peacemaker and the fire. Hi, Mr. President. Congratulations. >> Did you watch it? >> I did not. Yeah, I will see it on the news. The London debut of Melania reportedly sold just one ticket for the 300 p.m. screening and two for the 600 p.m. Meanwhile, across 28 scheduled showings in Blackburn, Castleford, and Hamilton, every seat remained unsold. Who knew Melania was this unpopular? I had no idea. Historical critics don't really like Melania Trump either. I mean, just take a look. Historians, first lady rankings, the bottom three, dead last, Melania Trump. When you're next to Jane Pierce and Margaret Taylor, uh, those are not particularly good. Although, we were able to get a colored photo of Melania Trump. >> And if you thought that was bad from Variety, Melania, why would Amazon spend $75 million on a movie this boring? The film's box office prospects seem abysmal. It's tracking very low and anecdotally it became apparent that all of the 20 or so people in my screening room were 2011 journalists reporting on the movie. Why would civilians care? After all, for much of its running time, Melania is primarily a film about a woman walking into and out of rooms. So, what I don't get is number one, this isn't just the blue states. You see, all of the people who who who live in the red states and and say they love Melania, who who want to be best, they didn't watch it either. They didn't show up. But, you know, that's blue country. That that's blue country up there in Massachusetts. Ain't like it was it was Tennessee or nothing like that. Opening night in dark red, Tennessee. Well, that's a lot of options. I got I got to go see movies in Tennessee more often. That's that's a that's a that's a nice selection they got there of seats. Reports of sparse crowds like one London screening with a single ticket sold contrast fan raves of historic artwork as box office projections hover at 5 to8 million domestically from 1,800 US theaters. It got no money. As a matter of fact, all around the world, it's only made a million dollars after spending a hundred million dollar to buy and promote it. Now, you you're saying to me, Dart, that's not true. There's no way that they lost $9 million on this. There's too many people who love this woman. She's the dagone first lady. Well, we got pictures, video. [music] >> Hey. Here's the thing. [laughter] Here's the thing. Come on. Here's the thing. She's dumb. She's an idiot. Yes. But there's a lot of idiots that make money that people want to see. They're entertaining. She's boring. But she Well, she was a prostitute. That's not boring. >> Watching Milana's journey from Slovenian. Okay. All right. All right. >> Look, I didn't say it. I am just quoting what that post said. That's all [laughter] That's all I'm doing. For context, this is how many golden shoes Donald Trump sold. [laughter] Yeah. Uh-huh. They sold out immediately. They sold out immediately and and and kept on selling for a while. It slowed. Melania went into the cinema game and has yet to break 2 million. This is the funniest thing I've ever seen in my life. I'm loving this. I'm loving this. [gasps] Let's Let's see what other real comedians have to say. >> New Melania documentary hits theaters on Friday. Great news if you're looking for a place to hide out from ice. Now, when you first heard that there was going to be a documentary about Melania, you probably thought, "Oh, or huh?" or "Why?" or "Can I undo my lasic? Oh, uh, my passions. Uh, decorating the East Wing." Uh, this story was never told before. Me, how I manage my business, family, and also establishing the East Wing. >> No one's told her. Oh god. >> Madam first lady, I have some terrible Let's just say the East Wing no longer be best. >> Oh, I love the East Wing, especially how it will always be there. >> Amazon bribed a whopping $40 million for the movie. Amazon paid nearly three times more than the next highest bidder. >> They even got director Brett Ratner, who you might know from Rush Hour or the ME TOO MOVEMENT. >> [cheering] >> AND AN ADDITIONAL $35 million for marketing, promotion, and distribution. So, big box office, right? Wrong. Social media has been flooded with images of theaters in major cities that haven't sold a single seat. And [cheering] and estimates are that this $75 million movie would make only one or two million in its opening weekend. Usually, to see Trump bomb this hard, you'd have to be on a Venezuelan fishing boat. We checked. I know. We checked. >> Now, not all reviews are bad. [music] >> I thought it was really great. >> People in the movie are giving it rave reviews. That's enough for me. It is not, however, getting a positive response for some of the people who worked on the film. According to Rolling Stone, 23 of the New York crew asked to have their names removed from the credits. [cheering] Two is a lot of thirds. Two is maybe almost possibly even more than half. Rolling Stone is reporting twothirds of the film's New York crew asked not to be credited. >> You didn't want to be in the credits, but how will they know who to get the trophy to at the FIFA Academy Awards? >> Nah. No, fam. Mm- You should have You should have put your name on a Bible. That's what you should have done is put your name on a Bible with a a leather bound cover, really nice gold stitching, even with the edges that are gold. Y'all remember that? Like the gold foil on the edges that you should have done that. You should have done that. Or just just get a center fold. Do what you're used to. Just just just call Playboy. Just get a center fold. We've all seen it. You've got those pictures already. While they're talking about Michelle Obama calling her Michael and had her arms out and while they were talking about and sexualizing Kala Harris, you've already been open to the public. You should have just got a centerfold, Belania. Do what you're good at. This is not it. This is not it. SO, AS I START to think about more consequential videos that I'm doing and and and some real rants as I gather my rage, this is just chef's kiss. I hope your movie bombs forever. And I hope no one of you go see it because why would you? You could watch paint dry. That would be better. Anyway, the time to fight is now. Oh, wait a minute. There's this >> Alex Prey was killed on Saturday, the same day they had the VIP screening of the movie at the White House. The first lady is not in a be best mood right now. According to the writer Michael Wolf, Melania is bigly upset that the murders in Minneapolis are overshadowing the release of the $75 million bribe, I mean documentary. >> Yeah, it's funny how real life gets in the way of your play acting. Be best. Be best to you, Melania. I hope you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lose everything you have and your husband and your son fall victim to Paulo Zampoli like you did. Hey. Yeah, you. Before you click away to watch someone unbox a tactical toothbrush, let's talk about something real. Political drain isn't just another content mill. We're a digital front in a very real war. [music] Not with bullets, but with ideas, with action, and with solidarity. We pair urgent news with critical education. And we build community around actual resistance, not the hashtag kind, the kind that moves. But here's the thing, none of this is free. It isn't. Behind every video is time, labor, research, and some weird guy asking if we're going to pay the hosting bill. And yeah, some of that money goes to things we can't necessarily say out loud. If you know, you know. Let's just say our special ops aren't Call of Duty larers. They're people making real moves [music] to protect, uplift, and organize. You're not just funding a channel. You're funding a resistance network in a world where capital still calls the shots. Unfortunately, in a system built on artificial scarcity, even mutual aid has a price tag. And if we want to grow. If we want to win, we need your help. We need your help. So, if you've got even a few bucks to spare, toss it our way. It's not for ads. It's not for merch drops, but for people making moves in the shadows so others can do it in the light. It's just us and you. So fund the mission, fund the fight, fund the future because nobody is coming to save us. We save each other. That's how this works. Heat. Heat. >> Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. >> Hey, hey, hey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kennethprocak5176 [1 likes]: As an Australian l worry about US people’s safety, freedom, and the Facist Administration take over.   The American Federal Gestapo are killing civilians in the streets and detaining innocent people on the street with no trial and placing them in Concentration Camps !
  2. @jernejfunkl8300: Mrs. Piggy goes well with Mr. President Pig😁😁😁
  3. @haydenmorton9725: Feb 16 2026….NOW at 15.8 million dollars. 😂😂
Not even available to watch in most cinemas…
  4. @gregj1295: Can’t wait for Melania TOO!
  5. @DblBlz: Thanks for the lesson in reality and shining the light on the hypocrisy. 
I repeat your mantra to my fellow entitled white friends. NO ONE  IS GOING TO SAVE US! They cheer me on, and say they are proud of my participation in the protests and the resistance. But they remain wallflowers, onlookers.
  6. @jamesaaron1533: When you said she is an idiot, you were not wrong. But more importantly, she is not a compelling idiot. Just a common average idiot
  7. @chrisofspec: Trump happening should be a lesson for everyone around globe who do they vote for.
  8. @eugeneflorence4355: The Film Crew didn't want to be in the credits? WOW!!!!! What does that say?
  9. @Woofer-B-Maned: Vile wh0r3 of a parasite, sucking up billions of tax dollars for personal glory. Vampire wh0re
  10. @mortenfrosthansen84: It's just her moving around. By foot, by car, by plane... boring like hell and just one big beautiful bribe from Pedoz
  11. @Elzanatillo-y1u: Jajaja
  12. @kennethprocak5176: Thought the Administration would have wheeled in the deaf, dumb, and blind kids !
  13. @kennethprocak5176: Melaninator knocked it out the park !  “Wait”,  “What not even  a true life Porno”?
  14. @Eldritch-1: You know how Muskrat knows it's bedtime?...that's when the big hand covers the little hand.
  15. @gren8te319: war of the worlds was a better amazon movie vthan melania
  16. @richardwingert2827: Makenia's plan all along was make Fuck get green card
  17. @joebobbiggins5046: They won't even play it at CECOT because they said it's too cruel to the inmates.
  18. @Jerome_22: Just like the sychophants surrounding the other trump, this movie sucks ass
  19. @chiprobertson3094: What documentary did better on day one?
  20. @Ron-ni8uu: Would anybody here watch this with someone else's dic*😜🤦

- Meghan Markle LEFT DEVASTATED After Speech in Geneva FLOPS… (Nobody Showed Up): Kind: captions Language: en It didn't look like anyone was there, like at all. A fan of Megan's even said she went and greeted everyone who came to watch, which was like 10 people in a serious international city like Geneva. This flop lays bare how people care about Megan and her nonsense, which is undermined by her decision to exploit her own children on social media for likes and engagement. 10 people in Geneva. One of the most internationally significant cities on the planet, home to the United Nations, the World Health Organization, some of the most powerful diplomatic gatherings in the world. 10 people turned up to watch Meghan Markle deliver what she had clearly decided was going to be her defining moment on the world stage. 10 people. And from what we understand, she greeted every single one of them individually because when you have 10, you have the time. Now, let that land for a moment because this is not just an embarrassing afternoon. This is not just a bad photo opportunity or an unfortunate bit of scheduling. What happened in Geneva represents something far more significant and far more telling about exactly where Meghan Markle stands right now and exactly what her grand humanitarian reinvention is actually worth in the cold light of day. She stood before a memorial. She spoke about children. She invoked grief. She invoked innocence. She invoked the sacred responsibility of adults to protect the young. And behind her, the streets of Geneva carried on entirely as normal. Cars drove past. Tourists photographed a large chair. Two women waited at a bus stop and didn't even bother to wait until she had finished speaking before crossing the road. The world did not stop. The world did not notice. The world, as it turns out, had somewhere else to be. But here is the part that takes your breath away. The part that elevates this from mere embarrassment to something approaching spectacular hypocrisy. Because less than 24 hours before she stood at that memorial and delivered her impassion speech about protecting children from the harms of social media, Meghan Markle posted her 3-year-old daughter Liet on Instagram to 4 and 1/2 million followers positioned perfectly, framed deliberately, angled, as more than one commentator has now pointed out, to show off the designer jacket and shoes Megan would be wearing to the very event she was using her child to promote. and she genuinely genuinely did not appear to see the problem. That is the part that ought to stop us all in our tracks. Not the hypocrisy itself, extraordinary as it is, but the blindness, the absolute impenetrable blindness to what everyone else could see immediately. And we are going to get into every layer of this story today because there are many. There are the empty streets. There is the nose. There is the designer closet. There is Dr. Ted Rose. There is the question of what this speech was actually about underneath all the beautiful language about children and safety and digital harm. There is a great deal to get through. So let us begin to understand why what happened in Geneva matters as much as it does. You have to understand what Meghan Markle has been trying to build and how desperately she needs it to work. Because we are now several years into the Sussex reinvention project and the results have been, to put it diplomatically, mixed. The Netflix deal is winding down. The Spotify deal is long gone. The lifestyle brand as ever launched to considerably less fanfare than hoped. The cooking show with Love Megan did not set the world al light. And the couple's public approval ratings on both sides of The Atlantic continue to tell a story that no amount of rebranding appears able to rewrite. So, what do you do when celebrity isn't quite working? When the lifestyle angle has plateaued, when the memoir territory has been exhausted, you go humanitarian. You position yourself as a serious global figure. You align yourself with international health organizations and speak about issues that matter. Children, safety, the digital world, and you hope that the weight of the cause lends you a gravitas that your own profile can no longer generate on its own. That has been the strategy. And Geneva was supposed to be its centerpiece. The World Health Organization, the Lost Scream Memorial, a speech about protecting children from the harms of social media. On paper, it reads like a genuine moment of significance. A duchess turned global advocate standing alongside one of the world's most prominent public health institutions, making the case for something genuinely important. Had it landed, had the crowds gathered, had the speech resonated, had the optics aligned, it could have been exactly the relaunch Megan needed. Instead, it became something else entirely. It became a case study in everything that has gone wrong and everything that continues to go wrong every single time. Because the thing about Meghan Markle, as those who have studied her trajectory most closely have pointed out repeatedly, is that she is very good at constructing the architecture of a significant moment, the venue, the cause, the ally, the speech. She understands the components. What she consistently fails to do is live up to them. What she consistently fails to do is be the person that the moment requires. And in Geneva, that gap between the occasion she had constructed and the reality of who she is and how she behaves could not have been more visible. It was visible in the empty streets. It was visible in the Instagram post and it was visible in a rather different way in that peculiar moment at the end of her speech, but we will come to that. Geneva is not a city that impresses easily. It has hosted some of the most consequential gatherings in modern history. It is accustomed to world leaders, to diplomats, to organizations whose work shapes the lives of billions. It is not, in short, a city that was ever going to be swept away by the arrival of a former actress turned Sussex Duchess with a growing Instagram following. But even by Geneva's standards, the indifference with which the city greeted Meghan Markle's appearance was rather striking. She was there ostensively to speak at a World Health Assembly event focused on children's digital safety standing before the Lost Scream Memorial. A monument that carries the names of children who have taken their own lives with links attributed to harmful online content. The cause itself is serious. The grief it represents is real. The parents whose children's names are on that memorial deserve advocates who are genuine, who are consistent, who do not undermine the very message they are delivering before the ink is dry on their speech notes. We will come to whether Meghan Markle is that advocate. But let us first establish what the scene actually looked like on the ground. Behind her, as she spoke, were cars, were passers by, were tourists visiting a large wooden chair that has become something of a Geneva landmark. There was no crowd. There was no gathering of concerned citizens, no sea of faces hanging on her words. There were people walking past, some of whom glanced over, most of whom did not. The streets were open, traffic was moving, and at no point did anyone appear to feel that something of great significance was occurring nearby. The contrast with what was happening elsewhere in Europe at roughly the same time was not lost on anyone paying attention. Because while Megan was addressing the Geneva streets, Catherine, the Princess of Wales, was in Italy, and the crowds that turned out to see Catherine in Italy were of a rather different order entirely. The juxosition was so stark, so perfectly encapsulating of the gap between what the two women represent in the public imagination that it barely requires comment. But of course, it received a great deal of comment, as it should. Megan Markle just doesn't seem to understand that if she's going to stand on this issue of internet safety. The first and foremost place that you must see this is on Megan Markle's own Instagram page, which she refuses to do. She's trying to monetize everything. And it's impossible not to believe that Megan Markle knows that posting her children generally gives her a bit more engagement. And that is the heart of it, isn't it? The issue is not that Meghan Markle chose to speak about children's digital safety. The issue is that she is constitutionally incapable of being the person that cause requires. Because the moment you decide to become an advocate for protecting children from the machine of social media engagement, the moment you stand before a memorial to children who were harmed by exactly that machine you are making, a promise you are saying, I understand this. I take this seriously. My actions reflect this understanding. And Meghan Markle's actions do not reflect that understanding. They reflect the opposite. She knows, and this is the part that is impossible to dismiss. She knows that posting her children generates engagement. She knows that Liet in particular has become a focal point of public curiosity in a way that Megan herself no longer is. She knows that a photograph of her daughter crouching at her feet in a designer packed wardrobe will generate more clicks, more coverage, more conversation than almost anything else she could post. And she posts it anyway. The day before a speech about the harm of exactly that kind of exposure, she posts it anyway. Let us talk about the photograph because it deserves to be examined carefully because it tells you a great deal not just about the hypocrisy of the timing but about the nature of Meghan Markle's relationship with her own children, with her own image, and with the audience she is attempting to cultivate. The image was posted to Instagram the day before the Geneva speech. It showed Megan in a walk-in wardrobe. A walk-in wardrobe that by one estimate contained somewhere in the region of a quarter of a million dollars worth of clothing. All visible in the mirror's reflection. She was wearing a lilac coat and crouching at her feet, red hair in a ponytail. Back to camera, was Liet, 4 years old. The caption, "Mama's little helper." and positioned prominently in the frame, angled perfectly, as if by accident, but quite clearly not by accident. The jacket and shoes that Megan would be wearing to the speech the following day. Tom Sykes, who was actually in Geneva and witnessed the event firsthand, was as cleareyed about this as anyone. He noted that a woman who is about to stand alongside the world's most senior public health official and speak about the measurable preventable harms of exposing children to social media had just voluntarily for no apparent reason other than self-promotion exposed her own child to social media. He called it an exhibit a a devastating own goal and he is right. But there is something else in that image that goes beyond the simple hypocrisy of the timing. There is the question of what it reveals about Liet's role in the Sussex operation more broadly. Sykes observed that Archie, who is now seven, appears increasingly to be absent from these posts. And one might reasonably speculate, as he did, that a 7-year-old may have begun to express some reluctance about being photographed for the internet. A 4-year-old does not have that capacity. A 4-year-old cannot meaningfully consent to having her image broadcast to millions of strangers. And Megan knows this. She has argued this very point herself in different contexts when it has suited her to do so. The argument that not showing a child's face somehow protects their privacy has, as Sykes put it, become absurd. Not showing a face does not prevent a child from becoming a social media presence. If anything, it creates a curiosity gap, a deliberate withholding that makes people more interested, not less, in eventually seeing that face. It is not protection. It is strategy and in the context of a exactly this kind of calculated exposure. It is breathtaking. She is fully aware of how people discuss and talk about her children. And if she's so concerned with their safety, so concerned with protecting them, why doesn't she just simply not post them at all? People dissect her children. They make all sorts of comments and I would say some of them are rather inappropriate. But Megan continues to feed it and that is disgusting. >> And there it is. The question that cuts right through every piece of carefully crafted language about child safety and digital harm and protecting the innocent. If you know, and Meghan Markle absolutely knows, that posting your children generates inappropriate scrutiny, generates commentary you find distressing, generates the very kind of invasive public interest you claim to be speaking out against, why do you keep doing it, why do you keep feeding the machine you are simultaneously claiming to want to dismantle? There is only one answer that makes any logical sense, and it is the answer that Brittany and every cleareyed observer of the Sussex operation has arrived at independently, because the engagement is worth more than the principle, because the likes and the clicks and the coverage matter more than the very thing she stood before a memorial and promised to protect. It is not complicated. It is simply, starkly, impossible to ignore. Now, we must address the moment that has understandably captured a great deal of attention and generated a great deal of speculation because towards the end of her speech, something happened. Something small, but something that in the context of everything else occurring around it became rather difficult to dismiss. Megan touched her nose. It was not a dramatic gesture. It was a brief, subtle movement, the kind of thing that might pass entirely unnoticed in different circumstances. But in these circumstances, with the cameras rolling and the commentary flowing and the entire event already under the microscope of public scrutiny, it did not pass unnoticed. It was noticed. It was replayed. It was zoomed in upon. And it sparked a conversation that Megan will not have anticipated when she rehearsed her closing lines about children looking back at this moment with pride. Now, we are not here to draw definitive conclusions about what that gesture meant. We are simply here to observe that it happened, that it was noticed, and that in the broader context of an event already dripping with irony and contradiction, it added yet another layer of peculiarity to an afternoon that was not short of peculiarity. What we can say with certainty is that the moment she presumably intended to be her closing image of dignified resolve, the tear threatening to fall from the left eye, the trembling lip, the impassioned final plea for the children was not quite what it appeared. What is perhaps more interesting than the gesture itself is what it tells us about Megan's relationship with performance. Because every element of this Geneva appearance, the venue, the backdrop, the speech, the closing emotional moment had been carefully choreographed to produce a specific impression. This is a woman who understands production, who understands image, who has spent her entire adult life constructing moments designed to land in a particular way, and yet repeatedly something goes wrong. The crowds don't materialize. The gesture reads strangely. The Instagram post undermines everything. The production is never quite as polished as intended because the raw material, the authentic human being at the center of it, keeps breaking through in ways that disrupt the carefully constructed narrative. Mega Merkel is not a particularly compelling person. We analyzed her because of the ambulance mentality, the car crash mentality. We've seen this wreck she's made of her life and that is why people follow and let's say engage with her. They don't engage in a positive way and the money generated definitely is not the way Megan Merkel wants it to be. And that is a truth that deserves to sit with us for a moment because it is uncomfortable in a way that goes beyond simple Chardan Freder. The public engagement with Meghan Markle has never been the engagement she wanted. It has always been the engagement she feared. People are not following her journey with warmth and admiration and the kind of genuine celebrity connection she craved when she first entered this world. They are watching because they cannot look away from the contradictions, from the gap between who she presents herself as and who she demonstrably is. From the steady accumulation of moments like Geneva, where everything that is supposed to go right goes wrong, and everything she is supposed to not see, she clearly cannot see. I absolutely despise philanthropy when it's used like this because this really is a networking event for for all the elites, isn't it? I am sick of seeing Meghan Markle and Prince Harry turn up to anything that they feel will propel them forwards. Remember what your mother did, Prince Harry? She was doing the charity work that was not cool. The charity work that people shied away from. And there it is, the comparison that cuts deepest, delivered with the precision it deserves. Because we talk a great deal about Megan's attempts to position herself as the natural heir to Diana's humanitarian legacy, she invokes it constantly, if not always explicitly. The cause, the memorial, the empathy, the children, the implication always hovering just beneath the surface of everything she does in these international settings. is this is what Diana would have done. I am continuing something. I am carrying something forward. But Diana did not choose her causes because they were glamorous. She did not choose them because they would generate the right photographs or put her on the right stages alongside the right institutional allies. She chose AIDS patients when AIDS was a disease that respectable society was desperate to pretend did not exist. She chose landmine victims in countries that the international community had largely decided were too complicated, too dangerous, too unglamorous to be worth the attention. She chose the work that no one else wanted to do, and she did it without a stylist prepositioning designer shoes in the mirror reflection of her dressing room the day before. That is the comparison, and it is not flattering to Megan. Not because Megan could not in theory become a genuine humanitarian advocate, but because the evidence of Geneva, the evidence of the photograph, the evidence of the empty streets, the evidence of every strategic calculation that surrounded what should have been a straightforward act of advocacy suggests that the cause has always been secondary. Secondary to the image, secondary to the profile, secondary to the ongoing project of making Meghan Markle look like someone worth taking seriously. Tom Bower, who has written about Megan more forensically than almost anyone, has long identified this quality in her, the cleverness without self-awareness. The ability to construct the architecture of a significant moment without understanding that the moment itself requires you to be something you are not prepared to be. She is, as Bower has put it, very clever. Her problem is that she is not clever enough. She lacks the self-awareness to recognize her own limitations. And in the humanitarian space, those limitations are not small. They are, as Geneva demonstrated rather vividly, enormous. >> They want to be celebrities, but they have no talent to be celebrities. They can't sing, they can't dance, dance, they can't act, they can't do anything. So, the only thing that they can do is pretend that they're humanitarians or or or pretend that they're royals. And it just doesn't work. >> They just don't work. And that is the pattern, isn't it? Because Geneva is not an isolated incident. It is the latest in a long line of carefully staged moments that have failed to produce the desired result, not because the production was poor, but because the person at the center of the production cannot sustain the illusion long enough for the cameras to stop rolling. There was the tour of Nigeria, which generated more commentary about Megan's outfit choices than about any substantive charitable outcome. There was the women's retreat in California attended by a handful of people where she collected a speaking fee that sat rather uncomfortably alongside her stated commitment to empowering women. There was the Spotify deal, the one that produced after enormous fanfare and a reported sum in the tens of millions, a single podcast series that was quietly discontinued. There was the Netflix deal which produced a documentary that was considerably more about grievances than about causes. Each time the pattern is the same, the announcement lands, the imagery is polished, the cause is worthy, and then something goes wrong. Either the numbers don't materialize, or the content doesn't connect, or the behavior around the event contradicts the message of the event itself. And each time Megan appears genuinely surprised, genuinely unable to identify the gap between intention and outcome. Genuinely convinced that the next carefully choreographed moment will be the one that finally lands. What Geneva tells us, what Geneva screams at us from behind those empty streets and that bewildered woman greeting her 10 audience members is that the pattern is not going to break. Because the pattern is not a product of bad luck or poor timing or insufficient preparation. The pattern is Megan. The pattern is what happens when someone who craves validation above all else attempts to occupy a space that requires genuine selflessness above all else. Those two things are simply incompatible. And no amount of World Health Organization partnerships or lost scream memorials is going to change that. And where you might ask is Harry in all of this? Because Harry is always somewhere in this story, even when he is not visible. He is the silent context for everything Megan does. The context of a man who gave up everything for a woman and a vision that continues to fall short of what it promised to be. Harry was not, as far as we are aware, at the Geneva event. He was not standing beside his wife as she addressed the empty streets. He was not in the photographs. And that absence is itself worth noting because there was a time not so very long ago when the Sussex brand was emphatically a joint enterprise. When they appeared together at every significant event, when the message was always, "We are doing this together. We are stronger together. This is a partnership." That joint presentation has become considerably less consistent. And those who pay close attention to the Sussex operation have noted that the goals of these two people appear to have diverged in ways that are becoming harder and harder to paper over. Harry, by all credible accounts, wants something simpler. He wants privacy. He wants some version of the life he had before. Not the full royal life perhaps, but something quieter, something more grounded, something that does not require him to stand in front of cameras and perform significance on a weekly basis. Megan wants scale. Megan wants visibility. Megan wants the kind of global platform that her time in the royal family gave her a taste of and that she has been attempting to recreate with diminishing success ever since. And it is Harry's children, his daughter, and his son who are caught in the middle of this divergence. Because we know from everything Harry has said publicly over the years that he feels deeply about privacy. That the exposure of his own childhood to public scrutiny is something that marked him, shaped him in ways he is still processing. He has spoken about wanting something different for his children. He has spoken about the importance of protecting them from exactly the kind of relentless public attention that defined his own early years. And yet his wife posts Liilette to 4 and a half million Instagram followers the day before a speech about the harms of doing exactly that. And Harry apparently does not stop it. Harry and the kids are of course going to be traded off that. He's basically given up on having any sort of real job. He's not bringing in the money. And so they got nothing. They got nothing but the kids and to sell the kids basically to the highest bidder, which for Megan is Instagram. And that tells you a great deal about the dynamic within that marriage and within that household. Because if Harry genuinely felt as strongly about his children's privacy as his public statements have always suggested, the photograph would not have been posted. The caption would not have read Mama's Little Helper. the designer shoes would not have been angled into the frame, but it was posted because in the Sussex operation, the Instagram strategy, the content strategy, the engagement strategy is Megan's domain. And Megan's domain is not a place where Harry appears to exercise much influence. So, what was Geneva actually about? because it is worth stripping away the surface, the worthy cause, the international institution, the speech about children and safety and digital harm and asking the question that always needs to be asked when it comes to anything involving Meghan Markle. What was the actual goal here? What was this really for? The answer, when you look at it clearly, is several things simultaneously. It was about positioning, about maintaining the fiction of Megan as a serious global actor in a world that is becoming increasingly skeptical of that fiction. It was about generating the kind of coverage that lifestyle content and as ever candles cannot generate coverage that places her name alongside institutions of genuine international weight. Even if the association is temporary, even if the relationship is transactional, even if the only organization prepared to lend her that credibility is one whose own credibility has been seriously questioned because we must talk about Dr. Tedros because the choice of the World Health Organization as a platform and Dr. Tedros specifically as a partner is not neutral. The DHO's handling of global health crisis in recent years has been the subject of enormous scrutiny and significant criticism and Dr. Ted Ross himself has been a deeply controversial figure. The fact that he is, as far as we can tell, the most senior institutional figure prepared to lend his platform to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry says something. It says something about both parties. It says something about where Megan's perceived institutional value now sits. And it says something about what kind of partnership this actually is. No serious political figure, no elected leader, no head of state, no major international institution with a clean record and a reputation to protect would want the most unpopular woman in Britain fronting one of their flagship projects. That is a simple political calculation. The WH for reasons that have nothing to do with children's digital safety finds itself in a position where the calculation is different. and Megan for reasons that have nothing to do with doctor Tedris's record finds herself in a position where she needs this association more than she can afford to be selective about who provides it. Megan's trying to do 12 things right now and nothing is really working. But the reality is Megan Merkel is a middle-aged woman and at some point you just kind of fall off the the attention span and the the next generation takes over and I'm sure she's rather frustrated by that because the reality is Megan Merkel is not a particularly compelling person. And there is another layer to this strategy that deserves examination. Because if you listen carefully to the language of Megan's speech, the specific phrases she chose, the specific harms she described, the specific emotional territory she kept returning to a pattern emerges. She spoke about adults barely being able to survive the bullying and predation of the online world. She spoke about people being driven to content they were not looking for, about platforms preying on vulnerabilities, about the devastating personal cost of unregulated digital spaces. She was not speaking in the abstract. She was speaking about herself. This speech underneath the language of child advocacy was always also about Meghan Markle's own experience of being a public figure in the digital age, about the commentary she receives, about the criticism she finds devastating, about the internet that has not been kind to her and that she would, if she could, very much like to change. Mark that because it matters. Let us be precise about what is being claimed and what the evidence actually shows. Because Megan's Geneva speech made a series of implicit and explicit arguments about her commitment to children's digital safety. And those arguments need to be held up against her actual behavior, not just in the 24 hours before the speech, but across the broader pattern of her time as a social media figure. The speech argued that children are being treated as products by social media platforms, that their attention is captured, their vulnerabilities are exploited, their well-being is sacrificed at the altar of algorithmic profit. These are real and serious concerns. They are backed by substantial research. They deserve to be taken seriously. And they are being taken seriously by parents, by policy makers, by researchers, by advocates who do not also happen to be posting their 4-year-old to Instagram the day before they deliver the speech. The speech argued that we would never accept a food system that knowingly exposed children to harm. So why do we accept a digital one? It is a reasonable rhetorical point. It is also a point that becomes rather difficult to sustain when you have just voluntarily knowingly exposed your own child to a digital system you know to be harmful. In order to promote your personal brand and preview your outfit for a speech about exactly that harm, the speech invoked the courage to demand transparency. Transparency from platforms. Transparency from tech companies. Transparency from those who profit at the expense of children. Transparency from the woman who has for years carefully managed every image of her children that enters the public domain. Who has allowed some photographs and withheld others based on strategic calculations about what serves the Sussex brand best. who has used the language of privacy to justify keeping her children from public scrutiny when it suits her and then abandoned that language the moment an Instagram post serves her promotional purposes. >> Meghan Markle said social media companies exploit children for clicks and Megan Markle while at the same time admitting that she exploits her own children for social media clicks and money. She is a joke on this topic and no one with active brain cells will ever take her seriously unless she lives by what she preaches. But she's too addicted to exploiting herself and her family for clicks and money to do anything else. >> And she is addicted. That is the word that keeps appearing in honest assessments of Megan's relationship with social media and public attention. Not strategically committed, not professionally invested, addicted. There is a compulsive quality to the posting, to the image management, to the constant feeding of a machine she simultaneously presents herself as wanting to regulate. She cannot stop. Even when stopping would serve her stated cause, even when stopping would make her argument coherent. Even when stopping would frankly make the Geneva speech land in the way she intended it to land, she cannot stop. And that inability is not a small thing. It is the thing. Because Tom Bower has written extensively about Megan's psychological relationship with public attention, about the deep need for validation that has characterized her entire adult life that drove her choices as an actress that shaped her entry into the royal family that has defined every project and every partnership and every carefully staged moment since she left it. And Geneva with its 10 audience members and its Instagram post and its designer wardrobe and its touching of the nose is simply the latest chapter in a story that Bower has been telling with forensic precision for years. She is very clever. She lacks self-awareness. She doesn't recognize her own limitations and her limitations in this particular space are considerable. Catherine and William are highly engaged parents. We see this reflected whereas Harry and Megan, they just give us these little tidbits and you just got to wonder who are the kids with the rest of the time. Megan is more than willing to fly off to New York overnight just to go to a play and most moms don't do that. And that is the question that sits beneath all of this, isn't it? Who are the children with? Because while Megan is in Geneva standing before memorials and giving speeches and posing for the cameras that didn't show up and while Harry is somewhere doing whatever it is Harry does now Archie and Liet are with someone staff presumably nannies the support system that every wealthy household employs and that is perfectly legitimate but that sits somewhat oddly alongside the narrative of hands-on present devoted parenthood that the Sussex Instagram feed is designed to object. The deeper stakes here are not just Megan's reputation. They are not just the credibility of her humanitarian work. The deeper stakes are the children themselves. Two small people who did not choose this life, who did not consent to this level of public exposure, who are being shaped by decisions made entirely by adults who have consistently demonstrated that their own interests and imperatives take priority over the quiet, protected childhood they claim to be providing. Archie is seven. He is old enough to be aware of public attention, even if he cannot fully understand its implications. He is old enough, apparently, to have begun expressing some reluctance about being photographed, which would explain his increasing absence from his mother's social media feed. Liet is four. She is not old enough. She cannot consent. She cannot weigh the implications. She can only crouch at her mother's feet in a designer wardrobe and be positioned perfectly in a mirror reflection that will be broadcast to millions of strangers. All in service of a speech about protecting children from exactly that. The legacy question what Megan's children will think when they are old enough to look back at all of this is one that very few people in Megan's immediate circle appear to be asking or if they are asking it, they are not being listened to. Because we have been told repeatedly by people who have worked with and around the Sussex's that they are essentially impossible to advise. They do what they want. The Instagram post is exhibit A. The Geneva speech is exhibit B. The pattern is the proof. It is worth pausing to consider what the British royal family makes of all this because they are watching. Of that we can be absolutely certain. The palace, or rather those within the palace who monitor the Sussex operation with the kind of professional attention that such monitoring requires, will have seen the Geneva images. They will have seen the empty streets. They will have seen the Instagram post. They will have drawn their own conclusions privately, and those conclusions will be filed away for future reference. What we know from everything that has emerged over the past several years is that King Charles has adopted a policy of dignified distance. He does not comment publicly on his son's activities. He does not engage with the narrative Megan and Harry are attempting to construct. He allows the silence to do the work and the silence in this case speaks volumes. Because the contrast between what is happening in Geneva, between Megan's 10 audience members and her designer wardrobe photograph and her controversial do partnership and what is happening within the working royal family could not be more stark. Catherine is in Italy drawing real crowds with real warmth. William is continuing his causes with the measured consistent dedication of someone who does not need every event to be a statement about himself. The institution carries on. It does not seek Megan's approval and it does not need to do anything in response to Geneva because Geneva has done the work entirely on its own. The palace's strategy appears to be wait, let the pattern establish itself. Let the numbers speak. Let the empty streets of Geneva do what no press release ever could. When you are a royal, it is your connection to the crown that is what makes you shine in the international ecosphere. It's not necessarily you yourself. It's the crown that's the star. And when you leave that crown, a lot of its power and shine goes with you. >> And we saw that >> back to the crown. >> We saw that on the streets of Geneva. >> And there it is. The truth that Geneva illustrated more vividly than any editorial could. Megan did not draw crowds in Geneva because Megan, without the crown, without the institution, without the centuries of history and symbolic weight that made her relevant in the first place, is not a crowd-drawing proposition. She was never going to be because the crowds she drew as a royal were never for Megan. They were for what Megan represented access to an institution they loved, a glimpse of a world they found fascinating. Strip that away and what remains is an American actress with a lifestyle brand and a complicated public image. And that is not, it turns out, quite enough for Geneva. >> She is very clever. Her problem is she's not clever enough. >> She lacks self-awareness. She doesn't realize she's too clever. That that is a terrible dilemma to be in that not recognizing your own limitations. >> Not recognizing your own limitations is one thing. failing to recognize them in a context as public as Geneva, in front of cameras, in front of commentators, in front of an international city that had no particular reason to be watching, but found itself watching anyway, is something else. It is a failure of self-awareness so complete that it becomes its own kind of statement, not about the cause, not about child safety, about Megan. The broader warning that Geneva delivers to Megan, to Harry, to anyone investing in the Sussex brand is this. The reinvention is not working. And it is not working not because the issues they have chosen to champion are unworthy. Some of them are genuinely important. It is not working because the people championing them are constitutionally incapable of the consistency, the selflessness, the genuine subordination of personal interest to public cause that real advocacy requires. The machine keeps breaking down at the same point where Megan's need for recognition meets the reality of who she is. She is not a humanitarian in the mold of the women she appears to want to emulate. She is not a global advocate whose personal behavior reinforces her public message. She is not someone who can stand before a memorial and speak about children and protection and harm and then be believed because the evidence of her own actions speaks louder than any speech she will ever deliver. And until she can close that gap, until the public Megan and the private Megan are the same person, Geneva will keep happening. The empty streets will keep appearing. The 10 audience members will keep greeting her. And the cameras will keep recording. Tom Sykes put it perhaps most clearly of anyone who covered the event. There is a version of reality in which Harry and Megan could have been genuinely effective advocates for children's digital safety. They had the platform. They had the attention. They had at one point the goodwill. And they squandered every last drop of it through precisely this kind of moment. Not through malice. not through stupidity, through the simple, consistent, inarguable failure to be the people that the causes they have chosen actually need them to be. The relationship between the Sussex's and the royal family has been one of the defining dramas of this decade. And Geneva, in its own strange small way, adds another chapter. Not because the palace has responded, not because William or Catherine or the king have said anything, but because the contrast it creates does the work of a thousand statements. Because while Megan stood before empty streets in Geneva, Catherine was receiving the kind of reception that reminds you what genuine public affection looks like. Genuine warmth, genuine curiosity, genuine love from people who feel not because they have been asked to feel it. Not because a PR team has manufactured it that Catherine is one of them. that she is someone who shows up not for herself but for something larger. That her presence means something beyond her own brand management. That contrast is not accidental. It is the product of years of choices. Catherine has spent more than a decade making choices that were not always easy, not always comfortable, not always in her personal interest in service of an institution and a public that she has made it her life's work to serve. She did not post her children on Instagram to sell designer outfits. She did not align herself with controversial institutional figures to generate coverage. She did not deliver speeches whose central message was undermined by her own behavior the night before. She chose over and over and over again the harder thing, the quieter thing, the thing that does not generate immediate attention but accumulates over years into something that looks like what Catherine has now. the unshakable trust and affection of the public she serves. Megan chose over and over and over again the thing that felt good in the moment, the thing that generated the coverage, the thing that fed the validation machine, the thing that looked right even when it was not right. And the results of those two sets of choices are visible in the crowds of Italy and the empty streets of Geneva. Megan always feels this massive inferiority complex. And so she's always trying to compete with Catherine in whatever way that she can. And that inferiority complex, and it is the right word for it, is what drives so much of what we see from Megan, including Geneva. Because Geneva was not just about child safety. Geneva was also about being taken seriously on a world stage in a way that matches what Catherine is taken seriously for, in a way that generates the kind of respect and genuine public regard that Catherine has. And Megan does not. She sees what Catherine has. She understands at some level that she does not have it. And she keeps trying to acquire it through the wrong means. Through the mechanisms, the staging, the imagery, the strategic alliances that can produce the appearance of significance but cannot produce the thing itself. Because the thing itself cannot be manufactured. It can only be earned slowly, quietly, consistently over years. Stepping back from Geneva, stepping back from the nose and the 10 audience members and the designer wardrobe and Dr. Tedros. What does this moment actually tell us about where we are? About where Meghan Markle is? About where the Sussex project is? About what the next chapter of this story looks like? What it tells us is that the reinvention has stalled. That the strategies that were supposed to reposition Megan as a serious global figure are not delivering the results they promised. and that the people around her, the PR teams, the managers, the advisers appear to be running out of ideas or running out of influence or both. Because if you had the ability to stop the Liet Instagram post from going up the day before the Geneva speech, you would have stopped it, someone didn't, or someone tried and wasn't listened to. And we have been told from multiple credible sources that the Sussex's are essentially impossible to advise. They do what they want. This is what they want. What it also tells us is that the gap between Harry and Megan's individual trajectories is becoming more visible, not less. Harry wants to come home in some sense of that word. He wants proximity to his family. He wants a quieter version of the life he abandoned. Megan wants Geneva, wants the WH, wants the global stage and the institutional credibility and the 4 and a half million Instagram followers and the designer partnerships and the speech that goes viral and the crowd that shows up. Those two sets of wants are not compatible. And the question of how long they can be held in the same household, the same marriage, the same brand is a question that more and more people are beginning to ask openly. >> This is not a movement because nobody takes her seriously. Nobody showed up. Nobody cared enough to be there. And if Megan and Harry actually stood for something and it could actually grow something organically, they might get a stronger reaction. Organic. That is the word that matters because everything Meghan Markle does is manufactured. Every image, every caption, every alliance, every cause, every speech, the manufacturing is sophisticated. It is expensive. It involves considerable professional expertise, but it cannot produce the thing that organic produces, which is the genuine unscripted response of people who believe in something. The people who gathered in their thousands to see Katherine in Italy were not there because of a PR strategy. They were there because Catherine has earned them. slowly, consistently, without the Instagram posts and the WH partnerships and the designer wardrobe revelations. She has simply earned them. Megan has not earned them. And Geneva was the clearest demonstration yet that you cannot manufacture what must be earned. You can stand before a memorial. You can deliver a speech about children and safety and the courage to do better. You can align yourself with international institutions and post captions about mama's little helper and angle the designer shoes just so in the mirror reflection. And at the end of all of that, at the end of all that manufacturing and staging and careful, expensive construction of significance, you can find yourself in the middle of a Geneva street with 10 people and a passing tourist who stopped to photograph a large wooden chair. That is where manufacturing ends up. That is where Megan is. The bigger picture then is this. The Sussex chapter of the royal family story is entering a new phase. Not a dramatic phase. Not the phase of bombshells and revelations and explosive documentaries. A quieter, sadder, more inevitable phase. The phase where the strategies have been exhausted and the reinventions have been attempted and the crowds have failed to materialize. And what remains is the simple, uncomfortable reality that two people made choices that cannot be unmade. and that the consequences of those choices are now arriving steadily and without fanfare in cities they did not expect to find them. Cities like Geneva on a quiet afternoon where the streets were open and the cars drove past and nobody quite simply nobody stopped to listen. >> The best way for children to not get sucked into the social media and internet vortex is active parenting. Too often there are parents who let a phone parent their child. And it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone when that goes south. In my opinion, it's so obvious that Megan is exploiting the grief of parents to promote her own agenda. After all, she actually, if she actually cared on this topic, she wouldn't post her children and exploit them online. >> There it is, simply and clearly stated. If you actually cared, you wouldn't do this. And that is the sentence that Geneva leaves us with. Not the DO partnership, not the lost scream memorial, not the carefully worded speech about algorithmic harm and children's digital safety. That sentence, "If you actually cared, you wouldn't do this." Because the grief of the parents whose children's names are on that memorial is real. The harm that social media platforms cause to young people is real. The need for genuine advocates, people who live by what they preach, who bring consistent, credible, authentic commitment to causes that desperately need it, is real and urgent and important. And those parents and those children and those causes deserve better than this. They deserve better than a speech delivered to an empty street by a woman who posted her four-year-old to Instagram the night before. They deserve the real thing. and Meghan Markle, whatever she is, is not the real thing. I want to ask you something before we go because I genuinely want to know what you think. Do you believe that someone like Megan, who has so publicly and so consistently behaved in ways that contradict her stated values can ever truly change? Can the manufacturing ever become real? Or has Geneva told us everything we need to know about who she is and what this is all for? And there is something else I want to ask. When you watch Lileette in that photograph crouching at her mother's feet, back to camera, unaware of the millions of eyes that image will reach, what do you feel? Because I suspect many of you feel what I feel. Something that goes beyond the politics and the brand strategies and the Sussex drama. Something simpler and sadder than all of that. Thank you so much for watching today. Genuinely, it means more than you know to have you here engaged with these stories, thinking about them carefully, asking the right questions. If this video gave you something to think about, please do give it a like. It helps more people find the conversation. And if you are not yet subscribed, please do consider joining us. Every single subscriber matters, and I would love to have you here for everything that is still to come. Share this with anyone you think would find it interesting. Until next time, take care of yourselves.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ceciliaM17256 [16 likes]: Because she is phony she is simply just looking for ways to travel on someone else’s dine and be in front of a camera.
  2. @daniellelloyd3632 [8 likes]: When our children misbehave, we punished them.  Why is it that two grown adults for past 8 years  have been maliciously hurting  others.  They even disrespected the Queen, Megan is JINXED!!!
  3. @leonidamaynard8918 [8 likes]: Meghan wants to compete with Princess Katherine. She went to Geneva the same time Katherine went to Italy. Katherine's mission is focused on early childhood education while Meghan  advocate child safety protection on social media. Meghan thought that she could overpower Princess Katherine.
  4. @terriyoungs [6 likes]: If she is the queen of fashion, I want no part of her.
  5. @chrisperrins8082 [5 likes]: Harold & Ragland are a hypocrite mess.
Prince William & Princess Catherine must be real glad to have these two out of their royal sights.
  6. @LizMackin-x1m [5 likes]: She is just disgusting and she will put the children on the Internet when she needs the money it doesn't matter what harry wants she has spent 90 million pounds so harry has sold his family and now she's no money left a disgrace
  7. @garnetbarkley7482 [4 likes]: Someone said that it looked as though the pic had some photoshopping done to it.      They showed the child’s foot enlarged.  Sure looked it to me.
  8. @rosieadams1964 [1 likes]: She is full of false performative affectation. Full on digi-image, poser, positioner and PR obsessionist. Deranged and dangerous diva, addicted to cosplay, companies and camera angles. 
She is a loopnut.
  9. @kittkatt521: mugham is the Mommy Dearest of the 21st century!!
  10. @secretdaisy6484: MM = 🤮
  11. @mary952: She has sealed her own disastrous fate....now whats left is for the audience to sit back and watch the destruction happen that both of them brought upon themselves!
  12. @YvonnePhillips-zn4pw: Tedros should be placing his attention into real issues like the Hatan virus and the Ibola virus which are dire threats to the safety of the entire world population. Instead he is paying attention to a toxic, vile, inauthentic woman. 
He needs to be replaced. 
Tendros has been Markled.
  13. @KathleenColbeck: Shes disgusting!
  14. @sylviado298: Good...your getting the  message Markle!  no one gives a s....t about you.

- How YouTube Shorts go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Your short goes through three distribution&nbsp; waves and you need to perform at each&nbsp;&nbsp; level to keep getting pushed. Wave 1 from 500 to 1.5k views.&nbsp; This one's pretty easy to&nbsp; reach and even easier to pass.&nbsp; To get to 500 views, all you need&nbsp; is good video quality, clean audio&nbsp;&nbsp; and proper metadata, title description and tags that tell the algorithm what your video's about.&nbsp; To pass the 1.5K mark and enter wave 2,&nbsp; you'll need 40 to 50% average view duration,&nbsp;&nbsp; 40 to 50% stay to watch. That tells YouTube : 'Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; people are actually watching this.' Get those numbers right and boom.&nbsp; Welcome to Wave 2. From 1.5 to 3K views.&nbsp; Now your video is being&nbsp; shown to a broader audience.&nbsp; To move forward, you'll need 60% plus&nbsp; average view duration, 60% plus stayed&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch, and a 3% plus like to view ratio. Hit those numbers and your video keeps getting&nbsp;&nbsp; pushed all the way to 12 12.5k views. Wave 3, the breakdown phase.&nbsp; From 12.5k to 25k views. This is where it all changes.&nbsp; Your short is now being pushed&nbsp; to a much wider audience.&nbsp; And if your stats aren't solid, it ends here. To survive wave three and go viral, you need&nbsp;&nbsp; 90% average view duration, 75% stayed&nbsp; to watch, 5% plus like to view ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at least 1% of viewers commenting. If you hit those stats, congratulations,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're now inside the viral loop. Here's an example from one of my shorts.&nbsp; At 12.5k views news. It hit the right stats and it kept exploding.&nbsp; But here's another one. It stalled at 25k.&nbsp; The stats decent but almost no comments. That's the key.&nbsp; so now you know exactly how&nbsp; YouTube shorts go viral.&nbsp; Got questions? Drop them in the comments. I reply to every single one.&nbsp; And hey, don't forget to subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpactYT [106 likes]: ###   Comments ratio (min 0.1%+, not 1%+)   ###

Try this for YouTube SEO🚀👇🏻  (YouTube Growth Tool)
 🔥→           https://vidiq.com/SpactYT                 👈🏻
(Use “spactyt” as a promo code to get 20% off your plan for 2 months)

"Audio is 50% of the viewing experience. Don't overlook it.''           
🔗 🔥 30-Day Free Trial: 
https://share.epidemicsound.com/fztheu  👈🏻🔥


                                                                                                                                   🔴Watch this (YouTube shorts crucial Benchmarks)  🔴 
                                                                                                                                          👉🏻  https://youtu.be/kzXX-X2WR4c  👈🏻
  2. @sfsspacewolf4832 [1 likes]: 1:08
  3. @NAWON0519: Can people here do really support  small content creators?
  4. @a.f.official06: Its not that hard to gain followers
  5. @CarissasGymnasticsComeback: This seems to make sense. I had a short with 164% average view duration and 80% view vs swipe ratio, and yet it stalled at 20k views. However, it had no comments!
  6. @Real-bed: i posted shorts around the same topic and 3 shorts in a row got 1.2k views ive only gotten 1k- to barly 10k view help pls
  7. @ceovickyyt: Hope we all grow guys!
  8. @polishedbyL: how do I get my metadata and stats up? my content doesn't get to the right audience
  9. @SpeedFix8360: Let's grow together
  10. @Tigervel: Damn, I was actually looking for this information thx for the info
  11. @JayGuy-j7k: Small creators gather here
  12. @mobilegameshouZe: Subscribe lets gather
  13. @HeeiroYT: I am trying to get a viral short on my channel and this will be extremely handy for a small creator like me. Thank you kindly good friend and I wish you best of luck with your content!
Liked and subbed ❤️‍🔥
  14. @thesuw: You will be a great creator, I prophesy.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  15. @NathanielEdwards-t7l: What can I do?my shorts a re stocked at 1.5k these days
  16. @M3L0N_PL4YS-MPG: Don't forget
Animations 🤓
  17. @foryou-g2p5c: We can do this guy's!!🔥
  18. @Dadoggodog: Small creators gather here🔥
  19. @Jcschannel6767: IM NOT A BOT YOUTUBE IM DOING THIS FOR SURVIVIABILITY
  20. @milito_elgato-z2y: Not so easy 😢

- YouTube Stopped Recommending Your Videos? Fix THIS now: Kind: captions Language: en if YouTube isn't recommending your videos it's obviously because something isn't working and right now it's holding your channel back but the good news is there's an easy fix so in this video I'll show you exactly what's stopping YouTube from pushing your content and how you're going to fix it now the first reason why YouTube isn't pushing your videos could be because you haven't fully optimized your account yet now a lot of people either forget to do this or simply just don't know this option exists and it's extremely common amongst new channels so when you set up a new account YouTube basically has no idea who you are or what you're about so naturally it's going to struggle to understand who to show your videos to but this is where Channel tags come in now I'm going to guess that most of your channels will look like this which might be the reason many of you are not getting any views whereas your channel should actually look like this so to find your channel tags go to Studio click on settings and then click on channel now it's essential you fill these out and be as thorough as possible because these tags essentially allow you to tell YouTube what your channel is about and who the algorithm should show your content to now you have up to 500 characters worth of info to give about you and your Niche you can either fill these out yourself using tags that directly relate to you your channel and your Niche or if you're struggling with what to fill out use a tag generator like rapid tags just to put your niche in here and then it will spit out some tags related to that Niche you can then put these in here and the algorithm will now know exactly who to push your videos in front of which is a really easy fix and so that brings us on to another method needed to optimize your profile which is your channel description now this area here provides a fantastic area for SEO optimization just like your channel tags it is 100% recommended that if your videos still aren't getting many views you need to make sure you fill this out correctly now again it basically just tells YouTube who you are what your channel is about and it will ultimately help the algorithm in showing your content to the Right audience now to access this head to YouTube Studio click on customization and then scroll down here to description now the best way to do this is literally just by describing what your channel is about describing the niche you want to go into and then adding some keywords in there too along with Channel tags having your description optimized as well will really help YouTube position your account within the right Niche and it will Aid it when it pushes your videos out from now on now the next three things I recommend you do to help YouTube recommend your content is actually to do with your upload process now firstly again this is similar to the channel tags but in this case it's specific to each video you post so when you upload a new video you're going to have to go through the entire process of adding titles thumbnails descriptions tags hashtags and all of that and every video you post should have its own unique optimization that is tailored to each video however to save time and to make sure each video optimization directly matches and Al lines with your channel I would suggest you need to complete your upload defaults like this too so again to access this click on settings then click on upload defaults now I always leave title free because obviously the title changes each time I do a new video but for the description I always include links to my socials first and then under there I have a two sentence long SEO section which includes my Niche keyword at least three times it reads this video is a travel Vlog in as part of our Lux travel series subscribe to our Channel if you love travel so in that the keyword travel was mentioned three times and then after this I'll have four hashtags all related to travel 2 so whatever Niche you're in you should make sure you do something similar include your Niche key word in as much as you can but make sure it's done naturally and organically like don't just like copy and paste the same word 50 times because that simply just won't work now after that I always set my visibility to unlisted first and down here I always have these filled out which are the video tags so every time I upload a new video all of these tags here will automatically be added to it so I don't need to go in and do them manually every single time now as you can see I've only filled up half the 500 character limit and that's because these tags are standard tags for my channel they are pretty much the same as my channel tags we did earlier but I will always leave space for video specific tags that will add later on for each video so make sure yours looks like this but for your own Niche then on advanced settings I always go in and turn automatic chapters off because I like to do my own video chapters as YouTube doesn't always get it right I always tick dubbing which gives YouTube the option to dub your videos and translate them into different languages and lastly I always leave comments on with no moderation okay so now another thing to consider is that YouTube might not be recommending your videos because you don't fully understand what content resonates with your audience yet it can be tough sometimes especially being a small YouTuber to know exactly what type of content works well and what doesn't but this is where a tool like tube buddy can actually be really helpful their new Niche insights tool allows you to compare your channel against your competitors in terms of views or subscribers like here I've got nine competitors in my Niche and within the leaderboard section it puts my channel up against theirs to see who's performing better but what's even more useful is this section here the content standouts this has basically analyzed every single video posted by all of my competitors and it's identified the best performers and this gives me a really useful insight into exactly what types of videos work well in my Niche like the best video so far is how to get out a small Channel Hell by my friend Nate black nearly 400,000 views and over 12 times better than his channel average or this one how to get more views in 2 minutes by Marcus Jones a million views which is 15 times better than his channel a average so now I can take these proven Concepts and use them on my own channel but whilst it's good to know what's doing well it's also good to know what isn't doing too well as well so we can stay away from that so here we have the low performance and this section is really important to keep an eye on because it shows exactly what types of videos you should stay well away from now if you want access to this information I'd suggest giving to Buddy a try you can get their Pro Plan for $6 a month which is really good value for money if you are interested guys link is in the description below okay so now that is your channel optimized and your upload defaults done too but there's two more really simple and easy tricks you can utilize for more recommendations and these two crop up during the upload process of each video now some of you will already have these switched on but some of you may not so let's quickly make sure you have so when you're uploading a video I always want you to make sure you have allow embedding switch on turning this on is a simple but powerful way to get free external traffic and boost your YouTube views now when enabled your videos can be embedded into blogs news sites forums and even social media Pages meaning people can watch them without needing to visit YouTube directly this increases watch time it improves your video's ranking and helps Drive in new subscribers however if you disable this setting it will block those potential views so always keep this turned on to maximize exposure and let the web help you and distribute your content for you and last but not least we have enabling places mentioned which is really good for both local and Global Discovery enabling this setting actually helps YouTube and Google recognize locations in your videos making them more likely to appear in local search results and travel related recommendations so if you mention a city or a landmark or a region YouTube May automatically tag it boosting visibility to users searching for Content about that specific place this is especially powerful for travel food events or Vlog Style videos as it increases the chances of appearing in Google search results as well now to do this I'll run through one of my best performing travel Vlogs here now this travel Vlog in particular was from Mumbai India so to benefit from this you always need to add the location of that place in the location setting here but also mention the location in your description as much as you can naturally like this but also in the hashtags and then down here in the tags too and then finally if you can in the title now I always used to include each country's flag in the title too just to help with that extra bit of SEO so by strategically optimizing and tagging specific locations you can attract both local and Global audiences bringing in more organic views without any extra effort now for those of you lovely bench that are still with me me and my team have been working tirelessly behind the scenes creating the best YouTuber Academy out there for 2025 it has well over 10 years of the best YouTube growth knowledge to help you guys hit your first 10 or 100,000 subscribers and I will also give every single one of you the opportunity to make money even if you don't have any subscribers yet it's going to have hundreds of lectures and hours and hours of videos on how to grow every single aspect of your YouTube channel and it will also have the biggest community of YouTubers all supporting each other so if you're interested in becoming a founding member of this Academy sign up with the d The Creator link below in the description now the academy should be released on the 21st of March so if you're watching this video after the 21st of March hit that link in the description and join my Academy I promise you you won't regret it thanks very much for watching I hope you enjoyed it I hope you learned something I guess I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [295 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Randomcontentstudios [1 likes]: But I do random stuff so I can't really use them tips
  3. @HEY-w3o: Any small content creators here for supporting each other?
  4. @SigmaSigmaMC: I haven’t grown in 3 months 😭🥀
  5. @JaypeeMahn-Jaypeerp6sx: Please I'm interested ❤all the way from 🇵🇬Papua New Guinea
  6. @PetstudioAi26: I’d like to ask for some advice—I started a new channel in January and posted 6 short videos, but then I stopped for three months. Now, I want to take it seriously and manage it properly. Should I continue using the current channel, or should I start a new one? I'm asking because the two videos I posted recently have very few views—less than 10 people watched them! 😂
  7. @SimplyCarol-rk2vy: Small YouTubers let’s go😊
  8. @Nature018enthusiast: 😮😮
  9. @Johntvy67: lets go
  10. @Scenic_Seeker: My shorts was stuck, I did few changes watching this video and helped me to get a sudden boost in number of views. Thanks Man.
  11. @IgorAndJane: Didn't know about channel tags. I learned something new from your video. Thanks 👍.
  12. @SimpleMelodicMovements: Nice information
  13. @Tik_Blaise_Official1: You are the best one
  14. @zahidexplain-v3r: So we should upload video in yt studio desktop mode?
  15. @souravbanik2009: Great information ❤
  16. @kamikaiju_8: Support...
  17. @Editor_Jke7: Small content creators here 😊
  18. @trexeIe: Wish me luck I just a new channel yesterday and it’s my first time
  19. @DamianCiortea: Im from mobile and I dont fucking now where the setting with chanale is
  20. @Manhwa-hub-j1e: YouTube is hiding my videos even when i searched for the videos titles it doesn't show up at all instead I get a message saying this title isn't available on YouTube

- How Much YouTube Pays You For 1,000 Views In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube shows ads on the videos that you upload at the beginning sometimes in the middle and at the end of your videos once you get 4,000 hours of watch time and 1,000 subscribers then you can join What's called the YouTube Partner program then YouTube will pay you a cut of the revenue and that's what we're going to be talking about in this video how much you actually make now I personally run a ton of different YouTube channels and I did some research into both my own channels and other people who've uploaded videos talking about how much money they make per thousand views and the answer is that channels make between $1 and $30 per th000 views so the average Channel based on my research makes $115.50 per th000 views but with that being said most channels from my personal experience only get around $5 to $10 per thousand views that you make now in order to make more money per th000 views you can do a couple things first of all you can create a channel and what's called a high RPM Niche now RPM is how much you actually make per thousand views and depending on the niche that you're in some advertisers pay more money to put ads on videos than others for example apple is one of the top advertisers on YouTube and they're likely going to be putting their ads on technology videos and Expedia is another one of the top advertisers and they're travel videos now here's a list of some of the highest CPM niches so feel free to pause this and screenshot if you want they include Finance make money online technology Health investing travel legal Insurance makeup marketing real estate Cars movies and DIY and tutorials but with that being said some channels in lower CPM niches can get more overall views some examples of low RPM niches include pranks scary videos gaming videos depending on the game that you're playing and general top 10 videos another way to make more money per th000 views is to create videos longer than 8 minutes then you can go to your YouTube Studio then go to content and then go down here and select any of your videos once you're monetized go down here to the monetization tab and then from here you can add multiple different ad breaks if you click manage mid rolls right here and you can put multiple different ad breaks throughout your video as you can see in this video right here since it's longer than 8 minutes we have 1 2 3 four ad breaks instead of just one if the video was shorter than 8 minutes and I recommend spacing out your ad breaks at least every couple minutes so it doesn't interrupt the viewing experience too much with that being said don't just make videos for the sake of them being long so you can put multiple ad braks because there's a trade-off if you make long videos without actually providing value so if you make a longer video make sure to only make it longer by providing in more value to the end viewer and remember value can be either educational or entertainment value and keep in mind videos at every length can go viral now I'm going to let you in on a little secret and that secret is that this channel that you're watching right now makes over $200 per th000 views now you might be saying Matt how in the world is that possible if channels typically only range from $1 to $30 per th000 views and let me let you in on a secret this is by selling a digital product with my channel which is my YouTube course tube Mastery and monetization and we we average around $100,000 per month with this channel whereas ad Revenue only brings in like $6 to 12,000 per month make sure to check out my video on 12 different digital product ideas that you can sell from your channel I go over a bunch of different digital product ideas that you could potentially use to make even more money for 1,000 views and link to that video will be down in the description below now let's break down how much YouTube channels could be earning this channel right here called chills uploads videos within the scary Niche and I'm using an extension called vid IQ to see how many views per month that they get so if I click this they're getting 6.5 million views per month now if we copy this number and open up a calculator I'll show you exactly how to do the math on this you take the number of views per month they're getting divide it by a th000 and this will show you how many thousands of views per month they're getting and then we multiply this by their likely RPM and in my opinion their RPM is probably $2 to $3 per th000 views so let's say $3 per th000 views since this is a little bit of a low CPM Niche this channel would be making about $20,000 per month and this channel called new money uploads videos in the investing Niche and related to finance and if we see how many views per month they're getting they're getting 1.9 million if we do that same exact calculation where we take this divide by a th000 and then multiply by their CPM which I would estimate to be around $ 20 to $30 per th000 views since investing make money online and finance is a really high CPM Niche let's say $20 per th000 views that means this channel would be making $309,000 per month and that's just from ad Revenue not counting if they sold a digital product so as you can see this channel could be making more money per month than that first channel we looked at even though it's getting less views this channel Tech Zone uploads technology videos and the channel pulls in 46 million views per month and if we do the same exact calculation but this time putting in an RPM of say $10 per would be making almost half a million dollars per month which is crazy and in this video I used RPM and CPM kind of interchangeably but RPM is how much you actually make per th000 views and when I say CPM I really mean RPM check out this video next to me right here to see some of the best niches to do YouTube in in my personal opinion and why they're the absolute best for making money on YouTube so if you want to make money on YouTube check out this video right here and I will see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Steve-tgTRUTH [1 likes]: I need help
  2. @tariqpathanediting [1 likes]: nice
  3. @Itsprobpz [1 likes]: JUST STARTED DO Y'ALL THINK IM DOING ALRIGHT?
  4. @venturabay [1 likes]: How did Matt know 3 years ago what YouTube would pay 2026?????
  5. @spinstreettv: you helped me so much
  6. @johnray1956: You make an interesting point, about add breaks. I am in the process of trying to get filming done,  If i plan my scenes around ad breaks, this would make it easier for filming.
  7. @djtedstyle: i have a video that has 88,393 views since May 2, 2017 and it stopped viewing and not making monmy why did  it stop and i didnt make any money
  8. @Oquadrinheiro: In Brazil, YouTube pays practically nothing. When my channel grows, I'll switch to creating content in English.
  9. @Oquadrinheiro: Here in Brazil we receive 35 cents of a dollar per 1000 views; 15 dollars would be utopian.
  10. @TheFatLossLabreal: Nice vidoe men
  11. @Wheelsandreels_TV: Small content creators here. let's grow together.
👎
  12. @factvault73: Ok so this video is 3 years old, yet title is referring to “2026”…. 🤔 🙄🤔🙄🤔
  13. @heydutchl34715: make a short viral video tutorial
  14. @Froggey-1: Why do you look like THAT
  15. @yonikab8066: How do I register to get money
  16. @maiadutch: I was tripping out when I came across this video today because of the title being for 2026, but it was posted 3 years ago lol. Bro either predicted the future or keeps changing the title :face-fuchsia-wide-eyes::face-green-smiling:
  17. @thinkwithaarya: 121 Subscriber 😢
  18. @S1lencer_r: well so that means when you got 1mviews you get like 10k?
  19. @andreeapopa2044: I cannot get over how you pronounce niche 😅
  20. @dadivderr3161: Please blink more, you make my eyes feel dried up 😂

- I Tried Copying a Viral YouTube Shorts Channel For 30 Days! (It worked): Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube channel generates 300 million views per month, and I want that, too. So, for the next 30 days, I'm going to be copying his YouTube shorts to see if we can blow up, too. So, the first step is picking a niche. The channel posts about memes. But the problem is, if I just steal his shorts and re-upload them, my channel won't get monetized, and even worse, could get taken down. So, instead of using random footage for the memes, I'm going to be using my own face to recreate that. This way, my videos are 100% original. So, I just created this brand new channel and I decided to call it MKT Brain Rod. But there is only one problem. The channel has no watch history and no browsing history. So, it's very likely that my first short will get stuck in the zero view jail, which usually happens with new channels because YouTube system might think that you're a bot. So, to fix that, you can go to your YouTube Studio settings, then go to advanced futures [music] and use one of the free options to verify that you're a human. I'd recommend to just create some channel history, but in this case, we don't have time for that. So, I use my own face to verify that I'm a real human. So, today I posted two shorts and both of them gained a bit over 1k views. This is a great start. Now, I'll see you guys tomorrow for day two. So, the next day, I decided to copy this short with over 90 million views. I edited the tweet, added my own reaction to it. After that, I posted it and hoped for the best. Okay, so it's been 24 hours now, and it looks like the short kind of blew up. Almost 40k views. It seems like my strategy is finally working, and I'm very glad my shorts are getting pushed instead of view. So, for the next few days, I'm going to be doing the exact same thing. Find a good short, record my own footage, copy it, and post. And it seems like that really worked. Yesterday, I posted three shorts, and both of them gained a decent amount of views. From this moment on, I was logged in. So, this time, I even posted four shorts. For day five, when I opened YouTube Studio, I was stunned to see how many views I actually got. Then, I took a moment to check my daily views. 30K, 18K, 16K, 40K. Not only was this a great debut-wise, but also short-wise because I posted a short that was really fun to create. From this moment on, I knew that I had to keep going because I still wasn't anywhere near Zdeck. [music] So, I finished the short, hit upload, and had big hopes for day six. On day six, I only gained 45K views. The short that I posted yesterday did decent, but when I started to take a close look at my channel, I noticed that most of my views were coming from this short that was secretly blowing up. So, from that moment on, my motivation hit an all-time high. Meanwhile, the views from our other shorts kept climbing really fast, too. So, it has been 1 week now, and in total, we almost gained half a million views. And today, we just hit our biggest day yet with almost 200k views. Now, I think you guys already know where these views came from. Let's take a look. The short is sitting at 170K views right now. This is amazing. If you're planning to start with shorts, too, then I'd always recommend to look at your competitor's best performance. Don't reinvent the wheel. Instead, try to copy those shorts with your own twist to it. Now, of course, I'm happy with these results, but we're nowhere near monetization yet, and there's still work to do. So, for the next 3 weeks, I'm going to lock in. So, it has been another week again. After last week, I was able to see what works and what doesn't. That way, I could use that data to double down on the content to make me even more viral short. Right now, the channel is sitting at 1.3 million views. From this moment on, my goal of getting monetized was getting closer each day. But there is only one problem. All of these views you're seeing right here don't actually count towards monetization. On shorts, YouTube only monetizes engaged views, which obviously is a lot less than your actual views. So, once I realized that, I felt pretty down, but I couldn't give up. In total, I posted 15 shorts last week, and I have to admit that this is my best week yet. I had multiple shorts with tens of thousands of views. Oh, and by the way, my best performing short surpassed half a million views. But, as you might notice, my view to subscriber ratio is terrible. And once I noticed that, I started to realize that I might just picked a wrong niche. Downside number one is that the audience you get in the brain niche is straight up worthless. It's mostly iPad kids that won't buy anything from the ads that YouTube puts in front of them, which results in a low RPM. And speaking of low RPM, if you just take a look at my average video length, it's pretty obvious that the second downside is my average shorts length. Because with a 5-second long short, the best you could expect should be a 1 cent RPM. Now, I did use some blast of music on my shorts, but that didn't really work out as I expected. So, what do I do now? Quit. I wanted to create this video to give you guys a valuable lesson because I wasted all of my time and effort to create shorts that I thought could make me thousands of dollars, but in reality it's nothing like that. Unless you get 10 million views a day with daily comments giving you hundreds of dollars, you won't make a single dime in this niche. So, the main lesson from this is to choose your niche wisely. If my goal would have only been to just go viral, I'd happily continue with these shorts. But my goal was to make money. So, this niche does not work for me. Now, this is what the channel looks like after 3 weeks. 1.4 4 million views, 1.5K watch hours, and only 165 subs. I'll admit, I went viral pretty fast, and it started off great, but I'd like to hear you guys opinion on this. Should I continue posting on the channel, or should I just quit and leave it? [music] It's been 2 months since I've recorded this video, and I've made a whole series about the full process of growing this channel. So, I'll put a playlist of that right here. Now, if you enjoyed this video, then I'd really appreciate it if you could subscribe because that way you won't miss out on new videos. Now, I really want to thank you guys for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zdak [176 likes]: A bit off-topic, but the editing on this video is fire 😳🔥
  2. @dingamc [2 likes]: Ts is actually crazy
  3. @awshum.mp4 [1 likes]: i did the same challenge lmao
  4. @FlashyShy [1 likes]: 20 k views bro lets gooo don't give man, I remember watching that video when you said you might but I believe in you!
  5. @SetingApart [1 likes]: Here’s the gospel of peace/ truth Jesus died on the cross for our Sins he defeated Satan and death so we could be together with him in heaven and he rose from the dead 3 days later if you believe this and confess this and accept him as Lord and Saviour we may have eternal life and he’s coming back too so we may not face death at all Jesus already told us about these days
  6. @Got_Rich_Official [1 likes]: I don’t make Shorts because I’m afraid they might hurt the delivery of my long videos, and my long videos are documentaries that take a lot of work to create. I produce them using a cellphone because I don’t have a computer
  7. @BoldReplay: Great video! So real and honest
  8. @Mr-Clutch-asin: ik ruik nederlands hahaha
  9. @YansenVids: Nice vid😊
  10. @MichaelGyan-y3l: Great strategy I do but am happy up to 1000 views will do me 👍
  11. @HerioesMan: how?!!!!!!
  12. @BingeAllDay: Ben je Nederlands?
  13. @lavveni: nd now m thinking to do the same thing😆
  14. @Godspower-motivation: Quit and leave it the subscribers is growing slowly 😢
  15. @atx19-y8k: bro first short is 150k but no one subs any tips
  16. @EXM_217: i’m not a bot youtube
  17. @iamvuvushxt19: Short jail is very annoying 😢
  18. @wolfeyeee: Time waste
  19. @TomHolland_reactzz: Thanks for 800 subscribe keep supporting guys 😢😢
  20. @JayTheNoobz: I think this one is not working anymore

- I Tried Copying Viral YouTube Shorts for 30 Days (Real Results): Kind: captions Language: en This YouTube channel generates 69 million views per month, and I want that. So, for the next 30 days, I'm going to be stealing his YouTube shorts to see if we can blow up our channel. So, the first step is picking the niche. They post about gym and fitness related content. And that's something I actually like in real life. But the problem is that if I just steal his YouTube shorts and re-upload them, my channel won't actually be able to get monetized and could even get taken down. So, I'm going to use a method that allows me to bypass the issue and still be able to monetize my channel while copying his shorts. All right, so we're going to start off with this account that I've actually had for a while. So, I have this channel over here. It has a few hundred subscribers I used to upload on it. It's an aged account and I do want to make a YouTube account out of it, like a shorts channel. The reason I'm using this old account, the same one I used to upload Minecraft videos back in 2024, is because older accounts usually perform better when you start posting shorts. See, when you create a brand new channel and upload your first short, YouTube often puts you in what people call the zero view jail. That happens because YouTube's system thinks you might be a bot. No watch history, no browsing history, nothing. So, if you're watching this at home wanting to start the shorts channel, just use your mom's account or that account you've had since middle school. And most likely, when you start uploading, you actually won't get zero view jailed. So, I did some brainstorming and noticed the YouTube shorts commentary niche is really starting to blow up. And the best part about this niche is that you can basically post any type of video you want. It's super easy to make and flexible. So, all that's left to do is come up with a name. I want to call it um TV or something like that cuz it's going to be gym content. And then make the profile picture and banner. I might make it a different one cuz I don't know if I like this one. What if we just make it silver surfers? Ooh, this is going to look cool as a overlay. There we go. That actually looks lit. So, now you're probably wondering, how are we going to upload the shorts without getting copyrighted and still being able to monetize my channel? You're posting a short video. No, I'm not reposting it. I'm basically taking this video and I'm rewarding it. I download the original video from this guy, so I'm going to edit my own version of it. And it's fully legal and it's fully transformative, so I'm fully going to get monetized off of this type of content. You can't screen record other people's videos, but you can remake them in editing software. Basically on YouTube, if you take a video and copy it fully and upload it, then you're going to get a copyright strike and won't be able to get monetized. But if you take the same video and just add your own sign, make your own cuts and add your own edits, then you're actually not counted as copying. So technically, this is legal and you can still get your channel monetized and start earning money. And this is what the channel looks like at the end of day one. See you guys tomorrow for day two. So, the next day I did the same thing, except this time I copied a viral video from this other fitness commentary creator. His name is Media Peak 14. And low key, I knew this short had potential because just look at it. I feel like I know why this short went viral. So, I went to the description and found the video on Instagram, made a killer script for it, and then generated a voice with 11 Labs. After that, I put it all together and hit upload. Okay, so it's the start of day three and we currently have 37,000 views from the last two uploads combined. I'm very glad my shorts are getting pushed instead of getting view jailed. Anyways, it was time for me to get to work. So, I started day three by spending the first 20 minutes just to find a good clip for the short I wanted to upload. I eventually found one using the help of one of my viewers. There's no way I can't find the video game. Should I just give up? I reverse image. Oh, you're right. Thanks, Cody, for the advice. Reverse image searching might be the strat. Ooh, please. Let's go. W Cuddy. When making a shorts channel, you need to really focus a lot of time on finding clips that you think will go viral. So, that's why every day I spent lots of time on this because I know YouTube isn't luck and that the right strategies will get you far. So, after I found the clip, I spent lots of time on the script. Someone in my chat said to use chat GPT, but honestly that's the worst thing you can do because AI is bad at making scripts and makes it sound too formal and doesn't add good storytelling. By the way, if you struggle with storytelling or scripts, I've got a course for just $8 right now. We even have competitions to win serious cash, plus new modules on making killer scripts and viral shorts. But once we hit 200 members, the price is going to $10. If you're interested, check out the link in the description. Also, for those of you who want direct help, I just opened up a few spots on my one-on-one mentorship. In it, I'll personally help you start earning real money from YouTube Shorts. We'll go through your content, your analytics, your scripts, and fix everything that is holding you back. I'm only 16, and from YouTube Shorts, I make $8,000 a month, more than all of my teachers, and it's completely changed my life. If you want to learn how to do the same, join the free weight list on the one-on-one mentorship down in the description. We drop a ton of free value in there every single day. Plus, in there, we're giving five free spots in the school community that I mentioned before this. Spots for the one-on-one mentorship will fill up really fast. So, if you're serious about locking in, join the wait list before it's full. All right, more about the course at the end of the video. But for now, let's get back into the video. After I wrote the script, I went to 11 Labs again and generated the voice. Afterwards, I went into Capa, edited the video, and hit upload. I'm lowkey very excited and curious to see what will happen to our views in these next upcoming days. So, all we can do is keep uploading and keep praying. On the start of day four, we doubled our views and we're getting close to 100,000 views. By now, my routine was locked in. Find the right clip, write a script, generate a voice, edit, and post. Every day, the same grind. I knew we were going to break out of that 30,000 view jail, and I was hoping it was soon. So, I posted the short and hoped this was the one. Day five started with checking our views, and I couldn't believe what I saw. My prayers were answered. So, this short right here, my second short is currently escaping the YouTube 30,000 view jail. I told you guys. So, it flatlined over here, but now it's starting to get picked up by the algorithm. This video is popping off. One of my shorts that I knew was going to break out of that 30,000 view jail was making its way to virality and was already at 60,000 views. So, I wanted to do something different today since my mood was better. I downloaded this video of a guy showing off his three-year gym transformation and started editing it. Low-key, this video was fun to edit and I enjoyed doing it. So, I would say day five was a successful day. Not just view-wise, but also my mindset was just in a peak moment, and I knew that better days were coming and coming fast. So, I finished the short, clicked upload, and had big hopes for day six. For day six, when I logged in, I was sad that our views had dropped. But then I checked the real time and realized all my views are coming from one short. It was the same short that had 60,000 views yesterday. It was climbing to 150,000 views and fast. For day six, I didn't feel like copying a short. I just spent lots of time scrolling through the YouTube homepage looking for something I could edit until I found a perfect video. It was a long form video of this female athlete who was attractive. And low key on YouTube, guys always be sing for girls. So, I could use this for my advantage to get higher retention and trick people into staying for my short. I know nothing about women's sports, but I wanted to make a script that was good. So, I took the video into Comb AI, not sponsored, by the way, and I turned a long form video into a transcript. After that, I used Chat GPT to simplify the transcript and then turned it into a killer script for my YouTube short. This time, I spent almost an hour just editing the short because I knew it had potential and really wanted it to blow up. It took so long, but it was worth it. I went to YouTube and then posted it. All right, so day seven is when everything turned around. That one short that was blowing up was now getting 100,000 views per day. Also, the post about the female athlete started blowing up as well. The engagement for it was really good, and it left the 30,000 view jail. So, for day seven, I did the same thing I did for every other day. I found a clip on YouTube, made a script, used 11 Labs to generate the voice over, then spent some time editing, then I posted it. So, you're probably wondering why I decided to take a 6-day break from tracking my progress every day. Well, actually, I was doing the same exact thing every single day, just finding clips, making a script, and editing them. I didn't want to bore you guys with the entire process, so I decided to skip to day 13. Anyways, day 13 is when my channel was actually starting to pop off, giving me 1.5 million views in the past 24 hours, and I was starting to see exponential growth in my graph. I was very happy and knew that if I continued, I could get this channel monetized in a matter of weeks. Also, one of the videos that I posted just 2 days ago was already at 400,000 views, and lots of other shorts were still getting pushed. One of my shorts that I posted recently actually got shadowbanned. I was confused as to why this was happening. So, instead of complaining, I locked in and started working on another short. I worked on a short that used the same strategy as the old ones that blew up. You guys know the saying, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. That's the thing with shorts. If you have a video that goes viral, I would just keep milking the same format over and over until the topic stops getting views. So, that's what I did and it worked for me. Let's skip to day 22. And you can see that my views are now 16.4 million. And it's because I found a format that worked and I stuck to it. If you guys are new to YouTube shorts automation, just try consistently posting high quality shorts for a whole month straight and see where that gets you. I guarantee that a few of your videos will blow up. if you're really improving on each upload and working on the quality instead of just spamming a lot of shorts. So, for day 22, I spent almost an hour making a YouTube short and worked hard on it, just like how I worked hard on every other short that I posted each day on this channel. You got to work hard and tried to make each short as high quality as you can. That's what I did to succeed and what I believe everyone should do. Anyways, we ended the day off with 1.5 million views in the last 48 hours, and we were already very close to getting monetized on this account. All right, so after day 22, I didn't really post as much because a lot of my videos were getting shadowbanned, and I just wanted to let the other videos play out and keep getting views to see if we can get to the 10 million engaged views we needed to get monetized. I think it's been like basically exactly a month since I started this channel, and we are officially monetized. If we go to the earn tab, we are using Short Speeds ads, which is insane. Like, we're going to be printing on this channel soon. I don't have my revenue yet cuz it's still processing. We're only going to see like our official revenue probably the day after tomorrow. We were actually able to hit it a bit earlier, but as you know, YouTube takes a bit extra time to process monetization of your channel, but we were actually able to get this channel monetized in exactly 30 days. Even with the view delay, we didn't get any revenue yet because it takes around 2 days for YouTube to start calculating it. So, let me know if you guys want to see part two where I show how much the channel earns me after a month of being monetized. Also, guys, really quick, I just want to thank you guys cuz my YouTube course just passed 100 members and right now it's only $8 to join and once we hit 200 members, the price is going to $10. To make it even more fun, I'm starting a cash competition for the top three people who make the most viral shorts in the community. So, you can literally make your money back and even way more. I also just added a new module on how to make viral shorts, plus one, getting fully monetized using the YouTube live stream method. That's actually how I got tens of thousands of watch hours and monetized one of my other channels in a month. It's super easy to set up and the whole process is automated. So, if you want to learn that step by step, make sure to join while it's only

  Top Comments:
  1. @OllexYT [10 likes]: Monetize your Channel in 30 Days With Me - 1:1 📈: https://go.shortmastery.com/93437ccf
  2. @Milowvc [9 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 🐯❤️🦁🦁❤️❤️🦁🦁❤️❤️
  3. @Nooberplayz-000 [1 likes]: Thanks for 3k subs dear family 🎉
  4. @BbNo-k4y: ❤
  5. @BigadaGonou: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 thanks bro
  6. @RanksHub1: i js started with this brand new acc should i sticj with it or buy a age acc
  7. @societyvishal: “I’m from India, but I work on a USA-targeted channel. I can generate voiceovers for my videos, but while editing, I don’t understand the English properly, so it becomes difficult to edit.”
  8. @quizpop_2m: I really fking love it
  9. @Wasiandawg: How do you guys rebrand a channel?
  10. @lz1176: All this video to click on the affiliate link below and to join the community 🤦‍♂️
  11. @UnwelcomedTV: Bro, this is really an informative content, thank you!
  12. @NextFusion12: This is so helpful thx btw❤
  13. @MarkJoee-f2j: Can I copy it
  14. @SkullyExplainsMoney: I love the video!
  15. @Goatj8: 7:37 broo 😂
  16. @pinnel123-d3u: monetize in 30 days is wild
  17. @pinnel123-d3u: good idea
  18. @Tuffguytimmy: Sick vid
  19. @Nishantxstory-n: ❤
  20. @Fittsyy: Thanks for all of these tips bro 😊

- How to ACTUALLY Go Viral with YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en in the last 3 months I've made over $50,000 posting YouTube shorts without showing my face now this might sound impossible but I'm not even the only one shorts are becoming a great way for people to make Bank from anywhere in the world and it's honestly 10 times better than posting long form videos see making long form videos requires you to have to sit down to make these 8 to 10 minute pieces of content whereas on shorts It's typically between 20 to 50 seconds and the amount of views you can get is like 10 times higher but the argument that a lot of people come back with is the fact that long form pays a lot more than shorts which is true but the fact that you can get so many views with shorts so easily completely destroys that topic see I have videos that I've posted that have gotten over 10 20 30 million views and literally took me a few minutes to make that ended up earning me thousands of dollars from just AdSense alone you're never going to see this on long form you could get a few million views make thousands of dollars but these videos are going to take hours and they're going to take time to learn how to make and then begin is also going to have like a 1% chance of making money on long form versus shorts I mean the fact that you also really need to spend like no money to make any of these shorts videos is insane the ROI is pretty much 100% it takes 2 minutes you make it on your phone and when you post it you have the chance of making hundreds of thousands of dollars every single time because shorts is now paying anywhere from 15 to 20 cents per thousand views which means a million views on shorts which is pretty easy to get is going to make you $200 like that and the fact that you can use these tools on your phone to make these videos instantly is the best part because the biggest thing everyone faces when starting businesses is the fact that it takes tons of time and shorts is one of those models that kind of solve that problem and thankfully it gives me time to play more Minecraft with the boys and there's even countless more arguments but now that you've understood why shorts are overpowered it's time to talk about how to actually go viral posting them and to do this I'm going to break down one of my most viral videos with over 90 million views which today would have made me at least $10,000 from a literal 30second video so these are three reasons why this video blew up and how you could do the exact same thing first was the retention this video had over 100% of the people watching the entire way that is an almost perfect video which gives me the indication that I produced it in the right way this is what you want to aim for when making your own content you want to be at least hitting 80% which means that 80% of the people watch your entire video on average the lower you have the less chances you have of going viral because it shows that people don't really like like what you put out and the way that YouTube understand how to push your videos is if people want to stay on the platform longer to watch them so before you put up your next video make sure you know it's something that people are going to actually want to watch I'm not trying to see a 30-second video of paint drying bro I'm not going to lie to you but retention is not the only thing you have to look at when seeing if your video is going to go viral because swipe rate is just as important see swipe rate is the percentage of people that have viewed your video versus clicked off of it when it comes up on their feed see unlike long form short videos don't have thumbnails so people get forced to watch your video and that can help or ruin you the reason being if someone gets forced your video and it's a good video they're going to watch it and YouTube just blessed you with another dollar but if they don't they're going to swipe away and that completely destroys your swipe rate on this video with over 90 million views the swipe rate was around 78% which is really good for a video with 90 million see the reason for this is when you have less views your swipe rate is usually going to be a lot higher and the number you want to aim for is around 80 to 85% when you're video really starts to blow up though it's going to slowly go down as more people watch your video which is completely normal swipe rate is made up of the intro and hook of your video those two need to be Banger and locked in for people to want to stay and continue to watch the rest if those are messed up then you're low-key cooked from the start I'm not going to lie to you but that's why you really need to put focus on those two a lot of people don't even know this stat exists which is crazy to me because it's one of the most important ones to telling if you're going to go viral in the first place or not so every time you post your video analyze your SW VI rate and make sure it stays above 80% minimum and that's a step closer and turning you to a short goat but the last thing that made this video viral is the idea see you could have amazing swipe rate and amazing retention but if your idea sucks nothing's really going to happen the reason for this is because it needs to be appealing to tons of people if there's only a thousand people in the world who enjoy videos around pencils and I make one of those videos and have amazing stats there's only really a cap of a thousand people that are going to watch it but if I choose an idea that's appealing to me millions and millions and I get good stats on that one then I'm going to get paid enough to book a trip to Hawaii so make sure you choose your ideas very wisely and that they can appeal to a very large group of people but now that I've analyzed that video what do you need to do in order to get yourself a channel that's going to make you at least $5,000 a month with shorts well it's pretty simple and it all starts with finding your right Niche short form audiences are generally pretty similar someone who watches Tik Tok has a high chance of enjoying similar content on YouTube shorts and the reason I know this is because the method I'm going to talk about now is taking a niche that works on another platform and bringing it over to yours this has been done multiple times over by a lot of the biggest channels in the space now for example the Reddit stories see Reddit stories originated on Tik Tok and are a massive Trend to this day and they continue to make people thousands but what a lot of people including myself saw in this Niche was that if it was working on Tik Tok I would take a chance to see if it could work on YouTube shorts and that's what I did by making a Chan channel on this platform and so did others and the results we saw were insane millions of views and thousands and thousands of dollars from a completely different platform that enjoyed the same type of content I basically got this Niche handed to me in my hand for doing absolutely nothing but just scrolling on Tik Tok and this can be done so consistently there's probably so many niches out there that people are doing on Tik Tok that are making money if you're able to go and find that bring it over to YouTube and maybe change or tweak one or two things for shorts BR you go a m printer fam so when you go find your Niche try this method and let me know how it goes but after you found your Niche this next step could be the deciding factor whether you get views or not and that might sound overd dramatic but it all has to do with upload frequency see a lot of people think that uploading more videos means you're going to get more views when on shorts that's really not the case YouTube has a massive problem dealing with AI and robots right now so the thing that they don't want is for people to act inhuman and the way they detect this sometimes is by seeing if people spam post videos on their channels this used to be a glitch back then where people would post thousands of Minecraft videos a day and print millions of subscribers but they stop that and to prevent that from happening again they sometimes flag channels that post quite a lot which is why the biggest thing I could recommend for you to not hit that zero view glitch or get stuck in a weird Shadow ban would be to post one video a day don't worry you're not going to lose out on views because you're not posting more a lot of my friends posting videos that are making thousands of dollars like myself stick to this rule as well and if you want to experiment do it for a day or two and if you see it doesn't work go back bro and even if this doesn't fix your zero view glitch I usually give my channels a 15 to 20day testing period because a video can pop out of nowhere even if you're stuck at zero views just like my friend fed who literally followed my exact advice and his channels now on a route to making thousands of dollars just because he didn't stop but before I continue I know from the hundreds of messages I get on a daily basis what you you guys really want is a step-by-step system taking you through the process of starting making and running your channels from A to Z all the lessons and strategies from someone like myself who does it at the highest level on a daily basis so I have some insane news for the last 6 months I've been working on the best short form program on the Internet it's a full mentorship and course that shows you everything from start to finish on how to go from zero to making over $5,000 per month minimum posting short form content on YouTube and the most exciting part is that I literally have a guarantee which ensures you that we will get you to $5,000 per month within 90 days of this mentorship I've even brought on coaches to the team that each make multiple five figures per month posting faceless YouTube shorts and are literally there to be your onetoone support specifically for you any questions private calls all that good stuff I go in so deep here that there's a whole module around rewiring your brain before you even start as well as advanced monetization methods that has already gotten one of my students an over 60 Cent RPM I'm not even joking that is a real number which means for every 100 million views he gets he's going to make around $50 to $660,000 the results literally speak for themselves so if you're serious about this click the link in the description below to apply for the mentorship I'm so excited about the results we're going to produce out of this program and I know a ton of people's lives are going to change because I've witnessed firsthand how insane these strategies can be so I'll see you guys on the other side of the portal

  Top Comments:
  1. @Daniel [39 likes]: Claim 60 Done-For-You YouTube Shorts 👉 https://gateway.ytportal.io/framelabs
  2. @Justfooty-2 [2 likes]: I like your videos
  3. @FIZ-CO-7 [1 likes]: Big fan broo ❤❤
  4. @ImsorryMen-m5o: I started this channel because of you! I love the way you explain everything man💪💪💪
  5. @JordanTee-Shorts: Dope 🎉
  6. @LoonySeconds: part 3
  7. @c5ftbl: I got 390k this month i maybe with your steps maybe millions in a couple of months thanks bro
  8. @Thephan_fam: Thanks
  9. @austin-h9t9j: hi
  10. @angelvizcainoo: Sounds so easy that I don’t believe it 😂
  11. @BabouMind: This video was great ❤🎉
  12. @dropPOV05: “Master, I learned so much from this video! 🙌 I’m from the Philippines and I’m a new YouTuber — your content really inspires me to keep improving. Salute!”
  13. @andrzzj: Guys can we do teamwork? I only have 7subs😢
  14. @PengTrades: I love how you use the bird eye view hook and you also used the but and so strategy!!
  15. @awdhshsingh: This was so well thought out.
  16. @FlipPhilly2K: I’m doing 2 channels right now.

I’m getting anywhere between 1-2,000.00 views every time I post. 

Any advice ?
  17. @CtPioquinto: So glad I watched this.
  18. @purrfectvault: Bro I have a short video titled This cat is risher than most humans with 63.8% audience retention and 83.1% stayed to watch and 0:22 average view duration and the video is just 35sec long,but why it's not go viral it's completely plot after hitting 10K views,why bro?
  19. @TerleKurtz: This was fun AND informative.
  20. @ArchvTV: ... I Agree

- What really matters at the end of life | BJ Miller | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Well, we all need a reason to wake up. For me, it just took 11,000 volts. I know you're too polite to ask, so I will tell you. One night, sophomore year of college, just back from Thanksgiving holiday, a few of my friends and I were horsing around, and we decided to climb atop a parked commuter train. It was just sitting there, with the wires that run overhead. Somehow, that seemed like a great idea at the time. We'd certainly done stupider things. I scurried up the ladder on the back, and when I stood up, the electrical current entered my arm, blew down and out my feet, and that was that. Would you believe that watch still works? Takes a licking! (Laughter) My father wears it now in solidarity. That night began my formal relationship with death -- my death -- and it also began my long run as a patient. It's a good word. It means one who suffers. So I guess we're all patients. Now, the American health care system has more than its fair share of dysfunction -- to match its brilliance, to be sure. I'm a physician now, a hospice and palliative medicine doc, so I've seen care from both sides. And believe me: almost everyone who goes into healthcare really means well -- I mean, truly. But we who work in it are also unwitting agents for a system that too often does not serve. Why? Well, there's actually a pretty easy answer to that question, and it explains a lot: because healthcare was designed with diseases, not people, at its center. Which is to say, of course, it was badly designed. And nowhere are the effects of bad design more heartbreaking or the opportunity for good design more compelling than at the end of life, where things are so distilled and concentrated. There are no do-overs. My purpose today is to reach out across disciplines and invite design thinking into this big conversation. That is, to bring intention and creativity to the experience of dying. We have a monumental opportunity in front of us, before one of the few universal issues as individuals as well as a civil society: to rethink and redesign how it is we die. So let's begin at the end. For most people, the scariest thing about death isn't being dead, it's dying, suffering. It's a key distinction. To get underneath this, it can be very helpful to tease out suffering which is necessary as it is, from suffering we can change. The former is a natural, essential part of life, part of the deal, and to this we are called to make space, adjust, grow. It can be really good to realize forces larger than ourselves. They bring proportionality, like a cosmic right-sizing. After my limbs were gone, that loss, for example, became fact, fixed -- necessarily part of my life, and I learned that I could no more reject this fact than reject myself. It took me a while, but I learned it eventually. Now, another great thing about necessary suffering is that it is the very thing that unites caregiver and care receiver -- human beings. This, we are finally realizing, is where healing happens. Yes, compassion -- literally, as we learned yesterday -- suffering together. Now, on the systems side, on the other hand, so much of the suffering is unnecessary, invented. It serves no good purpose. But the good news is, since this brand of suffering is made up, well, we can change it. How we die is indeed something we can affect. Making the system sensitive to this fundamental distinction between necessary and unnecessary suffering gives us our first of three design cues for the day. After all, our role as caregivers, as people who care, is to relieve suffering -- not add to the pile. True to the tenets of palliative care, I function as something of a reflective advocate, as much as prescribing physician. Quick aside: palliative care -- a very important field but poorly understood -- while it includes, it is not limited to end of life care. It is not limited to hospice. It's simply about comfort and living well at any stage. So please know that you don't have to be dying anytime soon to benefit from palliative care. Now, let me introduce you to Frank. Sort of makes this point. I've been seeing Frank now for years. He's living with advancing prostate cancer on top of long-standing HIV. We work on his bone pain and his fatigue, but most of the time we spend thinking out loud together about his life -- really, about our lives. In this way, Frank grieves. In this way, he keeps up with his losses as they roll in, so that he's ready to take in the next moment. Loss is one thing, but regret, quite another. Frank has always been an adventurer -- he looks like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting -- and no fan of regret. So it wasn't surprising when he came into clinic one day, saying he wanted to raft down the Colorado River. Was this a good idea? With all the risks to his safety and his health, some would say no. Many did, but he went for it, while he still could. It was a glorious, marvelous trip: freezing water, blistering dry heat, scorpions, snakes, wildlife howling off the flaming walls of the Grand Canyon -- all the glorious side of the world beyond our control. Frank's decision, while maybe dramatic, is exactly the kind so many of us would make, if we only had the support to figure out what is best for ourselves over time. So much of what we're talking about today is a shift in perspective. After my accident, when I went back to college, I changed my major to art history. Studying visual art, I figured I'd learn something about how to see -- a really potent lesson for a kid who couldn't change so much of what he was seeing. Perspective, that kind of alchemy we humans get to play with, turning anguish into a flower. Flash forward: now I work at an amazing place in San Francisco called the Zen Hospice Project, where we have a little ritual that helps with this shift in perspective. When one of our residents dies, the mortuary men come, and as we're wheeling the body out through the garden, heading for the gate, we pause. Anyone who wants -- fellow residents, family, nurses, volunteers, the hearse drivers too, now -- shares a story or a song or silence, as we sprinkle the body with flower petals. It takes a few minutes; it's a sweet, simple parting image to usher in grief with warmth, rather than repugnance. Contrast that with the typical experience in the hospital setting, much like this -- floodlit room lined with tubes and beeping machines and blinking lights that don't stop even when the patient's life has. Cleaning crew swoops in, the body's whisked away, and it all feels as though that person had never really existed. Well-intended, of course, in the name of sterility, but hospitals tend to assault our senses, and the most we might hope for within those walls is numbness -- anesthetic, literally the opposite of aesthetic. I revere hospitals for what they can do; I am alive because of them. But we ask too much of our hospitals. They are places for acute trauma and treatable illness. They are no place to live and die; that's not what they were designed for. Now mind you -- I am not giving up on the notion that our institutions can become more humane. Beauty can be found anywhere. I spent a few months in a burn unit at St. Barnabas Hospital in Livingston, New Jersey, where I got really great care at every turn, including good palliative care for my pain. And one night, it began to snow outside. I remember my nurses complaining about driving through it. And there was no window in my room, but it was great to just imagine it coming down all sticky. Next day, one of my nurses smuggled in a snowball for me. She brought it in to the unit. I cannot tell you the rapture I felt holding that in my hand, and the coldness dripping onto my burning skin; the miracle of it all, the fascination as I watched it melt and turn into water. In that moment, just being any part of this planet in this universe mattered more to me than whether I lived or died. That little snowball packed all the inspiration I needed to both try to live and be OK if I did not. In a hospital, that's a stolen moment. In my work over the years, I've known many people who were ready to go, ready to die. Not because they had found some final peace or transcendence, but because they were so repulsed by what their lives had become -- in a word, cut off, or ugly. There are already record numbers of us living with chronic and terminal illness, and into ever older age. And we are nowhere near ready or prepared for this silver tsunami. We need an infrastructure dynamic enough to handle these seismic shifts in our population. Now is the time to create something new, something vital. I know we can because we have to. The alternative is just unacceptable. And the key ingredients are known: policy, education and training, systems, bricks and mortar. We have tons of input for designers of all stripes to work with. We know, for example, from research what's most important to people who are closer to death: comfort; feeling unburdened and unburdening to those they love; existential peace; and a sense of wonderment and spirituality. Over Zen Hospice's nearly 30 years, we've learned much more from our residents in subtle detail. Little things aren't so little. Take Janette. She finds it harder to breathe one day to the next due to ALS. Well, guess what? She wants to start smoking again -- and French cigarettes, if you please. Not out of some self-destructive bent, but to feel her lungs filled while she has them. Priorities change. Or Kate -- she just wants to know her dog Austin is lying at the foot of her bed, his cold muzzle against her dry skin, instead of more chemotherapy coursing through her veins -- she's done that. Sensuous, aesthetic gratification, where in a moment, in an instant, we are rewarded for just being. So much of it comes down to loving our time by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the very thing doing the living and the dying. Probably the most poignant room in the Zen Hospice guest house is our kitchen, which is a little strange when you realize that so many of our residents can eat very little, if anything at all. But we realize we are providing sustenance on several levels: smell, a symbolic plane. Seriously, with all the heavy-duty stuff happening under our roof, one of the most tried and true interventions we know of, is to bake cookies. As long as we have our senses -- even just one -- we have at least the possibility of accessing what makes us feel human, connected. Imagine the ripples of this notion for the millions of people living and dying with dementia. Primal sensorial delights that say the things we don't have words for, impulses that make us stay present -- no need for a past or a future. So, if teasing unnecessary suffering out of the system was our first design cue, then tending to dignity by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the aesthetic realm -- is design cue number two. Now this gets us quickly to the third and final bit for today; namely, we need to lift our sights, to set our sights on well-being, so that life and health and healthcare can become about making life more wonderful, rather than just less horrible. Beneficence. Here, this gets right at the distinction between a disease-centered and a patient- or human-centered model of care, and here is where caring becomes a creative, generative, even playful act. "Play" may sound like a funny word here. But it is also one of our highest forms of adaptation. Consider every major compulsory effort it takes to be human. The need for food has birthed cuisine. The need for shelter has given rise to architecture. The need for cover, fashion. And for being subjected to the clock, well, we invented music. So, since dying is a necessary part of life, what might we create with this fact? By "play" I am in no way suggesting we take a light approach to dying or that we mandate any particular way of dying. There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there. Rather, I am asking that we make space -- physical, psychic room, to allow life to play itself all the way out -- so that rather than just getting out of the way, aging and dying can become a process of crescendo through to the end. We can't solve for death. I know some of you are working on this. Meanwhile, we can -- We can design towards it. Parts of me died early on, and that's something we can all say one way or another. I got to redesign my life around this fact, and I tell you it has been a liberation to realize you can always find a shock of beauty or meaning in what life you have left, like that snowball lasting for a perfect moment, all the while melting away. If we love such moments ferociously, then maybe we can learn to live well -- not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @deisycastellanos3819 [1 likes]: Ayudenle a mejorar su calidad de vida y que sea feliz ❤
  2. @brichardson131 [1 likes]: One minute in and you run an ad for an electric car from Toyota. Have you no decency?
  3. @annpettit8837: wow tears...well done sir
  4. @priyankaarjun: ❤
  5. @nancybaez7240: Wow  God Bless him.  So peaceful, so kind, so full of life..
  6. @1abracadabra11: let death be what takes us not lack of imagination.   Beautiful Thank you
  7. @WadingIntoRetirement: Very powerful.....
  8. @lucykraal2225: Your eyes make me wanna 😭 God bless you and your family ❤
  9. @faceious2006: The only thing that will matter ar the end of your life is that you voted for Donald J Trump.
  10. @Gina-x5j: He is so authentic ❤,  it is the little things of life
  11. @milesreading9585: Yawn …. What are you talking about???
  12. @pakababy3710: Your snowball story moved me. When I was hospitalized over Christmas in '95 for 11 days due to a ruptured appendix causing peritonitis, some girl scouts came in and gave me a Christmas "card" made of popsicle sticks and Christmas wrapping paper. I can't tell you how much that small gesture meant to me at the time.
  13. @MichaelNewman-c5b: Why im a jewy Buddhist.    Rock steady good Doctor, great Being!
  14. @Dynamoe1836: His teary eyes tell me everything I need to know, and that I already know.  And we all do too.
  15. @jonredd650: In the end with really matters 😢
  16. @savithpanamgama2107: Poetry
  17. @nala3038: In the end, it's not about how much time we have... it's about what we do with it.
  18. @FruitByCake: Here listening in 2026
  19. @ChomitiBura: From suffering we can change 
Really bro i never think about it really
  20. @ChomitiBura: We need this kind of people

- How social media influences the mental & behavioral health of children age 13 to 17: Kind: captions Language: en Teenagers are using social media in a plethora of&nbsp; really positive ways. There are groups, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; clubs out there to address anything that a teen&nbsp; has interest with. I see a lot of kids facing&nbsp;&nbsp; challenges with depression, anxiety, and they're&nbsp; able to connect. I think it's incredibly important&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're using social media appropriately. We're&nbsp; seeing teens architect their Instagram photos&nbsp;&nbsp; using filters to create images that are&nbsp; not aligned with who they really are,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they're generating likes. It's a social&nbsp; currency and it's addictive. Sometimes teens&nbsp;&nbsp; make bad decisions and they can post things&nbsp; on social media that they don't realize&nbsp;&nbsp; that exists forever, as adults. Employers look at&nbsp; social media and what are you posting on there?&nbsp;&nbsp; Kids aren't thinking about those kinds&nbsp; of things. So we do want to supervise&nbsp;&nbsp; our child's social media usage. Simply asking&nbsp; them what their social media represents,&nbsp;&nbsp; the values that they want represented and to&nbsp; ask them about the content that they post.&nbsp;&nbsp; Why is it important? What's interesting about&nbsp; it? Coming from a place of genuine, authentic&nbsp;&nbsp; interest, right? Not concern, just interest.&nbsp; We start that conversation. We keep it open&nbsp;&nbsp; ended. We keep it consistent. We check&nbsp; in often and we invite that conversation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aabetterworld [46 likes]: The good all days when the most you could do was play with friends, read books,do chores and still have spare time left and you were happy. Newer generations will never know what mental freedom is like.
  2. @John83118 [11 likes]: This material is avant-garde. A similar book I read was equally forward-thinking. "A Life Unplugged: Reclaiming Reality in a Digital Age" by Theodore Blaze
  3. @simonewilliams7224 [7 likes]: Simply don’t give them phones or unsupervised TV time.
  4. @jesterplays983 [6 likes]: Age 13 to 17?
Heck my lil cousin who's 6 is already infected with this Brainrot stuff on the internet.Its like a virus
  5. @r.morris5589 [5 likes]: Social media, cell phones, and the internet are the new smoking, drugs and alcohol.
  6. @MagicalLeia [4 likes]: I believe that social media is making kids not being kids like if you look at teens now, they look like adults! What’s happened to childhood?
  7. @soniyasinha3496 [4 likes]: IMHO, the risks outweigh the benefit. connecting through social media groups cannot really help people with subclinical or clinical mental health issues. In fact I have seen some alarming information and advice given by social media support/special interest' groups. Many groups are driven by $$$$$$$ and the desire to gain more visibility. 
Why not form a better relationship with your child so you can talk directly to them and not via social media? How can strangers give sound advice without knowing a person's life circumstance?
  8. @ViralConfessionsOfficial [2 likes]: This is so important! Gotta protect our kids from the TikTok brain rot lol. 😅
  9. @Pie_8_7_4 [1 likes]: Garbage. It's destroying children. Never trust the people that make lots of money from sickness.
  10. @RegalLoki [1 likes]: I really appreciated how the video highlighted both the risks and the positive sides of social media use, that neutrality was refreshing. The idea of likes acting like social currency really stood out to me. It explains a lot about why teens feel pressure to curate their image.
  11. @teortega93 [1 likes]: I know that many social media platforms face this issue, but in the case of Threads, it’s currently overrun with kids under the age of 13. I don’t understand why the administrators or moderators of that app/platform/social network aren’t doing anything about it — even when these under-13 users are openly posting pictures of themselves and clearly stating that they’re under 13.
  12. @stevestarscream5182: Social media is a poisonous cancer… social media mental illness in kids is through the roof
  13. @SwankyOs: I like how positive this video was about social media, usually you’ll see an alarming video about how social media is portrayed as a bad thing but it was great seeing how in the beginning of the video, it was thought of as a platform and and a tool to utilize for communities and positive engagements.
  14. @CelinaParnell: Can this be used as my audio artifact?
Topic:depression 
Subtopic:The impact of social media
  15. @selocan469: Miss, it is grown ups who make bad decisions... I dare say more often than "sometimes". For teenagers, it is way worse
  16. @gracr.023: social media is bullshit
  17. @michaelbedford2993: It taught me just how deep the shallowness of humanity goes. The few practical things coming out of social media makes me wonder where the trillions are coming from if not finding out for toys r us what colour kirby your kid is most likely to buy.
  18. @cmlmonstar007: Socia media should be 18+
  19. @يومياتيمعأسرتي-ش5خ: Thanks 😊 👍
  20. @r.morris5589: There is nothing positive about the internet. It was design for information gathering, which is what I use it for, schooling he kids. Social Media stuff causes people to spend all their time online and not wit family or the real world.

- Make An Impact - Inspirational Video: Kind: captions Language: es-419 Todos los audios, videos, películas y canciones usados están en la descripción Ben Lionel Scott presenta Una vez que estemos en nuestro lecho de muerte No te preocuparás de cuánto dinero alguna vez tuviste O cuánto poder tuviste, Ni del prestigio Verás que todo fue un juego, que todo fue una ilusión La única cosa que importará es El impacto que hiciste en la vida de otras personas Todos estamos en caminos distintos Haz un impacto Pero lo más hermoso acerca de nuestra vida en la Tierra Es que en mi funeral No van a hablar acerca de mi éxito Van hablar acerca de quién fue Nick Y cómo Nick vivió Y cómo Nick amó Y alentó El éxito es muy importante Pero algo aún más importante que el éxito Es crear un impacto Es saber que no has estado en la Tierra en vano Es saber que porque has estado aquí Has bendecido vidas y has ayudado que personas crezcan Y has hecho de este mundo un lugar mejor El efecto que haces en otros Es la cosa más valiosa que existe Todo lo que ganaste en la vida se destruirá y desaparecerá Y lo que quedará de ti Será lo que estaba en tu corazón La vida es un espejo Y la vida no nos da lo que queremos La vida nos dice quiénes somos Cuando nacías tu lloraste mientras que el mundo se alegraba Vive de tal manera, que cuando mueras El mundo llore Mientras tu eres felíz Suscríbete para más videos inspiradores y motivacionales Subtítulado por Samuel Sánchez

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenLionelScott [52 likes]: Download this video and audio version by subscribing on PayPal, plus early access to all new videos and more. First month is free! Cancel anytime.
Sign up & more info here: http://benlionelscott.com/subscribe
  2. @LaurenMichelle2026 [1 likes]: ♾💓♾
  3. @keithedwards9498: After we die, our family will walk into where we lived and all the stuff that we worked so hard to collect, that we spend time and effort in our lives, some to the cost of everything else, and they will look at it all and say what are we going to do with all of this junk. 
Life is not about the things we collect, it about the people we collect around our lives to the point they feel
More valued than anything else.
  4. @RavinderSingh-ft5dw: Superb
  5. @asnnew24: “This video doesn’t just inspire, it creates impact. 💯”
  6. @kingbowser6991: When you’ve realized your expiration day you won’t care what ppl said about you either you’ll care If you chased you goals and dreams and put in the work.
  7. @happygwenzi5181: Thank you
  8. @motivation_club7: Hello friend. May I translate and publish your channel videos in another language?
  9. @derekwhite7634: life is a vapor! Don't waste it on nonsense!!
  10. @jackieanderson9408: 👍🏿
  11. @aryanchadha3894: amazing editing, which software do you use? @BenLionelScott
  12. @ForestViVu: great video
  13. @theresiliencedoctor001: Thank you so much for preparing this great message and sharing it!
  14. @Elizabeth4JesusAmen: That is the most powerful video i've ever watched.
  15. @mariamakorede6537: Powerful message.👏👏👏
  16. @kjhoops673: This video is so inspirational and it makes us better people and grow ❤️
  17. @SafeSpaceInc: ♥
  18. @SwordoftheSavior: Nonsense, impact on others lives means nothing if you don't share Jesus with them. The only thing that WILL matter at the end of our earthly lives is whether or not we know Jesus as Lord....period.
  19. @mohsinsayed7254: I am in Recruitment work for US market . I am a manger of small team of 10 members.

It's been few years with the startup now again the situation we did not get placements ...there is slowness in client response our efforts is there.
The candidate does not respond sometime no interview I hope we get through this situation bcz no placement no income for company tricy business sometime can give a lot sometime it's always sturggle
  20. @johnchun370: 2:07

- Social Media, Social Life: Teens Reveal Their Experiences: Kind: captions Language: en I check my phone a lot more than I can count I check it usually when I wake up in the morning before school on the bus ride to school during school a couple of times each class at lunch probably check-in a break and after school walking home doing homework I'm constantly checking my phone until I go to bed I have definitely been emotionally affected by social media maybe even depressed but it's hard to say which causes what sometimes sometimes when I'm sad I like to communicate with my friends on social media and that really makes me feel less lonely I never really feel depressed or anything like that just because there's always somebody to talk to and always somebody that's there for you that's kind of a good thing about social media on social media you can talk to people but like you can't really get your emotion across I sometimes wish that it wasn't a thing so I could just hang off my friends and play basketball or do other things like that after getting my phone in-person interactions it's been replaced by text and calmed FaceTime yeah I do my homework my photos normally next to me and I definitely do check it and sometimes I get sidetracked [Music] if my parents saw some of the things that I saw on social media I think they would be very shocked I've heard racist and sexist comments in comment sections there's a lot of bullying obviously that goes on online which is horrible they will comment something rude with language that is offensive and people make it very personal and hurtful they just want to invalidate you and your feelings I don't really wish for the days when I didn't have my phone because it just it gives me so much like stuff that I cherish the thing I love most about social media is to stay connected with my friends over spring break I broke my phone and I didn't have for a week and everyone thought I was dead it was just so impossible to contact me I like to make artwork and write and so sometimes I'll use that as a platform to display my art I think I really enjoy social media when I am discussing issues with like-minded people or talking about things I'm very passionate about I think it's a mixture of everything that's on social media that makes it so cool there's like this snap shows there's snapchat streaks it's just something that's like a habit to do when I get on my phone it's something new it's always exciting it keeps your attention and that constant turnover of adding new things definitely contributes to the amount of time people spend on it

  Top Comments:
  1. @NOORSINGH-n1p [1 likes]: sono il primo italiano ha commentare qui sotto  e un record
  2. @leovaladas5886 [1 likes]: Juste un mec chilll qui regarde ça en cours
  3. @sergentyin7347 [1 likes]: Merci aux sous titres
  4. @JorjaLafontaine [1 likes]: Hi guys, jorja lafontaine here ! this was a great video.
  5. @Li-fy5hx: Anyone's here because of the hw😭😮‍💨
  6. @alsa-y3f: 😂
  7. @NainaHazarika-o8n2o: A good amount of this comment section is here for school


...
















ME TO BRO! 😔
  8. @seancraven-tf6ec: That’s unfortunate that they do this constantly ……Good parents would put limits on their phone use
  9. @flicksmlbb9156: I am from Indonesian
  10. @DraedybStacey: Sigma
  11. @Chahid-u2y: Good vidéo
  12. @Chahid-u2y: Good vidéo
  13. @francoislor: guys what the heck man, everyone subscribe right now!
  14. @m0nsterlil-: j’ai la mole devant le documentaire
  15. @todi-cq4hn: Merci
  16. @Pedromyman1: Kids need to get out and play/mix with their peers instead of spending time staring at their phones.  It is a phenomenon which is simply exploiting young people to make phone companies rich!  Adults too can be just as addicted.  You see the ridiculous ‘phone zombies’ plodding along with their phones stuck on the end of their noses!  I wonder how many people have fallen down holes or walked into posts staring at their phones?  Get a life people!!!
  17. @ItzRonda101: I'm here for an sba😊
  18. @John83118: This is genuinely extraordinary. I read a book with a similar theme, and it was incredible. "The Joy of Less: A Minimalist Living Guide" by Matthew Cove
  19. @McKayliAnnessia: Boring I am
  20. @McKayliAnnessia: I'm always on social media

- how to create a killer youtube video (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en this is how to design and create a killer youtube video to blow up your channel because one or two or three killer youtube videos have the potential to dramatically change your channel forever look closely because many creators got their big break because they had just one great video go viral but what makes a great video what do these successful creators know that we don't is it the camera they're using is it the editing software do they have better equipment obviously they know something we don't and we need to figure it out because the fastest growing creators in the world know how to blow up their channel which is three or four killer videos good news for us it's actually quite simple and it doesn't require any fancy equipment or film school experience because the process great creators use to design and create killer youtube videos follows a couple steps and this video will walk you through all of them practice this regimen daily for three months and your youtube channel and your life might change dramatically if you're new to the channel welcome because you're home and to be honest we need you subscribers to this channel are youtube creators making the world a better place with their videos and the world needs your positive influence as a creator before you ever touch a camera you need to plan your video and figure out why people will click on your video in the first place because nothing feels worse than if you film edit you make the highest quality video in the world it's funny it's hilarious it's beautiful it's literally perfect except no one wants to click it this likely means your video was an uninteresting idea ooh that sounded way harsher than i expected for example here is one of youtube's featured rising creators take a look at these videos they've done and which one has way more potential to get over a million views and to blow this channel up is it the one about dog park friendly rules in yosemite or is it the one about how they moved full time into an airstream one of these applies to like maybe a thousand people in the world while the other one appeals to a much bigger audience or what about this yoga channel which video has more potential to get over a million views is it ankle mobility exercises or is it going to be yoga for men one applies to a much smaller audience than the other or let's look like a filmmaker channel same question which video has way more potential to blow this channel up and get it thousands if not hundreds of thousands of new subscribers before you ever even think about touching a camera or an editing software do you see how important it is to have a killer idea in the first place but we usually skip the part about coming up with a great idea and just go straight to filming and editing right don't be afraid to spend days or even weeks coming up with killer video ideas because literally anyone with a killer video idea and the skills to execute it will blow up for years when i've worked with youtube channels they always are so concerned about oh how do i publish every week or even every day what most of them never realized until we worked together is that one killer video will outperform 10 average ones you can get way better results with way less effort and just a month ago mr beast literally confirmed the exact same thing with joe rogan livingston video with million views and 30 million views the video with 30 million views usually didn't put in 30 times the effort like they might have put in two or three times the effort and just had a way better idea does that make sense yes and so the idea is so freaking important like you could theoretically most youtubers watching this you could pull triple the views with half the work if you just have better ideas like no joke it's that extreme and so once you realize how important an idea is you just obsess over well how do i get more ideas how to get better ideas for me i sketch out ideas on an app i made called planner vid that way i can take a step back and ask are these killer video ideas does this feel like a 100k subscriber channel listen to that intuition and feel it compare your channel to other successful channels in your niche and note the differences if you're like me when i started youtube you probably had an idea in your head got your camera filmed it edited it uploaded it to youtube and then you realized oh yeah i guess i need a title and a thumbnail so you scrape something together pretty fast and slap it on youtube because after all you made a great video so the title and thumbnail they're not actually as important as the actual video right here that's a self-centered way of creating youtube content you're thinking like you not like your audience look your viewers don't see the great video behind the click all they see is a title and thumbnail that's all they have to go off of if they are intrigued no one will click and your video will get like 12 views all from you smashing the refresh button speaking of smashing buttons now would be a good time to well you know the rest whereas most of us creators will create our title and thumbnail the very last part the best creators in the world do it very first look mr beast and mark roberts start with a title and thumbnail they know that if they can make a killer tnt they know their audience will want to click on that guides their filming editing everything start with the title and thumbnail instead of doing a last so what makes a great title here are some common titles we often see youtubers make life update how to succeed in life if you make a life update video that only applies to a maximum the number of current followers you have so if you've only got 800 subs that life update video is only going to potentially be interesting to a maximum 800 people for a killer video that can blow up your channel we want a video that can interest and intrigue up to 8 million people alright so let's tweak this title just a little or a lot junior software engineer and youtuber a typical day in my life do you feel the difference here do you see how this can appeal to like at least a million people now sure maybe it's still a life update in a lot of ways and stuff but change that title and you can appeal to so many more people now this video on the other hand is way too general and broad and unspecific and it doesn't intrigue me at all let's change it up what to do when you fall short of your goal motivational do you feel the difference in that video these aren't just titles anymore these are killer titles with the potential to blow up a channel now time for the other half thumbnails because you're not creating just a title and you're not designing just a jpeg image you're creating one whole title and thumbnail designed to create interest and intrigue for the viewer to want to click i like to sketch thumbnails on a paper or an ipad alongside a title that way when it's time to pick up a camera or photoshop i already know exactly what i want to create and i'm constantly keeping that holistic view of the video rather than just its individual parts so take a look at these average thumbnails and then compare them with these super successful thumbnails what's the big difference how come people are clicking these thumbnails instead of these ones it's not image quality or aesthetic my guess would be to take a look at the title and the thumbnail as a whole these two thumbnails are just restating what's already in the title there's no like additional interest or intrigue to want to click these two thumbnails on the other hand complement the titles there's a simple title that interests me and the thumbnail creates intrigue yeah i'm interested in a million dollars and i'm intrigued because did noah just go up to random doors and ask i'm interested in learning how to survive falling from a plane and i'm intrigued because i thought the answer was to keep your legs straight keep your legs straight when you hit the water i'll keep my legs straight spike but by stating what i should not do the thumbnail is implying that it does know the answer so now i'm double intrigued i'm gonna click on both of these videos because i'm interested and intrigued here unfortunately i'm not interested in the confusing title nor am i intrigued by the thumbnail that i can't really tell what's going on and this video i'm interested in because i never thought jpeg was horrible and now i'm super intrigued because oh my gosh is that the image quality difference i have to click and learn what i've been doing wrong all these years interested intrigued when planning my title and thumbnail one exercise i like to do is i like to close my eyes and for several minutes i'll keep my eyes closed while envisioning myself going to click on a video to watch it what's making that video feels so intriguing to me that i'm going to click and watch it what is the title and thumbnail of that video i'm seeing and when the title comes to me i type it out and draw out the thumbnail i see and that works about 50 of the time if when i type out the title it just doesn't look right or doesn't feel right to me then i just go through the same process again once you're like 90 sure that your idea and your title and thumbnail are killer then you can get on to actually making the video scripting is what i spend the most time on and when done properly it will make filming and editing easier here's the template i use when scripting and there's a google doc below that you can make a copy of depending on the type of video you're making there's generally three questions that will guide your scriptwriting process when you answer these three questions effectively you can write a killer script if you're making an educational or tutorial video always ask this question first what do you want the viewer to do to get them the result they're looking for then what do they need to feel emotionally to take that action then finally what does the viewer need to know for example when making this video my goal was for you the viewer to make a killer youtube video to blow up your channel and to practice and then you need to feel inspired that you can make a killer video that you can turn your motivation into momentum to do and to feel those things you need to know the minimal process to plan script film edit and grow now i will constantly refer back to these answers that i wrote down because every single line of my script needs to somehow point back to these answers and if it doesn't it gets cut if i were making a gardening tutorial video man i'm really into gardening lately maybe my do feel and know would look like this or if i'm a gaming channel showing off the best speedrun tactics and legend of zelda my do feel and know would look like this if you're making an entertainment video then these are the questions you'll ask instead what's the big interesting idea of the video what does the viewer need to feel while watching then finally what does the video need to include to be entertaining for example if i was writing a script for davey 504 here's how i would answer the questions for him or if i'm isaiah photo here's how i'd answer these questions these answers will guide your entire script writing process every single line of your script should somehow point back to these answers the first and most critical section of the video is the hook and intro too many youtubers think an intro means a branded video sequence look there's a reason netflix lets you skip intros nowadays no one cares intros for the most part just satisfy the ego of the creator they want some fancy brand and intro that helps them feel legit the first seconds of your video need to create congruency between the title and the thumbnail in the intro look the viewer clicked on your video hoping for something so if you can give them exactly what they're expecting from your title and thumbnail odds are they will like and watch your entire video all of that is decided in your hook and intro see how mr b starts this video there's total congruency between the title and the thumbnail and the intro or how isaiah photo starts his video again total congruency between the title and the thumbnail and the intro in the first three seconds of your video you want the viewer to think this is exactly what i was expecting hi it's uh it's me john the editor and so i was sitting here editing this video about to publish it before i realized that for this hook and intro i forgot the most important crucial thing you should know about a hook and intro if you were to do this thing it would ruin your whole youtube career never ever start your hook and your intro to your video like this sup guys welcome back to the channel so glad you're here but first i would just love and appreciate it if you could hit that like button and that subscribe button just it just helps me so much basically just on here for people to help me and now i've wasted about 30 seconds of your time and i haven't helped you i've just asked for you to help me this whole time all right so hopefully that was obvious as to why you should never start your hook and intro like that because why don't instead you figure out what can i give to someone else instead of just trying to focus on you the whole time now i'm going to get back to editing this video so that way you guys can see it very very soon during or after script writing make notes to the site of each section of what visuals you want i typically categorize visuals like talking head close-up punch in on-screen text type animation or whatever makes sense for you realize you'll need multiple revisions and drafts your first draft of your script is not going to be so great but it's so much easier to come back and edit something that's already there rather than trying to get it perfect on your first try this is my biggest struggle but i'm seeing little improvements in myself as i let go of perfectionism and learn to just get out a rough draft without being critical the first draft takes the longest for me but then the second and third drafts take a fraction of the time the more time you spend scripting the less time you'll spend filming and editing there are a thousand greek tutorials on youtube showing you how to film with a phone or a dslr or a gopro or whatever so i'll focus on principles filming should go really fast because now you have a shot list or you're about to i take all the visuals from the script copy and paste them into a spreadsheet then group shots by location i keep this spreadsheet with me when filming then everything goes fast and efficient show don't tell whenever possible use visuals instead of your words for example too many amateurs film a vlog like this good morning so i woke up and then i got a shower and then i brushed my teeth and then i made breakfast i am here about to start my day i'm so glad you guys are here and make sure to hit the like and subscribe button because really it just it just helps me out so much and whatever you could do to help me i would just love that so much you're just chronologically telling us what's happening watch this great example of show don't tell from sam kolder now midway through the shoot i had the idea to add in a match cut sequence focused on the lens of one of the phones so i had built a little custom wooden rig to hold the phones together and captured footage of the phone in a bunch of different locations i ended up loving the final look of it and i'm stoked that i ended up following through with that idea see how sam didn't have to explain where he was going instead of telling us he showed it andre jake makes videos about finance nothing is more boring than numbers and facts and statistics unless you're a nerd like me which is why every single statistic is reparated visually by andrei and broken up occasionally with funny camera stuff think of every possible creative way to show your story start paying attention to other youtubers and what angles and methods they use and just have fun with it hopefully if you did your script right beforehand this filming part went super fast for you editing is one of the most vital parts to any video and along with coming up with the killer idea and a killer title and thumbnail pacing is absolutely critical to a killer youtube video to blow up your channel because when you click on a video what's the only reason you'll stop watching only if it was boring in other words the pacing is off the viewer lost interest and now the viewer is clicking the back button pacing is even more important for youtube than it is for like big screen movies in the theaters because if you pay money to watch a movie you'll sit through it even if it starts to suck but for youtube if i'm bored or uninterested for even like five seconds i'm bouncing and watching something else re-watch your edit over and over and over and over again and pay attention to where you get bored or lose focus those are usually the parts that need to be re-edited or cut completely every single second of your video needs to somehow add value to the viewer lengthy 10-second branded intro cut it out unnecessary dead space cut it out to write is human but to edit is divine why take 20 minutes to get your point across when you can effectively do it in five every story is collapsible to some degree if you can't cut out 10 percent you're not trying very hard i know there's bits of the video you so badly want to have in there but if it doesn't contribute to the point of the video cut it out look even for me there's bits of every video that i make that i think is the greatest thing in the world but here's the thing these videos aren't about me these videos are about you so every single line i say and every shot i show is designed to help you believe in yourself you can make great videos if you want it and you want it badly your youtube success it doesn't depend on where you're from it doesn't depend on how much money you have it just depends on can you get someone to click on your video and to watch or enjoy your whole video i know this may seem like a lot when you first attempt it and it may feel hard so if there's anything you should take away for how to design and create a killer youtube video to blow up your channel it's killer idea killer title and thumbnail and perfect pacing take your time to get these things right and get better results with less effort no long-term goal is sustainable unless you enjoy it the only reason i consistently go to the gym go for long runs eat a healthy diet say prayers and read scripture every morning and keep making youtube videos is because i enjoy the process if planning and creating a youtube video is miserable for you you're not gonna stick with it and if you enjoy the journey and process of designing and creating killer youtube videos you're already a success you don't gotta wait for some future arbitrary subscriber account you're already a success right now the subscriber count yeah that'll come later so to help design and create killer youtube videos i made this web app called plannervid i'm using it for my own channel too and i've got lots of videos planned but what do you guys think of these upcoming videos and the last video got 1700 likes which is nuts so do you guys think we can match that again

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yustimm2 [59 likes]: thanks for the cool ideas, i totally need to test them! btw what editing programm do you use? i get used to edit in movavi recently
  2. @LeftoutLevelup: Who is a new creator on youtube and here in 2026?
  3. @100PercentNearEnough: You think the only reason to be on Youtube is to make money! That is sad, and what's wrong with the internet.
  4. @DinieneBicalhoDine-p9e: Dinedimier
  5. @kairi-41: 4:07
-1 subscribers LOL 🤣🤣🤣 I actually laughed out loud
  6. @ciaio: "Killer idea" - commences to show examples of completely mediocre ideas.
  7. @sephora.valberg: Thank you so much for this video ! I learned so much in just 17 minutes 👏🏾👏🏾
  8. @revstevemwangi673: daniel
  9. @Ships_Cat311: If this guy says "killer video idea" one more time I might just do it. lol
  10. @anzoxbs: He has 75k subs with 16 videos
  11. @Jamigam: Some other guy on YouTube Said you should let someone Else edit your video, But i think in the beginning is better to do it yourself to learn was works etc, what u think?
  12. @oussamaboufous6182: Fun fact: At 10:45, many people left the video when he was acting out how you shouldn't start your videos, which actually proved his point.
  13. @Chyros_1: I just created a YouTube page and now I get it!!!!
  14. @ayaazahmaddd: We need a video on how to get killer ideas even if it's our first video
  15. @reyanshhhhhhh: Ngl plannervid is pretty shit website
  16. @Mad-Scientist-Creations: its not quality, camera, expensive computer, editing. its only the subject of the video and how quickly u deliver it. mr beast makes video about winning huge money without working, of course all kids wana watch that..
  17. @nicolette984: This video was very helpful in learning Youtube content creation! Thank you
  18. @HistoryFails-m4y: Thanks for the great video
  19. @carlamarongiu81: temo che per l'intrattenimento, essendo da sola e senza aiuti, sia più difficile....
  20. @carlamarongiu81: sarebbe possibile mettere il doppiaggio in italiano?

- You're Using Claude wrong... How to Make Viral Videos with Claude: Kind: captions Language: en Faces channels are blowing up all over YouTube. Take this channel for instance, which has only four videos, over 5,000 subscribers, and over 600,000 views in the last 2 weeks. It's easy to understand why they're blowing up when you see that you can now create viral monetized content for practically nothing. The crazy part is some of these channels are generating thousands of dollars per month. There's a new system using Claude and Higsfield that makes creating entire videos from start to finish as simple as a few basic prompts. I created this video in 30 minutes. Here's a small section from it. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. Because every morning in cities of 100,000 people, citizens would walk to their windows, lean out, and just empty everything they made overnight straight into the street. I'll show you how to get set up, how to create videos on autopilot, and exactly how much this 5minute viral video cost me to make. because it's one thing to make thousands of dollars from these videos, but if they cost thousands of dollars to make, well, that just doesn't make sense. In a bit, you'll see that it definitely makes sense. So, first, let's get set up with Claude and Higsfield. Open Claude on your computer, then go to the bottom left, click on settings, then connectors, and add custom connector. In the name section, you can put Higsfield. And in the MCP URL section, you can just put what I put here. You can also find this link in the description. Then, hit connect. It'll redirect you to your Higsfield account and all you have to do is hit allow. If you then click configure, you can change when Claude can use Higsfield's tools. I just left them as follows and had no issues when generating. Claude will sometimes ask you for your permission before generating images and videos, which is great as we don't want images and videos just firing off randomly and using our credits. So, we're now set up. Let's follow a step-by-step workflow to creating our full video. The first thing that I did was ask Claude to generate a stickman image character that we will use as the face of our new channel. I also attached a reference. By the way, if you'd like a document with all the prompts that I used in this video, go ahead to the description and you'll find that document. You can use this to follow along or copy and paste these prompts if you want to generate some things for yourself. While Claude and Higsfield created Sticky, our main character for our brand new YouTube channel, I simultaneously started working on the script. In my prompt, I gave Claude some context of the new channel that I was creating. I then asked for a five minute script optimized for YouTube. I then gave Claude some initial catchy ideas from viral references I found on YouTube. I did this because your ideas are often times the most important factor for success. See them as the backbone of virality. So, giving Claude some necessary context from YouTube of what's already working will help you get that virality a whole lot faster. I then also explained that we'd be using our stick figure as the character and finally asked it to generate some script ideas and titles before we actually get into the script generation. From this, Claude generated some genuinely intriguing ideas. How did humans survive before electricity? What would happen if all the bees disappeared tomorrow? And my favorite, which is the video we created, how did the ancient cities deal with all the poop? Then just tell Claude which idea to generate the YouTube optimized script for. Let's go with idea number four. Going back to our character generation chat, Higsfield has designed our sticky character. Now, these are all great. I asked Claude to create our pose library as per its recommendation. Our pose library is something that's going to help with different character angles or poses that our character is going to make, ultimately leading to much better character consistency. After this, our script was now complete, and honestly, it was incredible. But most importantly, YouTube optimized. It added this hook section, which I thought was incredible. So, with our script being done and our pose library being done, I went to the pose library chat and asked Claude to download all of those poses directly onto our computer. With our character done and our script done, this is where the magic actually starts. In the same Claude chat where we generated the script, I uploaded the pose library from my computer and asked Claude to use them in the Stickman video. I also said add any environment or extra detail to the stickman to help explain the scenes and keep them interesting. Claude then asked me what I'd like for my first generation. It was trying to understand if I wanted to go full steam ahead or start slow to lock in the styling. I just told it to generate stills for each scene. In a few minutes, my entire storyboard was done. Check out how incredible these images are. So, honestly, these were fantastic, but there was something missing. It only generated 16 images for me. And that's too few for an entire video. But now with the style confirmed, I asked Claude to create images for each shot of our script with a max duration of each image being only 7 seconds. I also asked it to generate the images in the order of the script. This is so that I could download all those images, drag them into our editor, and the sequence would be done. Claude then generated the first scenes images and asked if it was on the right track. I really like this because there was one thing that actually needed changing. I didn't want some of the images just to be black and white, but maintain that mixed illustration visual styling like the storyboard. From here, honestly, it was too easy. Claude generated all 50 images while I worked on my next video. From here, Claude wasn't able to directly download all 50 images onto my computer. So, what I did was I went to Higsfield, batch selected the images that pertain to our first video, and downloaded them. I imported them into Caput, and guess what? All perfectly in order of our script. From here, I just recorded my voice over under my blanket. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. You could do the same thing by just pasting your script into Higsfield's voiceover tool. Then I added some music and our video was done. Just like the references that are blowing up all over YouTube. So before I dive into exactly how much this entire video cost me to make. This is only one use case. I took this product image, put it into Claude, and asked Claude to develop a full marketing plan for this product image. From here, I said, "Use this marketing plan to develop content in imagery and video for our product." I had all my marketing content for the next few weeks with two prompts. So, the actual cost to generate this 5-minute faceless YouTube video, Higsfield charges four credits per Nano Bonano Pro 4K generation. We generated four character hero images and nine pose library images. This is 15 generations in total. We then generated 16 storyboard or kind of directional images. And finally, we generated 50 final stick figure animations that we used in the video. 81 images in total, which times 4 is 324 credits. At $125 a month, you get 6,000 credits, which equates to 2 cents per credit. When we times 2 cents by 324, this comes to a final price for all of the images and the entire video of $648. So, let's quickly check this channel with four videos. We can confirm that yes, ads are displaying and they are monetized. They've got four videos on their channel, which costed roughly $26 to make. And with the viewership that they've gained, they've generated about $1,200 in the last two weeks. $26 in a couple of hours, $1,200 made from their videos. But it doesn't actually end here. We still need thumbnails for our videos. We want the entire thing to be packaged pretty much on autopilot. So what I did was now that Claude had the context for the script and it knew the visual direction of our video, I simply wrote a prompt. Claude, please generate me some thumbnails for our video. with a simple prompt, three optimized thumbnails ready to go. So, let's summarize exactly what we made in less than an hour, all inside of Claude. We generated a brand new character and developed his pose guide. We then generated a YouTube optimized script, which is actually interesting, and used that script to generate our entire content library. We brought that library inside of Caput, and our images were perfectly in sequence, so we didn't need to reorder them. And then from there, we generated three thumbnails that we could use using YouTube's test and compare feature. If you're not signed up for Higsfield yet and you want to get involved in this automation faceless YouTube game, check out Higsfield. There's a link in the description. With our character setup, Claude understanding exactly how we like our visual direction and our YouTube scripts and Higsfield prep for mass production. Creating an entire new video would take a fraction of the time. Half the time was just spent building that initial visual and channel direction. Now that that's done, we just hit play on mass video production. In ancient Rome, you could legally be sued for getting hit by a bucket of human poop. Because every morning in cities of 100,000 people, citizens would walk to their windows, lean out, and just empty everything they made overnight straight into the street. And Rome was the clean one. Here's the problem nobody warns you about when you build a city. The average human produces around 150 g of waste per day. Multiply that by the population of ancient Rome, roughly 1 million people at its peak, and you get 150 tons of human waste every single day. Now imagine you have no flushing toilets, no sewers in the neighborhoods, no bin collection, no idea germs exist, and summer is coming. So how did ancient cities not just drown in it? For most of human history, this wasn't a problem. When you live in a group of 40 people, you walk into the bushes, you dig a hole, and you're done. The earth handles the rest. But around 5,000 years ago, something broke. Humans started living in cities. Thousands of people, then tens of thousands, then hundreds of thousands. All eating, all drinking, and all processing. Suddenly, the bush and hole strategy collapses. There are no bushes, there's no soil, and there's just stone. your neighbors and a rising tide of human output. Every great civilization had to solve this and the solutions ranged from genius to insane to genuinely tragic. First stop, the Indies Valley around 2,500 BC, modern-day Pakistan. These people did something nobody else would do for another 4,000 years. They built private toilets in every house connected to the covered drains running through every street flushed with water from their own wells. To put that in perspective, Victorian London 4,000 years later, was still dumping raw sewage into the tames. The Indies Valley had a better sewage system than most of Europe did in the industrial revolution. Next, Rome, famous for the cloa maxima, the great drain. A sewer so big you could sail a boat through it. But here's the twist. The sewer only served the rich. If you lived in an apartment block, which most Romans did, you used a public toilet, a long stone bench, no walls, no privacy, 20 strangers sitting in a row having a conversation. And toilet paper didn't exist. You used a stick with a sponge tied to the end, shared by everyone, rinsed in a bucket of vinegar between uses. This is, by the way, where the phrase getting the wrong end of the stick may come from. Now we go to medieval Europe and everything Rome figured out gets thrown away. When Rome fell, the sewers fell with it. For the next thousand years, most European cities had one strategy. It was called guardilu from the French guard, meaning watch out for the water. You'd shout it from your window, then you'd throw your chamber pot into the streets. This is genuinely why high heeled shoes were invented. Not for fashion, to keep your feet out of the river of human waste flowing past your door. Streets sloped down the middle into a central gutter. When it rained, that gutter became a brown stream. When it didn't rain, it became something much worse. And this this is where the black death came from. But here's the part nobody talks about. The poop wasn't actually the thing that killed people. The poop was just the messenger. The real killer was something invisible. Something every ancient city was accidentally doing. And none of them realized until one doctor in one city finally connected the dots. 1854. A cholera outbreak is killing hundreds of people in a single neighborhood. Everybody blames bad air. One doctor, Jon Snow, doesn't buy it. He walks the streets. He asks every grieving family one question. Where did you get your water? Every death traces back to one water pump on Broad Street. And underneath that pump just a few feet away, a leaking cesspit full of waste from a baby who had died of cholera the week before. The poop in the streets, in the gutters, in the rivers, it had been leaking into the drinking water for thousands of years. That's what killed Romans. Jon Snow ripped the handle off the pump. The death stopped and modern sanitization was born. Today, we flush a toilet and we never think about it again. But every time you do, you're using technology that took humans 5,000 years. A few hundred plagues and one stubborn doctor with a map to figure it out. The Indies Valley got it right first. Rome got it half right and forgot. Medieval Europe paid the price. And the modern world only works because somewhere along the way, somebody finally asked, "Where does it all go? So, next time you flush your toilets, appreciate it. It's the most underrated invention in human history. If you want to know how humans survived a problem even bigger than this one, watch this next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @petermolvaier [8 likes]: It is an illusion that the videos on the channels you exemplified were made in 30 minutes; if you check their style compared to your style, their style is more unitary — your generated images feel like they were made in 30 minutes
  2. @geankg7896 [2 likes]: All the channels of this kind has been now demonetized,
  3. @anastasiiaalimetova5910 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  4. @lemapp [1 likes]: Fun historical detail: at Disney World’s Magic Kingdom in Liberty Square, that brown strip down the street is meant to represent how waste would run through the center of colonial-era roads.
  5. @impressivwarmup22: Best
  6. @bretebey: Aren't these all the type of videos that youtube is demonitizing?
  7. @abigballtv: I don’t think it’s right that you DIDN’T mention this was a sponsored video. Higgsfield seems to be doing this with a lot of creators, but I honestly expected more transparency from you.
  8. @NoNetworkWithKatya: Wow, crazy, sounds too good to be true! Nice video and great story! Was the script also written by AI? And does doing the voiceover under a blanket have some effect?
  9. @tripityourself: I thought YouTube wouldn't monetize videos heavily using AI
  10. @overtime3345: I like your editing style
  11. @buldzzz: Awesome, thanks!
/
  12. @PjAyzB: Hi Matt, question. Can you make one of this viral captions edit from Capcut, I will wait if you create this like video that I'll be sharing. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocabkg01KBw&list=PLiM4yTqh8gIPpUqocF95iNjIV2zYXCElE&index=12
  13. @RetroMotion20: haha faceless channels are not blowing all over the youtube thy all are getting banned or most of them this type of content is becoming very dangerous because you can get demonetarized there are 100 of cases even channels with 500k followers getting demonetarized
  14. @normalguy-j9t: Who tf gave you 6000 credits its 3000
  15. @fragrancewithdev101: Been trying to connect claude to HF for weeks and it doesnt work lol.
  16. @TheReadingHour: Hire me I'll give you result like a pro you definitely like it if its animated
  17. @squashi96zalen57: dang 125 bucks/month is a lot for sub
  18. @heredosali327: Wow amazing
  19. @HSNEditLab: Bro Hire me I am a Capcut video editor
  20. @tissletti: incredible

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- How I Actually Write Viral Scripts: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a professional YouTuber,&nbsp; script writer, and ginger with six,&nbsp;&nbsp; seven years of experience writing viral video&nbsp; script, getting millions of views. And today,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll reveal my secret five-step framework that&nbsp; guarantees viral dude. What is this? What? It's&nbsp;&nbsp; the hook. 95% retention. Keep going. You're about&nbsp; to tell them about the framework. I I don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; a framework. Yeah, don't worry. That's why&nbsp; I put the most viral scripting videos into&nbsp;&nbsp; chat GBT. This is literally what works. Just&nbsp; keep reading. Hey, do you want the views or&nbsp;&nbsp; not? I think I want All right. To use my brain.&nbsp; Hey, that took me like 30 seconds to generate. Okay, let's try that again.&nbsp; This time, no secret formulas,&nbsp;&nbsp; no manipulation techniques, just&nbsp; how I actually write my scripts. The biggest mistake to make while scripting a&nbsp; video is just opening a blank page and scripting.&nbsp;&nbsp; No matter how much you know about your topic,&nbsp; if you start writing without a plan, you'll go&nbsp;&nbsp; all over the place. At least that's what usually&nbsp; happens for me. So before you write a single word,&nbsp;&nbsp; you got to build a foundation. Starting with&nbsp; obviously you got to have a solid idea to begin&nbsp;&nbsp; with. It's a completely separate video topic, so&nbsp; I'm not going to dive deep into that here. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; find something interesting for you and for your&nbsp; audience. You can find it from video comments,&nbsp;&nbsp; other YouTubers, Reddit posts, or just have a&nbsp; spark while you're on the toilet. I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; use this video that you're watching as an example&nbsp; to show you the entire process. So, yeah, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be a weird script. Let's go. Most people&nbsp; skip it and wonder why the video feels off. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what does that mean? Well, why do the viewers&nbsp; click on your video and why are you making it?&nbsp;&nbsp; For this tutorial, your goal is to well, learn how&nbsp; to write a viral script. And my goal is to write&nbsp;&nbsp; a viral script while teaching you how to write a&nbsp; viral script. That's pretty aligned, right? But&nbsp;&nbsp; let's take a random guru video. Your goal is to&nbsp; learn how to make money. But the guru's goal, sell&nbsp;&nbsp; you their overpriced course. They don't match.&nbsp; That's why what they say feels fake. You can sense&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Something's not right. I just can't prove it.&nbsp; So, if you don't find your common goal with the&nbsp;&nbsp; viewer, no matter how many fancy storytelling&nbsp; techniques you use, the script's going to feel&nbsp;&nbsp; weird. Now, the secret sauce for my scripts.&nbsp; Every good script has a surface problem and&nbsp;&nbsp; a deeper problem. It's what takes a script from&nbsp; a regular video to your video. In my case, sure,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm breaking down how I write scripts. That's the&nbsp; surface. But what's the deeper problem here? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's not give spoilers for now, but remember&nbsp; this deeper problem concept for the end of the&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Let's see if you can figure it out before&nbsp; I say it. But if you've watched my videos before,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might have seen the pattern. This video&nbsp; is about making viral shorts. But the deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is about having patience. This one&nbsp; about editing cool videos. Deeper problem,&nbsp;&nbsp; perfectionism. And this is about me trying to&nbsp; have a shorts channel. The deeper problem is&nbsp;&nbsp; having determination. It may seem unnoticeable for&nbsp; a regular viewer, but subconsciously these are the&nbsp;&nbsp; things that make your video stand out among other&nbsp; videos. So think about this for your next video.&nbsp;&nbsp; Find the emotional struggle underneath the&nbsp; technical problem and write it down as well. Never&nbsp;&nbsp; write the script without a thumbnail. I mean,&nbsp; come on. It's common knowledge at this point. Make&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple draft in Can or generate something with&nbsp; AI. Just know what's the viewer's first impression&nbsp;&nbsp; while clicking your video. Because if your script&nbsp; doesn't deliver on that promise, I mean, come on,&nbsp;&nbsp; dude. It's old. It's old. And packaging isn't&nbsp; only about thumbnails. It's about every first&nbsp;&nbsp; impression, like your domain name. Let's say&nbsp; you've got a killer product, made a great website,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then tell people to check out your store, and&nbsp; you drop a link that looks like this. Whether you&nbsp;&nbsp; sell on Shopify, Squarespace, or anywhere, you&nbsp; usually get a weird random link like these. I&nbsp;&nbsp; mean, some of these look like my YouTube password.&nbsp; Wait, that's my password screams unprofessional.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if you replace that mess with your name.store,&nbsp; now we're talking. Is a domain name just like.com,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's built specifically for creators who&nbsp; sell something online. It's clean, intuitive,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it literally screams trust. Dot store for&nbsp; your store. I mean, come on. It just makes sense.&nbsp;&nbsp; I recently found out some small creators like Mr.&nbsp; Beast, I show Speed, Dude Perfect, another Isaac,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many more people are already using store&nbsp; as their domain. And now I have one, too. Thank&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Thank you. You can get my presets and guides&nbsp; from Isaacverse.store right now. It's memorable,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it tells you exactly what you're getting,&nbsp; and it's not just a fancy name. store domains&nbsp;&nbsp; are proven to drive two times the visibility.&nbsp; Why? Because when people see the link, they&nbsp;&nbsp; know it's a store straight away. And when they&nbsp; know it's a store, they click. When they click,&nbsp;&nbsp; they want they want to add to card, they buy. So,&nbsp; if you're a creator selling merch, courses, art,&nbsp;&nbsp; preset, or literally anything, your Dottore domain&nbsp; is waiting for you at the link in the description.&nbsp;&nbsp; Huge thanks to Dotto for sponsoring this video.&nbsp; Now, who are we actually writing this script for?&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not needed for every single video, but&nbsp; it's good to have a document where you write&nbsp;&nbsp; down one or two audience avatars who would watch&nbsp; your channel. If you haven't heard this before,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's pretty simple. Open a blank document and&nbsp; write down as much detail as you can about&nbsp;&nbsp; your potential viewer. For my case, it can be a&nbsp; YouTuber with less than a thousand subscribers who&nbsp;&nbsp; wants to write better scripts for his video.&nbsp; Knows the basics about writing technique,&nbsp;&nbsp; retention, and YouTube algorithm. Maybe struggling&nbsp; to get his first viral video. The second avatar,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone more intermediate, wants to learn&nbsp; something new to apply in his next video,&nbsp;&nbsp; knows more than average about scripting,&nbsp; retention, analytics, and stuff. That's probably&nbsp;&nbsp; the main audience I'm writing for. Another&nbsp; small group, and maybe a guy who just likes&nbsp;&nbsp; watching fancy edits and laughs at my terrible&nbsp; jokes. So, which one are you? Every channel has&nbsp;&nbsp; its own avatars. You can write with more details,&nbsp; but I think this is enough for a starting point.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just know who you're writing for and what's the&nbsp; complexity level you can go without losing them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, the next big step is to sit down for a few&nbsp; hours and do some research about the topic. I&nbsp;&nbsp; know what you're thinking. I already know this&nbsp; stuff. That's why I'm making the video. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought that, too. But here's the thing.&nbsp; Even if you think you already know enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's always more to learn. And it's a great&nbsp; moment to improve yourself anyways. So, watch&nbsp;&nbsp; a few videos on YouTube, read if there are any&nbsp; sources you found online, ask AI some questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; take note, write down what they explained, and&nbsp; more importantly, what they haven't explained.&nbsp;&nbsp; That gap, that's your opportunity to shine. At&nbsp; the end of this part, you have to have a bunch of&nbsp;&nbsp; random notes all around the place. They may not&nbsp; make sense yet, but it doesn't matter for now. You know the knowledge at this point, but you need&nbsp; a clear structure to follow while writing. What&nbsp;&nbsp; comes after what? How do the pieces fit together?&nbsp; So, take a look at your notes, write down all the&nbsp;&nbsp; points you want to explain, and try to sequence&nbsp; them in a logical direction. A tiny tweak I do&nbsp;&nbsp; here is to clearly state where Isaac is at the&nbsp; start of the video and where he will be at the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. You can do that for yourself, the explainer,&nbsp; or for the viewer's point of view. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; in my editing tutorial, the start was Isaac&nbsp; wanting to make a perfect editing tutorial. At&nbsp;&nbsp; the end, he realizes it's about the process, not&nbsp; perfection. See, a clear transformation. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're aiming for. Now, we've got the start&nbsp; and end points. We've got the main problem and&nbsp;&nbsp; a deeper problem. Here comes the interesting&nbsp; part. Taking them all and writing a story to&nbsp;&nbsp; capture it. And how do we write a story? Well, I&nbsp; made a whole video about it, but here's the idea.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's a simple framework that's been used since&nbsp; forever. Harry Potter, How to Train Your Dragon,&nbsp;&nbsp; Iron Man, King Arthur Gomesh, that's like 4,000&nbsp; years ago. Hero's Journey. That's the name. The&nbsp;&nbsp; story starts here. Then the hero gets a call to&nbsp; an adventure. Then comes a wise man to help. The&nbsp;&nbsp; journey start. A lot of things happen in between.&nbsp; A big crisis approaches. Gets a new Let me show&nbsp;&nbsp; you how it actually works in a YouTube video. Have&nbsp; you watched my editing tutorial? Cool. Because if&nbsp;&nbsp; you haven't, I'm about to spoil the entire plot.&nbsp; though. What kind of psycho watches a tutorial for&nbsp;&nbsp; the story anyways? Well, when you say it like&nbsp; that, what kind of psycho writes a story for a&nbsp;&nbsp; tutorial? So, here it goes. Status quo. That's&nbsp; where everything starts. Isaac has a successful&nbsp;&nbsp; channel. Nothing's bad, but something's off. Call&nbsp; to adventure. Something happens to kick off the&nbsp;&nbsp; story. It can be a problem, an opportunity,&nbsp; a threat, or just a curiosity. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the where's the editing tutorial comment&nbsp; assistance? That's where the wise old man&nbsp;&nbsp; comes in. Steven departure. That's where the hero&nbsp; starts the journey. The actual tutorial begins.&nbsp;&nbsp; Trials. That's the main part of the YouTube video.&nbsp; All the points you want to mention, the mistakes,&nbsp;&nbsp; some wins, and maybe some losses. Maps, breakdown,&nbsp; the whole thing. Approach. Remember the deeper&nbsp;&nbsp; problem. That's where it appears. In the tutorial,&nbsp; the perfectionism creeps in. Crisis. Everything&nbsp;&nbsp; goes sideways. This is the lowest point of the&nbsp; story. 60 days pass and Isaac is still editing&nbsp;&nbsp; the same video. In good stories, though, this is&nbsp; also where the identity change happens. You got&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you don't know everything. Don't be&nbsp; afraid to be vulnerable. But no matter what,&nbsp;&nbsp; you got to find a solution to the problem. To find&nbsp; the treasure, it's the reward. What did you learn&nbsp;&nbsp; from that crisis moment? Isaac realizes&nbsp; the escape from perfectionism is to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "It's good enough." Result. Hitting publish&nbsp; moment. Return. The positive comments roll in.&nbsp;&nbsp; New life. He's not the same person anymore. The&nbsp; mindset is changed. Resolution. This is where all&nbsp;&nbsp; the plot lines open up. And then status quo again.&nbsp; And the cycle continues with the next video. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; it works insanely well for a YouTube video, but&nbsp; most people still don't use it. So, the video has&nbsp;&nbsp; no conflict, no stakes, and no change at the end.&nbsp; Without that, it would be just an editing tutorial&nbsp;&nbsp; with some useful tips. But once you add the&nbsp; story, it becomes a journey. And most importantly,&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewer sees themselves in you. That's how&nbsp; you build a loyal audience. But it's not always&nbsp;&nbsp; that simple. For reference, the hero's journey&nbsp; map of this video looks something like this.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll show the details once we actually finish&nbsp; the journey, but it's quite messy. And finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's one more layer. Okay, this one may&nbsp; be overkill for 90% of channels out there,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm explaining my entire process, and this&nbsp; is a big part of it. So, here it goes. Writing&nbsp;&nbsp; many stories for your videos is cool, but if&nbsp; you blindly use the hero's journey, that's just&nbsp;&nbsp; a repeating cycle with no ending. It works, but&nbsp; wouldn't it be more epic if we connect all those&nbsp;&nbsp; stories to one another? Use them as pillars of&nbsp; a grand story that unfolds with each video. You&nbsp;&nbsp; see where I'm going with this? So, every video is&nbsp; connected. The story scenes, the big charts, even&nbsp;&nbsp; the reason I'm teaching you this, it's all leading&nbsp; somewhere. Dude, you're leaking the grand story.&nbsp;&nbsp; They aren't supposed to know about the prison yet.&nbsp; What? No, I'm just You You're alive. Relax, man.&nbsp;&nbsp; They don't know what that means. Sorry, man. Can't&nbsp; take any risks. What's that? Well, I can't really&nbsp;&nbsp; reveal the grand story of my videos since it's not&nbsp; finished yet and I don't want to give spoilers,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can understand this concept by looking at&nbsp; the Marvel movies from Iron Man 1 in 2008. They&nbsp;&nbsp; made standalone stories and combined them all in&nbsp; a grand story that peaked with Endgame in 2019. Damn, the memories. What a time it was to&nbsp; be human. Just give me a moment. Anyways, once the plan is ready, I send it to my best&nbsp; friend and ask for his opinion. Oh, I don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend, but chat GPT works. Now, you might ask&nbsp; it to write the script for you based on your plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that's how you throw all your work in the&nbsp; garbage because it just writes a generic script&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how much context you give it. So, what I&nbsp; use it instead is ask it to roast my outline. What&nbsp;&nbsp; did I miss? Is it too boring? What can I add? What&nbsp; can I remove? What about changing the plot twist?&nbsp;&nbsp; After a few back and forths, you're finally ready&nbsp; to actually write the script. Open a blank page,&nbsp;&nbsp; take your outline, set a timer, and just type.&nbsp; Don't worry about the grammar, wording, structure,&nbsp;&nbsp; or anything. Just get the thoughts out of your&nbsp; head onto the page. Expand on each point in your&nbsp;&nbsp; outline. The goal here is to have something to&nbsp; work with instead of staring at a blank page.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are some small tactics I use while writing.&nbsp; Well, it's kind of common sense, but I see so many&nbsp;&nbsp; people make this mistake. They start breaking down&nbsp; really advanced concepts right at the beginning.&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, it makes you sound smart, but most&nbsp; viewers don't really understand all that and&nbsp;&nbsp; just leave the video. It's like going from zero to&nbsp; 100 right away. So, start by giving some context&nbsp;&nbsp; for people who are not familiar with what you're&nbsp; talking about. Then explain simple concepts and&nbsp;&nbsp; gradually increase the complexity. Remember the&nbsp; start of this video, we were just talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; the packaging, topic, research, simple stuff, and&nbsp; we slowly increased to stuff like hero's journey&nbsp;&nbsp; and universe building. Now, YouTube advice says&nbsp; to only explain simple concepts and avoid complex&nbsp;&nbsp; topics to maximize retention. Yeah, that's indeed&nbsp; good for retention, but it's not how I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; cook. I want to give as much value as possible&nbsp; to those who want to learn more. I guess it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a fair trade to get slightly lower retention in&nbsp; return. You probably heard the rule, show don't&nbsp;&nbsp; tell. Well, everyone knows that. I'm talking about&nbsp; something else. And it improves the retention way&nbsp;&nbsp; more if done right. Do you remember what I said&nbsp; while explaining the deeper problem concept? Sure.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm breaking down how I write scripts, but what's&nbsp; the deeper problem here? Well, let's not give&nbsp;&nbsp; spoilers for now, but remember this deeper problem&nbsp; concept for the end of the video. Let's see if you&nbsp;&nbsp; can figure it out before I say it. See what I&nbsp; did there? Instead of telling you this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; deeper problem, I asked you to figure it out by&nbsp; yourself. It makes the video not just me talking,&nbsp;&nbsp; you listening, but more like a conversation,&nbsp; an interactive thing, and makes you pay more&nbsp;&nbsp; attention. It's like two different teachers. One&nbsp; just explains the lecture from start to finish,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the other doesn't reveal everything up front.&nbsp; He gives you hints, asks you questions, makes you&nbsp;&nbsp; think, and figure out the answer by yourself. And&nbsp; we all know how good it feels when you actually&nbsp;&nbsp; figure out the answer, right? It's the same&nbsp; principle here. Lastly, not for the actual script,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it makes your life way easier to add some&nbsp; notes for editing. things like add Sigma grind set&nbsp;&nbsp; music, show a footage of Captain America lifting&nbsp; Molner or Isaac sending it to his best friend via&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp and match cut to chat GPT. Yeah, even&nbsp; that was scripted. Keep writing until you've&nbsp;&nbsp; explained all your bullet points, implemented the&nbsp; hero's journey, and solved the deeper problem that&nbsp;&nbsp; you've set up. Once you finished the first draft,&nbsp; read what you wrote, change up the order, add some&nbsp;&nbsp; extra points, remove some unnecessary stuff, and&nbsp; tweak the sentences to make them flow better. How&nbsp;&nbsp; do you do that? Glad you asked. Naturally, when&nbsp; you write, you write the points like, "Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; this happens, right? And then this happens." But&nbsp; it's too linear, too predictable, boring. Instead,&nbsp;&nbsp; you should write like, "This happens, but this&nbsp; happens, therefore this happens." It's way more&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting to listen to. At least the writers of&nbsp; South Park say so. And these guys made 28 seasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I think they know what they're talking about.&nbsp; If you paid attention, you may have caught some&nbsp;&nbsp; points where I used that writing. You know the&nbsp; knowledge at this point, but you need a clear&nbsp;&nbsp; structure to follow while writing. So, take a&nbsp; look at your notes. Writing many stories for&nbsp;&nbsp; your videos is cool, but if you blindly use the&nbsp; hero's journey, that's just a repeating cycle with&nbsp;&nbsp; no ending. It works, but wouldn't it be more epic&nbsp; if we connect all those stories to one another?&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers don't really understand all that and just&nbsp;&nbsp; leave the video. So, start by giving some context&nbsp; for people who are not familiar. Makes everything&nbsp;&nbsp; more dynamic. Another really weird tactic to&nbsp; make your script more interesting is rhythm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most beginners write with the same sentence length&nbsp; over and over again. It creates a monotone script,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you write your sentences with different&nbsp; lengths, like the script of this video, it makes&nbsp;&nbsp; it less boring. I actually learned this technique&nbsp; while researching for this video, but realized&nbsp;&nbsp; I've already been doing it subconsciously in my&nbsp; script. So, it's a nice tactic, but I don't think&nbsp;&nbsp; there's any need to overthink it. Just make sure&nbsp; not all your sentences are the same length, and&nbsp;&nbsp; you're good to go. And lastly, send it to an AI&nbsp; and ask for feedback or a friend if you have one. So, what do you think? Well, I mean, it's&nbsp; something something. Look, it's not terrible,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's too complex. Hero's journey universe&nbsp; building. You got to think about retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; dude. People will click off. All right, I can&nbsp; refine it more. Actually, here. I ran it through&nbsp;&nbsp; the retention optimizer AI. It removed those&nbsp; weird parts that dropped your retention rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; added some small payoffs throughout,&nbsp; and changed the ending to a rage bait.&nbsp;&nbsp; Really? Yep. Works every time. It'll get&nbsp; at least 30% more watch time. That's the&nbsp;&nbsp; goal right now. What do you think? It&nbsp; It's better technically, and that's all&nbsp;&nbsp; that matters. Just delete your version, use&nbsp; this one, and the video goes viral. We win. Do it. Do it. No. What? It may have better retention,&nbsp; better everything, but it doesn't have a soul,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I won't manipulate people to&nbsp; keep that chart high. And I won't&nbsp;&nbsp; delete actually useful parts just&nbsp; because they hurt retention. Sorry,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. I'm doing it my way. Why do you always&nbsp; choose the long route? Maybe you're not the&nbsp;&nbsp; right Isaac either. What? Nothing. But the&nbsp; universe building part was badass, actually.

  Top Comments:
  1. @isaacverse [52 likes]: Thanks for watching 🙂
🔥 Lock in a .store domain for your store before it's too late: https://go.store/isaacverse
(Use code ISAACVERSE at checkout for a special deal!)
  2. @AlbertPhili [1 likes]: Is it usefull for shorts too?
  3. @Penguenverse: 🧐
  4. @J3lackEagle: That’s exactly what happened. I clicked on it to watch an educational video, but it felt like I’d been swept up in an adventure. I didn’t even glance at the timer to see how many minutes were left. So what am I going to do now? I’m going to watch your other videos.
  5. @BeastBattlesBait: How much time it takes you to make a video?
  6. @sezerexe: kanka süper teşekkür atacaktım sana göremedim, kanalın pkya kapatıldı mı yoksa?
  7. @brightofficial23: damn watching this feels like a movie lol
  8. @VeritasonTheology: Why do I love you 😂😂😂😂😂 “that’s not how I wanna cook”
  9. @ActionArchitect-n1k: bro, are you a work in movies industry , this is awesome 🙌
  10. @bitcoin-mute-trader: that went over my head. too many things. but i watched full for the cinematic vibe.
  11. @fivemine: it's absoluetly fucking good video
  12. @TooFarShorts: It helps a lot , thanks 🙏
  13. @sajidgulamdin2950: Part 2😊
  14. @gezailabs: Isaac has 6 7 years of experience 😂
  15. @DaniAIHub: 4:05 I recently found out some small creators like mr beast ☠☠
  16. @mooglethenoob2514: Why are you so good at this
  17. @Riwiltop-b6s: me he dado cuenta lo complejo y difícil que es crear un buen guion
  18. @HiroOtaku-y3e: I always write by ai😅
  19. @diendelo7: you didn't talk about the hook yet! were its supposed to stay on heros jorney?
  20. @Tengugast: Love your videos! What programs do you use to create your videos?

- How TikTok Food Critic Keith Lee Resuscitated a Struggling Restaurant: Kind: captions Language: en this is one of the best wings I've ever had the 10. Keith Lee a Las Vegas food critic proved just how powerful his influence was when his review dramatically turned things around for a struggling family-owned restaurant I got an email from an employee of a family-owned restaurant here in Vegas I got it let's try it I called my order Frank was the owner and he was so nice on the phone like he was so patient he was kind uh I was ordering and he literally take your time I was looking at the menu the whole time I was ordering he was like just take your time like relax you okay and I personally love customer service I've worked in customer service for like my most of my adult life so I really value customer service and I went and I picked up my food and he had no idea who I was he posted a rave review on Tick Tock them some huge pepperonis boy I swear this is why I started making videos like this because places like this that don't nobody know of this a 9.8 out of 10. Frank from me to you this is my opinion there is no way you should be behind a ring or struggling to pay rent it is marketing that's 100 what I feel like that food is delicious the service is amazing that video changed everything in just 24 hours yeah yesterday I did a review today chaos for starters when I discovered they ticked out it was at 2 000 followers now seventy thousand in less than 24 hours 10 a.m to 5 p.m lying out the door obviously I knew he was gonna have some business but I never thought it was going to be to that magnitude it got like 10 million views in the first like three hours four hours uh it it blew up like crazy I tried to call the same day to like just say thank you because the food was that good and I couldn't get it I couldn't get in touch with him because the phones were off the hook um I went the next day and it was insane I went the next day and it was out the door he literally went from he was telling me he went from making like four orders a day to make it 400 in less than 12 hours he was a static he was hugging me he was jumping up and down since then the restaurant has been slammed the attention has been overwhelming for both Frank and King it was cooking from 9am to 5 p.m no lunch breaks no breaks at all no stopping Frank was like I gotta shut down for a second we need to breathe and eat what did you do and I was at like 30 million views and uh the news reached out the news did a piece and he was on the news he was extremely emotional he was extremely grateful my mom came and woke me up like the morning that it was on the news she was screaming at the edge of my bed my wife was screaming at the edge of my bed my dad was there and uh they were like you on the news you want to lose you on the news our phone never stopped ringing I sold more lemon pepper wings in the last two days that I have in the last four months it's just been overwhelming it's been a blessing this restaurant has been a dream of mine for 30 years for 30 years it sounds like they're working 16 hour shifts they haven't been able to stop uh they haven't been able to relax even two seconds I've helped restaurants in Vegas before but I feel like this one was was probably like the craziest part as far as like the response somebody saw this man on tick tock Keith's been a food reviewer for years and he hopes to make this into a full-time career a career out of being me and literally just doing that just being myself is definitely something that I want to do for the rest of my life and be able to get paid from it and be able to take care of my kids and their kids kids um yeah I'm gonna just keep working hard on being authentic I appreciate y'all God bless you guys y'all are amazing we doing it Mama we made it we're inside edition digital I'm Andrea Swindoll [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @NomadicCrierhttps [1 likes]: THIS is what America is all about!!  Praise Yeshua!!
  2. @absentstars474 [1 likes]: Closed in 2024. Rip.
  3. @charlita25: So nice 👍🏾
  4. @KeithHartman-qq7rq: WOW!!
  5. @onlyhispresenceohp2607: Kudos for Frank!
  6. @danielamercol9884: I want to hug Frank
  7. @maryoguns6612: I’m glad!! God used you to elevate human being like you, you will be great in life and more blessings 💪🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️😇
  8. @debbierichardson9575: Gotta be a downer  here. I wish they hadn't shown Frank working without gloves on AND a sore on his finger. That scab can come off in the dough.....
  9. @CathermalCorvus: LOVE THIS!!!!
  10. @lungiledlamini4447: Wow. That line outside is CRAZY 😂😂😂
  11. @priscilladawson5313: I love this for everyone involved! This is what America really represents❤❤❤
  12. @bradleybunt6556: That young man and his video forever changed the lives of that man, his family, his employees, and the community!  Young men like that dude who did the review did more with one single video than our entire Congress will do in an entire year.  That is incredibly powerful beyond measure from that young man and it is beyond pathetic for every last member of Congress.  World needs more good men like Keith Lee.
  13. @jonjonsarms: The law slumbers but never die. You deserved your success, sir.
  14. @Taurus_Moon_Rising: I wonder who the employee was
  15. @GlovesOff3456: I followed Keith just because of his positive impact.  This is what the world needs right now.
  16. @ricardoespinoza3132: What a great story. It's awesome that you helped a small business. Awesome!
  17. @g.m.prince7052: AWESOME
  18. @BrandonReyes-qh8st: 4 to 400 😂 ❤
  19. @MFobe: Yess frank 🍕 🍔 🐔 x & thank you kieith. 

From 🇬🇧 😎
  20. @CJ-iz4rz: HELLZ YEAH 👍💯❤❤❤❤

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- Cocomelon - The Most Evil Channel On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en my son is almost two and I've been letting him watch cocomelon but now I had to get him speech therapy so I can get him to talk there are hundreds and hundreds of anecdotes in which parents mention the exact same problem the cocomelon show is so insanely addictive it's being compared to nicotine and causing developmental issues amongst the kids who can't stop watching children's TV expert jerich sanss calls it the most damaging show a child can watch explaining the sneaky ways in which they make the show addictive firstly there's the colors take for example The Wheels On The Bus the three main colors blue green and yellow are all at maximum saturation meaning they cannot be made any brighter no matter how hard you try extreme saturation is normally used for alerts and notifications as it's exciting Dynamic and attracts attention which is why it's also used in slot machines cocomelon puts these colors in perfect contrast making them appear even more vibrant which is different to for example Bluey in which the colors instead blend together COC melon's also different because it's highly repetitive there's a reason they have 38 videos with over a billion views a child's brain is wired to learn through repetition so it feels right to them to watch the same thing over and over again Coco melon abuses this in almost every video for example in the yes yes playground song they pick a word to repeat three times in every sentence pairing it with a subtly repeating back ground lullab keeping children hooked literally no show or movie puts my son into a deep trans the way Coco melon does the second it's on the TV he turns into a toddler zombie who doesn't see or hear anything else that's going on in the room this is only exacerbated by Coco melon subtitles which have also been a heavy point of criticism the letters are not educational I can barely raid them fast enough it's simply another interesting element to capture your little one's attention Millan explains in every description our goal is to help make learning a fun and enjoyable experience for kids giving you the peace of mind that your children are receiving quality educational content but people have argued that they're teaching exactly what children shouldn't do for example in the No No bedtime song the baby refuses to brush his teeth have a bath put on pajamas or get in bed the education is that he eventually agrees to do so yet a Tik Tok user was critical stating anytime I'd ask my son to do a simple task he'd say no no no he's sitting there watching Coco melon which taught him no no no and to say no to me on the topic of Education Jerica San stated these people don't give a about our children they care about money that's it your child's cognitive development in direct exchange for their wealth and there's pretty good evidence supporting this a New York Times journalist visited Coco melon Studio discovering their number one focus is keeping children children hooked Coco millan's data and analytics team sifts constantly through YouTube numbers to determine exactly what resonates should a girl wear black jeans or blue jeans should the music be louder or softer should the bus be yellow or red yellow is the answer as they use a darker method to ensure that they're correct cocomelon has a dedicated distractor Tron room in which once a month children are brought here one at a time and shown a handful of episodes to figure out exactly which parts of the shows are engaging and which are tuned out next to the TV playing cocomelon there's a second screen which plays a continuous loop of bnar Real World scenes a guy pouring a cup of coffee someone getting a haircut each lasting about 20 seconds whenever a youngster looks away from the Moon bug show to Glimpse the distractor Tron a note is jotted down we can see what they're looking at and the exact moment when they got distracted therefore education clearly isn't the primary goal keeping kids attention is and this is proven by cocom melon's most addictive element rapid camera cutting it's crazy how many times the frame changes on Coco melon it's the same type of Addicting behavior that we experience on a Tik Tok bench it's the Quick Change of frame that releases that dopamine and makes the videos addicting to watch count the seconds between a change of frame well Tik tocker the circus brain did exactly this he firstly counts the changes on My Little Pony concluding there's about 6 seconds between each cut he then Compares it to COC melon 1 two 1 2 3 1 2 1 2 one one TI one TI one in her video the nightmare that is celon savantics draws a similar conclusion she found that 96% of the shots in baby shark were shorter than 2 seconds she then Compares four different animated shows again finding Coco melon has the shest shots the longest shot on a cocoon video was 6 seconds the longest shot on Arcane was 8 seconds the longest shot on Bluey was 27 seconds and the longest shot on encounter was 18 seconds which when combined with every other element creates some terrifying statistics Dr Kristen summer explained that when showing an infant normal video content they'll focus on the screen just 11% of the time however when the video is instead switched to Coca melon their screen engagement skyrockets to a whopping 74% this therefore produces stories such as this I used to volunteer for a preschool and they had song Time a Coco melon video came on and all of the tots stopped what they were doing put down their cheesec crackers and remained fixated on the screen for the duration of the video it was honestly kind of terrifying YouTuber Sab spark shared his own personal anecdote he asked to watch a Disney movie with his two younger cousins who both completely refused and instead spent all day glued to an iPad playing the addictive show in Coco melon made my kid a zombie a mother talks about her son he would be in a days while watching it you could be waving your hand right in front of his face and he wouldn't move it was almost scary this was also discovered by Sarah Mills 998 who explained when the Coco melon addiction is so real that my one-year-old can navigate the TV to turn it on by himself however nothing shows the addiction better than the Coco melon Tik Tok Trend parents will play the show intro loudly and video their kids sprinting toward the television where you can witness their mood change instantly the New York Times journalist found something similar the kid in the distructor tron had shown up in the midst of a tantrum which ended the second he heard the Coco melon theme song it was no surprise to Wheeler the head of research 99% of kids he said if they're having issues when they get here once that Coco melon song comes on they're like ah life is okay all is good with the world obviously there's reason for this cocomelon is so hyp stimulating that it actually acts as a drug and what happens when you take the drug away young children experiencing symptoms of addiction and withdrawal obviously leaving them completely disregulated Tik Tok user the PFF One filmed what happens when you take the show away explaining he'll be inconsolable for at least 10 to 15 minutes after adding in the description Coco melon meltdown is legit once you have a taste of the cocoa it's hard to break the addiction which this Reddit user had experienced even worse my husband and I have been worried about our child I can slowly see how she'd throw violent Tantrums at home and in church whenever she'd get bored and would want to watch the show her behavior changes the moment she watches the show and she will not even eat her meals if she wouldn't watch it after these tantrums end kids can experience a general discomfort in the speed of everyday life the more they watch the show the more their brain begins to expect this intense level of stimul basically cocomelon overstimulates their brains so much that everything else just seems slow and boring in comparison however the potential consequences get much worse than this as mentioned at the start it was the cause of a child speaking problems with a notable reply reading same thing happened with my daughter too she's four but can't speak properly she knows the words but she does not like to frame the sentence or speech she has been watching these Coco melons or such other stuffs for two or three years hope we're not too late over on Reddit a speech language pathologist explained screen time in general is linked with speech delays for a variety of reasons but Coco melon is excessively bad firstly unlike other TV shows or movies it doesn't have a story it's just very short clips with poorly written songs The Kids Aren't aable to follow the plot learn vocabulary and see the resolution of a conflict supported by infant specialist Meg for and the problem with fuss Pac TV programs is that we find that little On's language development is slower on the Agents of speech Youtube channel this is again confirmed the main problem with watching videos on the Internet is that they don't know how to use the language that they learn but he adds that four to 5 hours of screen time per day can make a toddler completely nonverbal 4 to 5 hours is obviously a lot of time but in Coco melon made my kid a zombie researchers discovered that 5-year-olds who watch more than 2 hours of TV a day tended to have lower attention spans and were 7.7 times more likely to show symptoms of ADHD the screen times might be even lower for Cocoa melon specifically because as explained by Jericho Sans not all screen time is created equal a child who just watched 30 minutes of Coco melon and a child who just watch 30 minutes of trash truck will look like a very very different child thankfully here lies a simple solution Sierra Renee explained my 2-year-old is speech delayed and addicted to Coco melon switched to miss Rachel 2 days ago and he's already saying more words and hasn't had any tantrum kim. it shared an almost identical anecdote my 8-month-old was obsessed with cocomelon and having bad Tantrums so I canceled cocomelon and only let her watch Miss Rachel and she said her first word within the first 3 days of watching clearly parents are able to Simply change the channel but not before leaving celon a massive amount of dislikes they've therefore earned the title the absurdly popular kid show parents hate and Coco melon has has actually responded to the criticism that explain our shows are not intended to replace outdoor playtime or playdates they have a place in Children's Entertainment time and as with food exercise Etc it comes down to each parent to find the right and appropriate balance for their children our responsibility is ensuring that the quality of the content that we produce is high and beneficial for the development of a child's cognitive and soft skills it is worth adding that our social media communities are filled with stories of parents who experience firsthand how Moon bug content helps their children celon does have a crazy amount of supporters but it's obvious that some of them are simply ignoring the downsides my baby learned the alphabet and numbers from cocomelon she may not speak a complete sentence but she expresses her wants through phrases but is it Coco melon's responsibility to ensure that babies are talking well no people love blaming cartoons and games for raising children and not the shitty parents that don't step in to stop them from watching so much cocomelon is actually a really sad symbol of parents giving their children tablets instead of actually parenting and interacting with them ultimately parents are the people who choose how much their child consumes

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aurora_Academia: Cocomelon actually used to be good until the wheels on the bus song in 2018
  2. @NicoFlores-i4m: (Disclaimer: This is not for 1 days old to 12 years old and this is not for controversies and for illegal:)

This Cocomelon is the worst in the whole universe forever, and even copied Filipino action actor Coco Martin, trillions of trillions of them are tooooooooooo muuuuuuch, so we need to eliminate this channel until they're never doing these dangerous and suspicious things that we can avoid forever, Cocomelon is a big criminal of God of Heaven after Satan, right?
  3. @sweeyferre: Hey you are already know my other comment but i have something to tell you while i was doing something i got distracted on my little brothers youtube and started to watch with him it was very vibrant and write so that got my intention they don't want our kids to learn they    just.    want      our.           Money
  4. @eyeconic_av: So that’s why I have ADHD it makes much more sense now! yes I do have ADHD
  5. @KoolKikospaceyuh: I thought cocomelon was actually good for kids 😅
  6. @philipmesina8045: Man I watched cocomelon I learned a bit of words and I switched to bluey and Blippi I think I loved it more don’t watch cocomelon guys I’m 8
  7. @andreiuha20: My child hood was bluey and I watched only BLUEY on the tv whenever bluey was starting I would stop whatever I was doing and I went and watched some Bluey, even now after about 7 years I still like watching bluey
  8. @enafan1555: Thank goodness I grow up watching Barney, Miles from Tomorrowland, Little Einsteins since I was a kid.
  9. @angelagarofalo4750: Cocomelon stands for Children and Cocomelon is now called "Cocainemelon"
                                         Of
                                         Crack
                                         Obviously
                                         Must
                                         Exercise
                                         Least
                                         Or
                                         Never
  10. @godgamer0912: You need fan to Threats & Dox Cocomelon
  11. @airindia_avgeek_official: cocomelon🤮 🤡
Oggy and the cockroaches 😎
  12. @TaxingIsThieving: I don't understand modern parents. What do they think children did before TV? It's not a human right.
  13. @AngelikaParty: But the cocomelon movie is gonna be a disaster....
  14. @FPEXmilitary: What about blippi 🥺
  15. @KiddosFava: Thank god I didn't watch this shi# when I was growing up
  16. @MarbleRacesandGamingGuy: Good thing I grew up on Disney Junior.
  17. @khadimali-g8f: This cartoon was born in 2006
  18. @robinlewis2260: I never let them watch it thankfully
  19. @Hazel-w1v4m: Coomelon makes learn fun : ✖️.     Make addicted and get hater : ✔️
  20. @TheObbieFan165: We’re so not seeing the movie with this one.

- How to Get Out of Small Channel H3LL, Forever: Kind: captions Language: en we need to be real Here YouTube Simply isn't the same for small channels as it is for larger channels in fact let's play a game howdy Audy everyone Nate here in the small channel game on YouTube there are two places that we could be we can either be hidden and struggling forever and ever and ever or we can be visible and do specific things to get out of that hid in place forever you see as I've been recently working with hundreds of YouTube creators one-on-one having access to the analytics of the channel itself a few things have started to become very clear to me number one is that small channels have different rules they don't perform the same as larger channels and in fact I'm going to give you some examples of how the rules are different for smaller channels on this channel that you're watching right now when I upload a 4K video a high resolution video which all of my videos are it takes about 2 minutes for that video to process before it is essentially ready to publish right then now contrast that with a client's channel that is significantly smaller when we upload a video to that channel same thing 4K resolution similar length of video it takes at least an hour to 2 hours to process another example and this comes from multiple clients Channel I have seen the behavior over and over again of publishing a video having a spike and then a flatline meaning that the algorithm decides to test that video and then stop giving Impressions to that video for a period and sometimes that pattern will repeat you'll have a test period of flat and then another test period and then another flat and I could go on and on with how the rules are different for smaller channels and in fact I am going to give more examples throughout this video the important thing here is we are not mongering is that the right word we're not complaining here because as far as I can tell with the examples I gave the faster processing time on my Channel versus a smaller Channel it makes sense that if a channel has more data to work with and more audience to prove their stuff with then they'll give more allocation of resources to that Channel versus a brand new or a smaller Channel it also does make sense and this may be slightly controversial here it makes sense that if there's a limited amount of Impressions to give to all of the YouTube users on the YouTube platform they would give slight priority to larger channels if for no other reason then again the larger channels have more proven content they have a backlog of videos that are showing that they're more successful with their audience and so I'm seeing this Impressions than Flatline Behavior being a testing period Behavior which I'll explain a bit more of that later on so if smaller channels have different rules than larger channels because of the various reasons I've listed and many more that I couldn't fit into this video what do we do about it we make it so that your channel cannot be ignored we make it so that your content is the best content that it can be and we make it so that you as the creator of that content are no longer hiding you're choosing to be radical you're choosing to stand out and face fears and do things differently which will lead to this visibility all right so how do we combat these different rules that small channels have we do it with this focused data what we need to do here is give the algorithm give the YouTube platform more data and if you want a real human way to explain that it's more videos it's more content no matter where you are with your small Channel at this point if you find ways to give more videos for the algorithm to test it's almost always a positive thing as long as those more videos are still quality videos as quality as you're capable of so I hear you we're watching this and you're thinking Nate I want to give more videos I want to do more of these things I want to give more of this focused data to the algorithm but I'm just booked up I have thought long and hard on this especially since it's something that I myself have struggled with there is a book that I read or more listen to recently that absolutely transformed how I looked at this I'm going to put a link to the book in the pin comment if you want to get it for absolutely free but in that book it describes the concept of dropping everything else intentionally just dropping everything else that doesn't give you the focus that you want and it gives really viable strategies for how to do that how to allocate your time in order to do that well so what I'm suggesting here is if you feel like you are in small Channel heck I do that for the algorithm then you get really decisive in cutting off the things that are not contributing to publishing more quality videos because the more tests that we give the algorithm the YouTube platform the more likely it is that you will finally get the traction enough to have that proven backlog of content it's going to work and if that is your goal to get out of this small Channel heck forever drop everything else and do this all right the next thing that keeps your small Channel hidden is this Boop the like button on this video how did that get in here oh my goodness how how did that get in here but really if you're liking the presentation of this video and it's being eye opening and helpful to you I'd love if you booped the like button on it thank you for doing that but really here's the next thing every small Channel faces this audiences literally act different around small channels than they do around large channels and this has much less to do with the YouTube platform itself and much more to do with human psychology which the YouTube algorithm tends to follow you see for small channels audiences act I put strange because that was the shortest way I could say of they act differently in a lot of different ways like for example the types of people that are willing to comment on a brand new channel on a video without many or any other comments are very different than the types of people who are willing to comment on a video with lots of comments in fact Let me Give an example have you ever been to a farmers market where there's a lot of people selling stuff they got their booths set up and they're they've got stuff all set out on the table and they got their price tags and they're just kind of sitting there expectantly have you ever been to one of those how do you as a person Meandering around this farmers market behave differently in front of a booth that has a bunch of people crowded around it versus a booth with no one in front of it in fact you can see the the person sitting behind the table at the booth and they make eye contact with you a mile away and you make eye contact with them and you're still a mile away from them and you're walking up to it how do you act differently there's too much pressure it's the same thing as when you go to the mall and you walk into a clothing store and there's like five employees and one of you you feel like you're getting to get ganged up on it's not a direct parallel but there are more parallels than you might think between those two scenarios that that I just explained and smaller audience Behavior so the audience that you get are the type of audience that are okay with being early adopters they are okay with being the only person at this booth looking at your trinkets they have the time of day to do so meaning they are willing to take a bit more of a chance with you versus a larger channel that is proven that they know how to make quality videos that respect people's time more so they're willing to take a chance but also they're often very into a niche further into a niche than the general or broader YouTube audience now the algorithm does actually treat this differently as well they give Impressions somewhat differently for a small Channel audience as well how do I know this well have you ever gone really into a niche like you've watched a extensive amount of videos on a certain specific topic or a certain Niche you've watched a whole bunch of them in a row on YouTube have you ever gone back to your home feed or the home screen on your mobile or desk Des toop and seen small channels pop up like videos with 15 views on them my theory here is the more an audience member shows their deeper into a niche the more likely the algorithm is to show smaller channels videos to that Niche which is one of the arguments for the so-called niching down because you're more likely to appear to that Niche okay so real talk here how do we combat the audience acting differently we do it with this your channel just is smaller and that is a fact so it's actually greatly to your advantage to acknowledge that and acknowledge that with your audience when your audience comes to one of your videos and feels like wow this person is present they're authentic they're acknowledging where they are and of course they're going to do great things in the future they really respect that so you bringing them into your videos and expecting them to be there and enjoy the experience with you with your presence does huge things for you and I've said this before I'm going to say it again here when you start getting comments to the tune of wow why isn't this channel bigger or comments addressing you directly saying thank you so much for making this video this this video deserves way more views than it has when that starts happening that is one of the indicators that you're doing this right the next thing that keeps your SM the next thing that keeps your small Channel perpetually hidden unless you change it is this blind spots I have a unique perspective here in that this is what I do and I am interacting with creators like yourself along the whole Spectrum from brand new to very very successful every single day across the board when I sit down with someone this is going on at least in some degree you see we all have blind spots when we're trying to accomplish something there are things that we're just not seeing or ideas that haven't been introduced to our mind or awareness yet but this is exacerbated in smaller channels because we don't have as much data to work with we don't have as much realtime feedback from the audience because our videos are more hidden and that is a huge disadvantage unless you're able to intentionally get outside perspective in fact that is perhaps the number one thing that I see when I'm talking with creators like yourself it's hard to know what to focus on or not so how do we combat that with this what I am calling removing the box or essentially getting yourself outside of yourself and your own creation bubble to see what's happening from a third-party perspective because answer me this have you ever built a large YouTube channel before if that's a no then you're being able to see it before or you've done it will be a huge Advantage for you it's one of the reasons why I do my roast videos here on this channel aside from them being all about heck fire and and darn nation and by the way I don't have any issues with swearing I just intentionally don't put them in my videos because it's just not my brand but where was I oh yes roasts it's one of the reasons why I like to show as many real examples as I can because it allows me to put you as a viewer outside the box and deconstruct what I am seeing as a third party perspective so what you need to combat these blind spots is to get outside the box to remove the box and get outside perspective outside thought patterns I have a video in the works about this very thing collaborations and getting outside perspectives on what you are producing I am going extensive with it using real examples and real processes that I have used with great success so I am going to put that here when it's ready in the meantime let's focus on this one focused data what are the next most important focuses we can do to give the the algorithm as much of the correct data as possible in order to do that you'll watch nothing stop me I'm moving up the chain light camera AC feel a be in my veins

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [437 likes]: UPDATE: things have changed! I've found 3 layers that make the difference for small channels (which one are you in?): https://youtu.be/7KL_zwHd2yM

The book is called Essentialism. I've been listening to a LOT of books this year, and this one is top tier so far!
  2. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪 Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @ETCgamer23 [1 likes]: I'm a small channel. Can I have help?
  4. @TheHornedKhagan [1 likes]: wow i myself struggle with should i post just gameplay or just geopolitics through ck3 lens or should i post both this was helpfull but it did not answer this question for me
  5. @abyGetinspired [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s grow together 😊
  6. @godlygirls-2: Second time I've watched this, and I still learned more, thank you!
  7. @Orphyunn: One of the worst parts of being a small content creator is spending hours editing a video and get 0 views. But screw the views, we ball
  8. @TheBelovedLifeco: I’m on the struggle bus over here .  I get pumped and positive …work extra hard and improve ..only to get low views AFTER having one go over 38k.  The videos after are noticeably better.   It’s been 10 videos ago now.  I’m lost about how this works
  9. @VonikaISHere: Very happy for this
  10. @Rogandos: Sometimes I feel like this dream is the only thing I have left to hold onto… the only chance I have to build a better future for my kids. And when things get hard, when ideas stop coming, when I don’t know what to create anymore, it destroys me inside.

People think content creation is easy because all they see are videos and smiles… but they never see the pressure, the sleepless nights, the overthinking, the fear of failing the people you love the most.

I love doing this with all my heart… but lately, the harder I try, the more it hurts. Every overtime, every exhausted night, every moment of self-doubt feels heavier and heavier.

And the saddest part is… I can’t even quit. Because this dream is no longer just for me. It’s for my children. Their future is attached to every upload, every idea, every sacrifice I make.

Sometimes I smile in front of the camera… while secretly fighting tears behind it.
  11. @Starry1-e1y: It's actually an Interesting way to tell your idea.
  12. @GraphitePsychology: Good stuff, informative
  13. @Mr.CorvYT: I already gave up 💀 I spent $400 on AI tools in 2 weeks for my high-quality videos. Also put like 10 hours of time into them collectively. All for nothing AND my videos are higher quality than 90% of videos on YouTube. Make it make sense. 🤷
  14. @hughgibbstv: Thank you for sharing these really helpful and insightful elements of Youtube. Really eye opening thank you - Hugh
  15. @reidjaxon: It’s less about sudden change and more about incentives, scale, and regulation gaps over time
  16. @AREPUBLICOFIDIOTS: How do you make more videos when you are making high quality stop motion videos?!
  17. @pinactivechannel: In the past eight months I changed my niche three times from keto cooking to calm Tokyo life to the current one which is about personal finance. I also switched the language from English to Chinese. For the current niche I have made ten videos but only get 50-100 views on average. Should I start a new channel?
  18. @rendertezgaming: This is the 8th month of my tiny gaming channel. 

I have consistently showed up every Saturday and I work on improving my edits / thumbnails and videos every time.

But lately I have been going nowhere, and it feel like all this work will never pay off. People tell me gaming is the hardest channels to grow on Youtube, and that it's not worth it. 

I get 1 comment a month sometimes telling me I made their day... that is the only reason I'm still here. I wish I'll get my break one day. If not for me, I wish all the other small youtubers get their wishes fulfilled. Cheers.
  19. @Iamabaffoon: New channels forever!!!
  20. @chrisfan-c5z: It is really useful, i also make my own channel but no one watch

- From Fat and Broke to Youtube Millionaire!!: Kind: captions Language: en This video is about how I went from fat, broke, and lost to running the most followed, most viewed travel food show on YouTube. >> I'm a little bit uh not happy with where I am in my life and uh sometimes I feel like I lack energy and I think I know why. >> Let's talk about where we are now and then back up to the beginning just so you can understand how unlikely this journey really was. So, right now, Best Ever Food Review Show has about 11.8 8 million subscribers on [music] YouTube. In total, we published over 800 videos and the channel has gotten over 3 [music] billion views. That's insane. But that's just our main channel because through the years, the Best Ever Food Review Show brand and team has grown so much that it had a baby. A baby called More Best Ever Food Review Show. Our second channel has 3.59 [music] million subscribers. It's published 460 videos, and those videos have been viewed over 880 million times. together between both channels. It's at nearly 4 billion views. Something I can quite honestly say I did not expect when I started this journey. To give you the quick version of my life story, I grew up in Minnesota. I graduated high school. I tried a few different colleges. Failed out of all of them. I tried radio. Did you know what? Tonight's my last night on the air. >> That didn't work out. And then I moved to Korea at the age of 24. In Korea in my 20s, I went through a lot of challenges. I've learned a lot about myself. And that was the time when I became a man, maybe around the age of 28 or 30. >> Uh, North Korea, it's behind me looking good, looking communist. >> Where you see me in this video being big, fat, and jolly. This was really like my rock bottom. >> Hey, have you ever been morbidly obese? I have. But now I'm about to be morbidly a beast. You know what I'm saying? It all starts today. day. Actually, it start tomorrow. It all starts tomorrow. >> Can you be more real? You look like you're joking. >> I don't know how to be honest. I was overworked. I was underpaid. I didn't really know what my future was. Really, life sucked. And I wish I could have caressed [music] my own cheek and whispered into my ear and said, "Hey, one day life's not going to suck so hard. It'll just kind of suck hard." And uh here I am now. Now, the reason I'm making this video is because 10 years ago, this month, I started this channel. So, this is the 10-year anniversary of Best Ever Food Review Show, and soon I'm going to show you the very first food video I ever made. But actually, this channel started earlier than that. I actually joined YouTube with this channel September 23rd, 2010. That's a long time ago. Some of my earliest videos are unlisted, and I did that because they're no [music] longer related to food or what I do now. I made a lot of hip-hop videos that I was making [music] for other artists in Korea, comedy videos, stuff that I thought was funny. But I actually had my first viral video all the way back in [music] 2010. I filmed a video called You Need to Get Off Facebook. Now, this video at that time got 4 million views. All of this is important because when I actually started to make food videos, I already had somewhat of a base of subscribers. They weren't there for the food, but they were there because at some point they found something I had published interesting. >> All right, I'm in South Korea or right over here is the border to North Korea, the DMC line. Let's go. I'm in South Korea. I'm in North Korea. I'm in South Korea. When I first moved to Korea, the way I made money was through teaching. Private tutoring, teaching kindergarten. I even taught science. You can pretty much teach a 12-year-old anything if you're smarter than the 12-year-old. Eventually, while in Korea, I transitioned to making money from teaching to making money from making videos. These videos were being made for [music] corporate clients. I made music videos and videos for Red Bull, too. But my goal was to transition away from making videos for clients and making videos for YouTube. And so my journey with Best Ever Food Review Show began December 14th, 2015. The very first video I ever published, well, it now has 277,000 views. But let me tell you, back then it probably got 200 at most. Even though I already had accumulated somewhat of a small audience, a lot of those people didn't really know what I was doing, what I was posting, or why I was posting food videos. And it took a long time to get people to understand what I was doing and for them to want to watch the videos that I was making. But it all started with this right here. >> Today I went to the best restaurant alive, Melting Monkey. Do you like cheese? Do you like bread? Do you like to melt it between, you know, the bread with the cheese in the middle? It's like a grilled cheese, but better. Do you like cheese? >> Oh, I don't like cheese, but melting monkey cheese is good. >> Groundbreaking interview. Do you like cheese? Thought-provoking, insightful, high impact. In the beginning, the show didn't have an identity. and identity and values. These are things you build over time. But my first thought was just why don't I film food that I like in Korea, which happened to be kind of western junk food. And that's what my first eight episodes on this channel were. I'll be honest, I was [music] so ready to die until God brought this octopus taco to my life. >> How could this [music] creature swimming with the fishes, jump into my taco, and make it so delicious? How could this be? >> How could it be? How could it be? >> How could it be? >> Nice. As you can see, I was really trying to put a comedic angle into these videos. But the problem is, nobody watched them because who cares? I was talking about international or western cuisine in Korea. >> Today, I ordered the Juicy Lucy. What that is, it's a very special burger that I never would have thought would come to [music] Korea. They put cheese inside of the patty. There was simply no audience for this except for maybe the expat audience in Korea, which is a very small group of people. So from here, I decided to pivot. [music] I even made an update video about pivoting. I'm eight videos in and I'm like, I got to tell my audience of no people about my plans for the future. I've had a lot [music] of fun producing, shooting, uh, and creating the best ever food review show the last couple months. So much so in fact that I am reformatting the format. That's That's right. >> I'm glad I did it because I think it was really a video for me to declare, hey, I'm going in this new direction. And so one of the reasons I moved to Korea in the first place was because of a show called Bizarre Foods hosted by Andrew Zimmer. I kind of thought his show is great. I'll just do what he does and do the YouTube version of that. From here, I entered into the next age of best ever food review show. I was going out to different Asian countries seeking out the most bizarre or strange weird foods I could find. And the reason was simple. I knew that foods that were strange that were bizarre, they had a story already built in. And the story is why are people eating this? And that's what I set out to understand. And it all started in the Philippines. Here, my first bizarre food video was eating, a Filipino classic. >> No joke, that is really good. I'm going to give you a tip, though. It helps being already really hungry. You can see immediately the format is completely different. I'm eating a food. The video is 3 minutes and 19 seconds long and the [music] title chicken intestines Philippines best ever food review show. So everything I've learned about YouTube has changed over the years. The old me wishes that I could just do an index style of video. Hey, here's the food name. Here's the country. Now watch it. But the reality is that won't happen. Instead, now videos have to be longer. There has to be a story. And there has to be kind of an element of intrigue. They have to wonder what's this about? What am I going to see? Is there going to be a payoff? But in the beginning, no. It just said chicken intestines. And guess what? I ate chicken intestines. Now, another signature of my earlier videos is I interviewed people with a microphone just randomly on the street to add more content. And also, I kind of didn't have faith in my ability to host a show. So, I would try to write out comedic lines or beats about the food and then do this thing where I would pop out of random locations and deliver [music] that line. Action. Today on the best ever food review show, we eat chicken head. Yes, chicken head. I think that room is used for pissing. It smells That's It smells like piss in there. I'm not I don't want to do it again. This is baby Sunny just figuring it out. We basically have almost no food shots, no cooking preparation. We barely have close-ups of the food itself. This is just the beta beta beta version. I still had a lot of bad habits from back in the day. Bad diet and drinking. I didn't even put on a clean shirt. I just turned my shirt from the previous day inside out. Gross. My hair is greasy. I haven't figured out the bandana is obviously the key to my success yet. I had so much to learn at that point about what it takes to be professional and to be a proper host for a show. Another thing I battled during this trip was just insanely bad, negative, dark selft talk. I don't know. I felt out of place. I didn't have the confidence I have now. Obviously, cuz confidence comes from proving to yourself that you can and that you're able to do something and to do it well. But I had never done this before. It was something completely new. And so in my head, I just kept hearing like, "Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you? What are you doing? No one's going to watch this. This is a joke." And not in a good way. I'm glad that somehow, even though it was very difficult, I didn't succumb to the voices. And I didn't make a video about mental health. >> No. No. Guys, do [music] you get that? This is my job. My job is to review food. I review food and literally hundreds of people, if not tens of people see my food reviews. [music] And now that I've reached the pinnacle of cheesiness, I don't know where else to go. It's [music] really hard to say. And I regret to inform everybody that this is going to be my last food review. Guys, if you're at your rock bottom, if you're struggling, if you feel like you're hitting a wall, take pictures. Once you make it out of wherever you are now, it is going to be so nice to look back at where you were then and to think about how far you've come. Cuz life moves slowly. It's very easy to get acclimated to how things change over time. Like [music] suddenly I've got this team. I have this responsibility. I have this nice office. And you kind of just get used to it. But then you look back and you're like, "Oh my god, [music] why did I ever think this would even work?" And you say, "Thank you, past self, foring putting in the work. Soon after that, I made a decision that would completely change the trajectory of the rest of my life. At that time, I was living in Korea and I had a friend who [music] was a camera guy who said, "Hey, if you choose a country to go to, I will go with you. I'll film with you." And so, I looked at kiwi.com for cheap flights and I found a place called Ho Chi Min City. I'd never been there before. I didn't know anything about it. To me, it seemed scary and distant and far and I certainly knew it was a less developed country than Korea, but I really didn't know what to expect. But I bought a ticket and I [music] went and in Vietnam that is where I met Andrew for the first time. And Andrew worked for a company called Christina, a company that did Airbnb and they also did tours through a company called One Trip. So Andrew worked for their marketing department and [music] he convinced me to move to Vietnam. To be honest, I lived in Korea for about 8 years. And living there was starting to give me more and more anxiety because I didn't have a [music] proper visa. I had a tourist visa. So, for every 90 days, I went in and out of Korea, hoping that I'd make it in for one more stint. But I didn't know if at some point they were just going to have enough of me and say, "Hey, you've been going in and out of the country for eight goddamn years. You got to leave for good." And so, I kind of embraced this new opportunity with open arms. [music] The deal was I was going to work with this company. They would pay me $1,000 a month. They would give me a room and they would give me a camera guy. In exchange, I had to make for them one video a week. And then I would try to make myself one video [music] a week, too. This is when I went all in on best ever food review show and seeing if I can make a YouTube [music] channel actually work. Keep in mind, I've not made any money at this point. I've only spent money in going to the Philippines and [music] Taiwan and filming in Korea. But I figured Vietnam, it's an affordable country. It has a ton of different food and it's surrounded by other affordable countries. Cambodia, Thailand, [music] Laos, all these other Southeast Asian countries are fascinating and they're right next door. Around this time in Vietnam, I was making one video per week. And many of my videos were obviously in Vietnam, but I was trying to diversify my content. I was trying to make videos in Vietnam, but other countries, too, cuz I didn't want people to think I was just the Vietnam guy or the Philippines guy or the guy who just does one country over and over again. But one of my first viral videos was a video that I did in the Philippines. It was titled Jollibee Secret Menu reviewing Jollibee in a jeep meat. Sorry, am I supposed to say Jollibee? Sorry, Filipinos. I meant Jollibee. This video was groundbreaking. The Jeep knee, it's an iconic form of transportation in the Philippines. Jollibee, it's a fast food that's iconic in the Philippines. What I did in this video is I combined them both. Filipinos absolutely loved it. For me, I will have one chicken, >> one piece, >> double spicy. And this is when I learned the most important growth hack that you'll hear in this video. Going to the Philippines. Yes, I'm not the first person to pander to Filipinos. In fact, if you have a travel channel, I highly recommend it. Go to the Philippines. Talk about how beautiful it is, how nice it is. Even say you love the food and they will love you for it. Now, here's [music] the difference. When I say it, I mean it. >> Jollibee, please pay me to be your um I don't know, do something. Pay me. Give me a hamburger. Give me a hot dog. So good. So, this video really hits for me on Facebook. It gets about 4 million views. And then it got around a million on YouTube. But it really started to create some awareness for who I was and for my channel in general. And by this time, I figured out I should just wear the bandanna. And trust me, I felt like a douchebag. sometimes still do, but it's all about branding. You see, without the bandanna, I'm just another white guy. But with the bandanna, I'm a white guy with a bandana, and that's different enough. To be clear, before this Jollibee video, I wasn't really making any money. [music] At most, I was breaking even. But it took me years to make any profit whatsoever. In fact, I didn't even turn on monetization until over a year into making videos [music] because my focus wasn't on the money. It was on how can I make the best videos possible. And that was my mantra that I would repeat over and over. The audience, the attention, and eventually the financial aspect that will come later. It was around this time [music] about two years into my journey that the team started to grow. I had a camera guy, I had a producer, and the third person I hired was [music] an editor. Actually, an editor that I still work with today. 10 years of filming around the world means long days, late nights, and no time to think about dinner. Sometimes you just need something quick and delicious without thinking about it. >> Our sponsor of today's video, Sousie, makes it easy. Zubie is a smart countertop oven and meal delivery service that handles dinner for you. I talk about food for a living and even I don't have the time or energy to plan dinner every night. Some days I just want something good without lifting a finger. That's why I've been using Sousie. It wipes out the entire hassle so I can get real meals on the table for myself and the people I care about. No planning, no prep, no cleanup. Suvi also pulls off a move I didn't expect from an appliance. It babysits your food in the fridge all day, then cooks it automatically before dinner. You can load it in the morning, go live your chaotic life, and come back to a fully cooked meal. Cool to cooks everything safe, even if you're gone way longer than you meant to be, which happens to all of us. I know because your dog told me. Setting it up is simple. Load the meal, tap the recipe card on the sousi, pick the time you want dinner ready, and that's it. The appliance handles the cooking from start to finish. Their meal service includes more than 50 chef created dishes with new ones added every week. You get full flexibility to choose how many meals you want and how often they show up. The Sousie Kitchen Robot has more than 15 cooking modes. Air fry, bake, [music] boil, slow cook, everything. You can use it to cook your own recipes or the Sousie meals like [music] this one here. Baldi texture, clean cook, delicious. And best of all, Suie pulled it off without any extra effort from me. Suvi is offering a 100-day risk-free trial. And right now, their New Year [music] sale saves you $100 and gives you 20 free meals. So, give it a try. Click the link in our description to try Sousie today. Now, back to the show. I want to show you a point at which I feel like the [music] style of the channel started to change and like I started to kind of get it. And it was the first time that I went to the Meong Delta. This was one of the first videos where we actually [music] really explored storytelling. First of all, it starts with a moment of high emotion. >> Oh, the big one. I saw a big one. [screaming] >> This was like the Logan Paul vlog [music] style of starting a video. Take a moment of high emotion from somewhere in the video, put it in the beginning, then start the video and hope people will be curious about that [music] moment enough to keep watching to when it actually happens organically in the story. In this video, we went on a boat. We went on a [music] vehicle. We are actually traveling through the country and sharing the journey and foods along the way culminating in a big meal, but really actually telling a full story rather than just showing one food being made. From here, I went to Guangdong, China. I went to Malaysia, and I explored even more of Vietnam. Oh my god. [laughter] Wo. >> Is this okay? I'm touching your worms. Is it cool? We cool. >> All right. Thank you. Then, of course, another trip to the Philippines. this time to Seeu and Palawa. And then I found the second best country for growth hacking your channel, India. India and the Philippines have a lot in common. A lot of people who speak English, people who are very nationalistic, and people who are very proud of their food. That's great for a food show. Wo! WHAT IS HAPPENING OVER HERE? OH, that's for me. >> Wo! He's making this gigantic one for us. Record-breaking jelly bean. From this point, the channel is actually starting to make some [music] money and that's profit I can put back into the channel. I got an office and the team started to get built out even more editors, people who could help with producing. And perhaps the most obvious change in production value for the audience was hiring another camera guy. So this completely changed the look and the quality of the show. It went from feeling more like a low rent vlog to something that had a little bit more production value. This is something you can see as we went once [music] again to the Philippines. This time to Davao. The first time that I traveled with two camera [music] guys. One of my favorite videos from this trip was when we shot a crocodile lechon. Peel the skin off just like that. Now listen, I would feel so selfish to eat this alone. I got a piece for you. Yeah, that's not right. >> I mean, I'm ripping off this other piece of skin here from the hand. And let's just jump into it. Cheers. That's really tasty. I did not expect that. [music] >> One really unique thing that happened early on in the first couple years of the channel was the opportunity to shoot a TV pilot for [music] Food Network and Travel Channel. Now, somehow even though my YouTube channel had fewer than 20,000 subscribers, a production company in the USA found me and they found me in an interesting way. They went to a blog talking about the best food content creators and I was not mentioned, [music] not even close to it. But somebody had commented, "Hey, you got to check out this guy's channel. It's called Best Ever Food Review Show. It's a great food channel. So, somebody from the production company actually read that [music] comment and checked out my channel. By the way, do you know who wrote that comment? It was me. They found me and they said, "Wow, this guy, what a talent." Kind of. I wear a shirt in the pool because I'm confident. But at least they thought enough of me to do a sizzle reel and see if they could get me a pilot. And they did. TV moves very slowly. And maybe 6 to 9 months later, I went out with this production company, High Noon Entertainment, and we [music] shot two different pilots. One in Florida and one in the Bahamas. >> Then right here, that's what you call the K piston, but we call it the I don't know if I can say it. We call it the Bohemian Viagra. That's what we call it. The Bohemian >> Bohemian Viagra. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> This is like the the male reproductive organ of the conchk. >> You need to try it. >> What happens after I eat this? >> It give you extra boost like a table. >> Okay. More boost in my roost. >> Yeah, you got it. or strut [music] in my butt. >> Those inevitably both ended up airing on [music] Travel Channel and neither one got picked up. And honestly, it's the best thing that ever happened to me. When you sign up for these food shows, you kind of sign your life away. You agree to some kind of low amount of money and the terms are long. It's usually 5 to 7 years. If the show gets picked up, they can pay you this small amount of money. I'll just tell you it was like $5,000 per episode. But how long does it take to film an episode? A week? [music] two weeks. It's not good long term, but getting to do this pilot changed everything for me. And that's because I finally got to see how a professional TV [music] crew does it. I asked the camera guys, the director, and the producers a million questions. Hey, what are you thinking if you shoot some B-roll right now? [music] And I told myself after walking away from that experience, one year from now, my team's going to operate just like this. And the reality is a year later that happened. [singing] >> [music] >> When making a channel like this, it takes [music] so long to figure out how to even be competent at what you're doing in the first place. It's hard to even have a mission. We were starting to figure things out. How to shoot, how to color, how to edit, how to tell compelling stories, [music] and how to make thumbnails. And from here I was able to build a little bit more of a mission or a vision for the channel. One of my initial visions was going to the countries that people have heard of but know nothing about. And my [music] first and best example would be Madagascar. People had heard of the movie, they heard the word, but nobody really knew about the country of Madagascar [music] and they definitely didn't know about what those people were eating. And they were eating some unique stuff. Bam. There it is. You can see that little bit of rice flour on the edges actually [music] expanded from the moisture inside when they cooked it. And then you see it just gets darker towards the inside. That looks incredible. From Madagascar, we went to India again. And we made another foray into Africa. Going to Kenya. We went to Oman. We finally did our first series in the USA where we went from New Orleans all the way to Miami. Keep in mind at this time we were publishing two videos a week. We went to West Papua where we got our first taste of shooting tribal life, something that we still love doing now today. >> Okay. He's pretending to kill [music] me. Yeah. >> W hug. >> We hug now. Oh, you know what? Sometimes we >> brothers fight, but we got to Yeah. W Are we okay? >> We smoked an entire freaking ostrich. And I'm proud to say we were, I believe, the first food YouTubers to go to Iran. Have you seen a camel like that before? It's got five hands. >> Oh my god. That's not normal. Is that I don't know. Can we ask him? He knows. >> I don't Who is this guy? You're going to Okay, you can ask him. Yeah. >> Oh, he asked me not to disturb him. >> It's just just >> So, by this point in the best ever food review show journey, I feel like we're finally putting all the pieces together. We have a team of roughly [music] 10 people and we're telling stories that people haven't heard before and we're showing footage and foods that people have never seen. And going to Iran was part of that journey and telling stories that really matter. And it wasn't about going there and talking about politics, but simply showing people in the USA what normal everyday folks are like in [music] Iran. And by doing that, we were able to create some real impact. Do people from Iran like Americans? I mean, so far in this trip, people have been very kind to me. They're curious about what we're doing when they ask where I'm from, [music] but no one's been negative about it. >> We love guests from everywhere. It doesn't matter from which country. We are welcome for all of them. Really, >> at this point in the channel, things are going pretty good. The team is growing. We're filming more and more videos. We're making more profit. It's great. We went to Japan again and we did a series from north to south. I went to Hong Kong, Bangladesh. I even went to Cuba and did a series with my friend Oro. So, right here you can see the bud. Would you call this a bud? >> Yeah, it's like a bud. Cool. [laughter] From there, we took on some more challenging videos in Africa. We went to Namibia and from there we went to Nigeria. While we were in Nigeria, something happened. Both my camera guys at that time were Vietnamese, and we were starting to hear whispers and comments from people in Nigeria who aren't shy about their feelings, talking about COVID, and pointing at my camera guys, calling them Chinese. People were becoming more and more aware of the virus. And this was the beginning of something that would affect not only our channel, but the world for years to come. After Nigeria, we went back to Vietnam. And our timing is perfect because soon after arriving the borders to Vietnam closed and the next chapter of Best Ever Food Review Show began. The COVID chronicles. This was a time that was very challenging for creators around the world. But I'm really proud of how I and our team dealt with it. We controlled what we could control. We kept shooting videos and if we couldn't go out then we would shoot videos inside and people would work from home but they would keep working. And actually the first couple of years of co we grew probably more than any other time in the channel's history because while people were staying at home and virtue signaling about how awesome they were for wearing three masks, we were going out and doing stuff. Over the coming years, we shot over a 100 videos just in Vietnam. We shot every different type of series you could imagine. We shot street food. We shot bizarre animals like these chickens with their big nasty feet. >> It looks like a disease. I mean, look here. It looks like 10 fingernails. >> Yeah. Oh my god. >> I shot a motorbike series going through central Vietnam with my good friend Andrew. We shot a body part series where we ate animal testicles for 24 hours and then animal heads for 24 hours and then animal livers for 24 [music] hours. We talked to factories in Vietnam and learned how factories are mass-roducing things like instant noodles, hot sauce, and sausages. [music] We did a series about food origins. We saw where oysters come from in Vietnam, where caviar comes from. Andrew and I did a tour of northern Vietnam where we took a former US military jeep and we drove [music] around discovering different Vietnamese ethnic groups and learned about their traditions. Oh, it's kicking. Don't move. >> Don't think about it. Just give it one firm bite to kill it. Is it swimming in your mouth? Just try to enjoy it a little bit. Andrew, don't be rude. The COVID chapter sucked, but we made the most out of it. And we were lucky, too. Vietnam, compared to other countries, had managed to keep the virus out for over a year. While other countries were locking people down and forcing masks and vaccine passports, Vietnam [music] was open until it wasn't. Eventually, just like with every country, the virus made its way into Vietnam, too. And from there, I made a tough decision to leave the country in order to save the channel. If I stayed in Vietnam when everything closed down, we wouldn't be able to produce any videos. And so my wife quit her job and we moved to the USA not knowing when we would be able to come back to Vietnam. Now she is Vietnamese. She could have come back at any time, but for me I had to wait for Vietnam to open its borders and they had already been closed for over a year. This was the next most difficult chapter for best ever food review show. The challenge here was I couldn't bring my camera guys who I'd worked with for years. I had to go to Minnesota and hire a new camera team. In some ways I had to start over. It was challenging. It sucked. But we did it. From here, we shot a series in Minnesota. We went to Texas to shoot cuz they're very lenient with their co policies. We went to Mexico. I'm very hungry and I need to eat muchos tacos. >> Yeah, that means a lot of tacos. >> From Mexico, we went to the Bahamas. Then we went to Jamaica. And finally, after many, many months, I was able to reunite with my camera team back in Africa for a monster production. During this production, we went to Zimbabwe, Egypt, and finally to Tanzania where we shot five, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. 17 videos. It was a lot. One thing that was special about CO is that since I was out and since I was traveling, the shoot would end and I was still in whatever country I was in, whether it was Mexico, Bahamas, or somewhere in Africa. So, my wife and I came up with the style that now is our second channel. We had a second channel before, but it was like studio videos, react videos, stuff that never performed very well. But, we learned to shoot second channel on an iPhone and with a simple cheap microphone. Nowadays, the second channel has blown up into something that I can't even believe because we put so much time, money, and resources into our main channel, and that does well. And then with our second channel, there's one guy that shoots it with me with an iPhone. And that usually does equally well. That's what's crazy. Back in the day, the second channel was kind of an afterthought. We would finish a country and then maybe shoot a couple more simple videos on the second channel. You know what I like about the second channel? I don't have to try that hard. These days we go to places like Dubai or Shanghai focusing just on making videos for the second channel. Meanwhile, our more serious videos, our more high production quality videos and more cultural videos, those are done on the main channel. [music] From there, after traveling for roughly 10 to 11 months straight, the borders opened for Vietnam. And finally, I was able to come back [music] to where our home base was. Finally, the team was back together, and honestly, I felt like we were stronger [music] than ever. the world was opening back up and we were able to take on more and more daring trips. Trips that we weren't able to do in the past because of all the insane limitations that we faced [music] during CO. We went to Mongolia, we went to Sri Lanka, South Africa, the Pharaoh Islands, and we went to Nepal. These [snorts] hives are like nothing I've ever seen before. They look alive. You can see the bees completely covering the hive, moving like doing the wave in a stadium at a football game. Now, for me, something really exciting happened into Paul, and that is I reached out to Joe Rogan. I talked to him about Mad Honey, and he invited me onto his podcast. Now, this for me was kind of a bucket list item, and honestly, it's one of the coolest things I've ever gotten to do because of this channel. Um, why not try a little bit? >> Okay, let's try a little bit. It tastes like honey, too. >> Do a whole spoon. >> No, I'm going to do a half spoon. >> Okay. You got plans tonight? >> Yeah. I got a show I got to do. I can't have fake legs. My legs aren't moving. From here, as we traveled more, as we told more complex stories, the team started to grow even more. These days, we have about 20 to 22 people. For the main channel, which posts once a week, [music] we have seven people involved in our post-production team. Among our producers, we have five to six people. For our second channel, well, mainly [music] just two people. We have a guy who just does thumbnails. Finally, a thumbnail guy. We have two shooters. Who do you think's filming this right now? But along the way, we have faced challenges. [music] For me personally, I found my limit. I struggled with the B- word, but diarrhea. No. Uh, burnout. I'm not going to make a video about burnout and be like, I was sad. But, you know, I grew up [music] very poor and in my whole 20s, I just ate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I couldn't figure out how to make money. And then finally, you find this thing where if you just keep doing more of the thing, you make more money. [music] And so, it's tempting to just do more and more of that thing until you freaking break. And I broke. I think within one year, we posted about [music] 150 videos. That's wild. But at this point, I realized I had to pull back. It was a difficult decision, but I went from two videos a week on my main channel to one. And we basically kept that cadence until now. One video on the main channel, one video on the second channel, plus some compilations. And here and there, we don't post a video just [music] to reduce my output. But sometimes when you have free time and when you're me and when you're inside my brain, you get new ideas. A couple years ago, I had the idea to do five channels. We already have Best Ever Food Review Show and more Best Ever Food Review Show. But then I wanted to create best ever food India, best ever food trucks and best ever hotel review. [music] Now we did do best ever food India. We were doing all the research, shooting, editing, scripting. We're trying to make them as interesting as possible. I was doing the voice over but I couldn't be in the videos and people let it be known that they didn't like that. And so sadly people didn't realize the option was have Indian videos with me not in them or have nothing. [music] And so in the end they got their license and we killed the channel. We started filming the best ever food trucks channel, but we had [music] to stop. We started planning for best ever hotel reviews, but we had to stop because I realized again that I was doing the [music] thing that got me in trouble in the first place, which was pushing myself to my absolute limit cuz why? And that's the hard part of doing this channel is that we have a world-class production team and we could easily make a worldclass channel about hotel reviews or food trucks or Indian food. And I would love to do all those things, [music] but instead what I'm choosing is to do a couple things really, really well. So, what is the goal for the future? To me, the goal for the future is to do something that is sustainable because if you guys keep watching these videos, I would like to keep making these videos. And I could see myself doing that well into [music] the future. It's crazy to think, you know, I'm 41 now, and Anthony Bourdain didn't even get started [music] on TV until he was about 42. and he had a nearly a 20-year career. So, the goal for me is to not be in [music] such a rush, to create an environment where people can flourish, where they can push themselves, where they can do hard things, where they can keep it up over long periods of time. And instead of making the most videos possible, I want us to make the best videos possible. And for me, the goal for the future is to set the benchmark for travel [music] food, whether it's on YouTube or any other platform. But I can't do it alone, and I wouldn't want to. For me, one of the most satisfying feelings of working with a team over these years is seeing people become better than [music] me at their craft. Seeing editors who started with very little experience build up into worldclass [music] storytellers. Seeing producers find stories that we've not heard anyone [music] else tell anywhere on any other channel. And seeing camera guys who can mostly keep the shot in focus. Don't make it out of focus on purpose now. I hate you. So, for me, I want to say a huge thank you to my team and everybody who's contributed to Best Ever Food Review Show. Whether you're a local producer in a different country, a co-host, or a vital part of this team who ensures that the show is going out week after week at a high level of quality. A hello, baby. You look so cute. Can you say hi to the camera? For the future, we intend to keep pushing the envelope. This last year, I was very proud that we went to an extremely difficult country, Afghanistan. Yeah, that was a bad move, huh? She's like, you went where? I didn't know about this. four guys with big guns and multiple huge barriers just to get into the hotel. So, in the future, I plan to do more of the same, looking for countries and looking [music] for stories that other people haven't documented and telling those stories in a way that you guys will appreciate watching again and [music] again. So, that is 10 years of best ever food review show. Guys, thank you so much for everything. My heart is full and I can't wait to see what the future brings. Do you want to say a piece? A piece. She can't talk. She's one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BestEverFoodReviewShow [223 likes]: Save $100 and get 20 free meals during Suvie’s New Year’s Sale before it ends: https://www.suvie.com/?utm_source=befrs&utm_medium=youtube&utm_campaign=youtubedecember25
  2. @RuvejdOx: Fk yeah!
  3. @Respectwithme3: who write that comment that was me had kill me😂😂
  4. @kevohmistari: I absolutely enjoy the videos. Kudos!
  5. @andywiththebubba: i am fat and broke and so this gives me alot of motivation
  6. @anthonysgreat: You can eat highly rated food too bro. It doesnt have to be the most unique or extreme all the time.
  7. @kaylawiththeblueeyes: I've been here for at least 8 of those years. 🎉 this is great to see
  8. @Authenticallyhumanbeing: No Bandana in the pilots
  9. @stefanjoksa: Very motivational, thank you for this video!
  10. @shotbyemiel: One of the best motivational videos I have seen in a while. Thanks for sharing your experiences!! And I hope everyone here gets to live their dreams one day.🙌
  11. @BillLaisenia: Wow....💯❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏👏🔥🔥🔥🔥 Your journey and transformation is such a motivation. Big fan from Fiji 🇫🇯
  12. @teresacallahan5701: I love your show and found it when covid hit.  Glad you and family are happy.  Your daughter is beautiful.  A peace ✌️
  13. @TheBestSubcriber: Wow, found this channel back in 2019 looking back on it now didnt know I stumbled onto a goldmine. Idk why but i always thought he was always just a professional crew sorta besides the lore he drops mid videos. Releasing now I perfer the second channel a little more 😂
  14. @Kaylala-3x: I love these video's.  I pray for this confidence oneday
  15. @U.S.ArmyVeteran: What an amazing recap of your journey! Thank you for sharing this with us!!!
  16. @76MARD: Keep going, Sonny boy! It really is the best on the web. It's never boring!
  17. @StringfurySel: Philippines #1
  18. @1hunnitforever: Legendary 💯
  19. @jaliaadakuru: I speak more success in your life sonny
  20. @jasonworker1772: Thank you for sharing your journey. It's so nice

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not gonna lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your smaller YouTube channel, that might be because it actually is. But there is also a simple way that you can address this. We wanted to find the ultimate answer to why channels feel like they get stuck in the land of no views. So we went straight to the source - Oh my gosh, the algorithm changed. I'm not getting as many views. - That's Todd. He works at YouTube, and he knows the YouTube algorithm like the back of his hand. He's also you know, friends with Mr. Beast. So if there's anybody that knows how to get on the good side of the YouTube algorithm, it's gonna be Todd. Todd actually gave us five YouTube insights that you're not gonna hear on any other YouTube algorithm video. It was his last tip that especially threw me off. So trust me here. Watch these tips and watch them in order if you want your small channel to turn into a big one. Choose to ignore these tips, and the YouTube algorithm may just keep ignoring you. So let's get into it. Here's what creators have gotten wrong about the YouTube algorithm. - The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. "Oh, well, I make a video, and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. - So in other words, it's the YouTube viewer that actually gets to summon the YouTube algorithm. But if that's the case, how can you as a creator make sure that your video is the one to show up? We use the watch history as probably the most important signal that we know about a viewer to figure out what they might wanna watch next. - And here we're actually getting a little bit closer to that answer. It is watch history that you need to be worried about. If you want your videos to be pulled by the YouTube algorithm, then you need to get into somebody's watch history. And as we know, that's easier said than done. Now, if you already have a few subscribers, there's a good chance that they are the ones to watch your videos, and therefore you end up in there watch history. But what if you're starting at zero, and the algorithm has no idea who best to pair your videos with in the first place? - When we have absolutely no behavioral data, we're going to probably rely more on the metadata, the data that we have in terms of the title and the description, and I would say search is probably the first place for fresh videos. You upload a brand new video around Minecraft. We're going to consider that video when somebody searches for Minecraft based on the title and description. - Okay, so this is helpful. YouTube search your title and your description, and these are things you could be focused on to start bringing in those new viewers when you're starting from zero. But maybe you feel like you're already doing this and yet you're still struggling. What else could possibly be wrong? Todd had an answer to that too. - I would discourage creators from trying to like compete in the most competitive spaces in the world. And so rather than go after like, the Minecraft query for example, you might wanna find a niche that isn't already being served by a million other videos. Spend time looking at what viewers see, and see where can you produce the best video That's gonna be better than what's already there because that's where the opportunity is. - I love it that an employee at YouTube is calling a spade of spade here. YouTube is inherently a competitive space. At the end of the day, your success on YouTube is gonna depend on you making videos that stack up against the competition you have. And it would be so nice if our high-quality videos that we make could compete in any niche on YouTube, but that's just not how it works. And so as a creator, you need to be really thoughtful and strategic about which niche on YouTube you decide to enter into. But there was something else that Todd said that caught me completely by surprise. - I wouldn't rely entirely on YouTube as the only way to drive attention to your content. Identifying other places where your content might be relevant. It could be everything from Facebook groups, Discord servers, Twitter, et cetera. Seed your video in places where you are going to get some watch history, and kickstart that signal. - Todd is debunking a huge myth here. Contrary to popular belief, You actually should be promoting your small videos on other platforms outside of YouTube. Now, obviously that doesn't mean you should go around to every subreddit, and Discord server you find, and just spam your video links all over the place. Relevance is gonna be key here. You wanna go to the places where your community is hanging out, and you wanna provide videos and maybe clips from your videos that can help them perhaps with a problem they're having. And if you choose to disregard that last bit of advice, then I would highly caution you here because you could end up paying for it. YouTube's not exactly once again, going to know who to pair it with. So really, be thoughtful when you're sharing your content outside the platform. Crap, I gotta work. I have like three more paragraphs. Don't buy cats. If you wanna be a YouTuber, that's the real advice. Don't do it. And for those of you who aren't really keen on the idea of sharing your videos outside of YouTube and doing all that legwork, don't worry this isn't something you necessarily have to do forever. You're just doing this at the beginning of your journey to give the algorithm a little bit of a nudge in the right direction. Once you get a bunch of people that have your videos in their watch history, and they're your ideal viewers, the YouTube algorithm can step in, and do the rest. - Now these are all valid strategies, but one strategy I wouldn't recommend is chasing

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [234 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @requiem07rl [2 likes]: How to grow your YT channel quickly
Step 1: Check watch histories
Step 2. Post on places other than YT
Step 3 : Don't buy a cat
  3. @mohammed.almansi [1 likes]: I am a new channel. I like this video.❤
  4. @SirCundleBerryGaming [1 likes]: Nope im giving up. Youtube sucks only the most moronic careless videos get the most attention. Fk this app fr
  5. @QuietPawsMedia [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @LostHistoryArchive [1 likes]: Leaving this here to hopefully get some likes and keep me moving! 😂🎉
  7. @DopamineDrill-p5j: I love how short and detailed your videos are🙂
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @HorizonHostel: Thank for 429 subscriber
  10. @artlessonsvideo: thanks sir.
  11. @Paleo-Noel-Z-Workshop-s4p: Nahhh it's hard I'm still hate Lower views because is too unlucky 😢
  12. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you, this is helpful
  13. @Linuuyrr: Help me guys i love to start streaming please ☘🥺
  14. @ashprokingmusic: This is really helpful. Thanks, @vidIQ!
  15. @IILMLAB: @MrTubemaster
  16. @BibleStudy_online: 🥰🥰🥰
  17. @Conalgrblx: To be honest the my tip is keep posting and keep believing
  18. @Molierestates: Trying to grow my real estate channel in 2026! Best of luck to everyone trying to kickstart there channel! 🙏
  19. @autolapeus: YouTubers let group together here dont give up🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @LamechChosen: This idea was best for my channel getting 2000 views in one hour

- HOW Youtube Changed My Life (in 4 months) | My Journey to Full-Time Creator: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube literally changed my life in four months and in this video I'm going to tell you why that happened how it happened what I did to make it happen and how you can make it happen for yourself let's go back to March of 2024 so a year ago I had sorry my name is Rob if you're new here welcome it's nice to meet you uh and if you're returning welcome back a year ago in March I decided to make a go with this YouTube thing uh I had a channel it was over 3 years old and it wasn't going anywhere it was dying in fact I hadn't made a video in months I made I think seven videos in the previous 20 months leading up to last March but I knew I wanted to do this I wanted to do YouTube I had been kind of studying about it for three years I started my channel in uh January 2021 I think is when I posted my first video yeah I started with a bang I think I made nine videos that first month and then nothing for eight months and couple of fall starts anyways the long and the short of it is uh by last the start of last year here um the channel was going nowhere but I decided I wanted to make a go of it I didn't want to just be a freelancer um uh the rest of my life which is what I was doing and I was I was good at it uh I was making good money um but it was a lot of work and I wanted to move from making videos for people to teaching people how to make their own videos okay so that was kind of the the Catalyst for me so in March of last year I needed to come up with a plan okay and the plan was make three videos a week and one live stream every week and if I could do that and promote my live streams from my videos and promote my videos from my live streams uh if I could do that then I would grow that was the plan um now I actually started the plan in January uh but it took me a couple months to put everything together uh the biggest hurdle for me was uh how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot the live streams are kind of easy once you do them I mean it took me um took me uh several times to get kind of comfortable doing it and when you first start live streaming you're not going to have anybody watching you so you're live streaming to nobody uh but that's okay just have something ready to demonstrate but the three videos a week was was an issue it's like how am I going to make three videos a week that's a lot uh take it to it took me 20 months to make seven right so um what I did is I had to come up with a framework for my videos and every video was to be to have the same framework um I had decided I was going to teach people how to edit videos uh not necessarily from start to finish but more individual little things to how to videos so every video was going to have like a demonstration in the middle but it was also going to have an intro and going to have an ending every intro I want it to be less than a minute and in that minute I wanted to announce what I was going to show them in the video but then I was also going to plug my own live streams okay I tell every everybody that every week if you have any questions or you want to see me demonstrate something come by on Tuesdays at 2:00 I settled on a date in a time uh uh come by with your questions and I'll help you out uh and I also plugged the fact that I'm making three videos a week and I I said that I making these videos all the time so if there's anything else you want to see from me let me know in the comments below uh subscribe if you want to see more so that's the way I set things up and then also the ending the ending I did the same thing I plugged the live stream and I plugged all my videos okay uh and then when it came time to to do the live streams uh I would have a an intro kind of ready for those as well um where I would explain to people what I'm doing uh and uh those started slow I think I had four people in my first live stream uh my first one last March that is it wasn't my first one ever um but uh yeah had four and then I think I had seven the second one uh so it started slow but uh it it grew anyways the back to these videos to do to do three videos a week so I had the framework all set up to I I also needed systems in place so I needed uh a recording system and also an editing system the recording system was that I was going to make my intro and my outro in one go in one take and to do those I would write a script and use a telepromter because I I didn't want to mess those up I wanted them to be delivered really quickly uh I I knew retention was a big thing that I wanted PE I want I needed to be able to retain people uh and so I wanted to deliver those quickly and the only way I could do that was with a teleprompter um so I know I'm kind of against them now but not always I do use it every once in a while but I do think it's important to learn how to talk to the camera like this kind of off off the cuff like what I'm doing now but anyways I used a teleprompter that was part of the the plan uh and then the middle part of the video I would I would record separately uh because the middle part was also recording my screen and demonstrating something uh and that would be basically the meat of the of the uh video and then I would edit edit them all together and I would edit them consistently so they all kind of looked the same same intro uh same like Graphics uh I I made a little animated logo of the Camtasia logo uh I I got some music that I really liked and I use that same music every time um so yeah and that way I was able to copy and paste that intro um with a new recording of me every time and because every video was going to be about something different uh but essentially the framework was going to be the same for every video so that allowed me to make those more quickly and in fact I could make more than three a week I was making sometimes five a week I was getting ahead of the game so I could schedule them in advance something else I did is I set up my desk the way I wanted it to so that it would be very easy for me to start recording so if I saw a comment one of of my videos uh or somebody asked me a question in a live stream uh I could immediately write it down and then when I finished doing what I was doing I was ready to record I could just hit record on the camera record on my screen record on my audio and record and it was very quick and as long as I kept my videos relatively short then I could do these three videos a week so by short uh I tried to aim for between five and 10 minutes um and take a minute off for each of the intro and the outro so that would be you know 3 to eight minutes of actual content so that was the plan so now let's get to the results of of my plan and and these four months March April May June of last year uh so again before March I think my watch hours were 285 um hours per month and the previous month and if you do the math to get 4,000 watch hours in a year which is what you need to be monetized uh that averages 333 hours per month okay um and uh so I was averaging less than that and the channel was shrinking uh but what happened was in March I got 324 hours so almost to the average of 333 that I needed so but that was great it was growing 324 hours and 85 subscribers I got in March uh so awesome what about the next month April I got 800 watch hours so huge I more than doubled the watch hours in April because I was making three videos a week uh each new video was getting more and more uh views and and my subscriber count was growing as well it went up to 170 new subscribers in April then in May the watch hours jumped to 1360 just for that month so at that point I'm I'm looking at it thinking wow I like I just have to keep doing what I'm doing and I'm going to be monetized in a month or two um and that's exactly what happened so 1360 watch hours in May 294 new subscribers uh so that's awesome and then in June I got over 2,000 watch hours and 474 new subscribers and I was monetized so it happened that quickly four months once I decided I just needed to get consistent and uh once I put my plan in place uh it happened for me now is this always going to happen no no uh and I do have some ideas as to why it happened for me uh the way that it did and I think the number one thing besides having a consistent plan uh I think the number one thing was that I was making videos that helped people solve a problem uh every one of my videos was teaching people how to do something uh and the fact that I was responding to all of my uh subscribers all of my viewers um with videos that they were asking for right I was never in need of coming up with a an idea for a new video because I had a list of 10 to 20 because people kept asking me for more more videos videos on this videos on that and uh uh so they were feeding me the ideas all the ideas I needed so I was being as helpful as I could and I was building trust with my audience and I think that's the key that's the key it allowed me to grow as quickly as I did and I got my first paycheck from YouTube uh for June and it was $28 a modest amount it's not going to pay any bills but uh I was on my way and I knew all I had to do was keep on doing what I was doing and that was probably going to keep on growing and other opportunities would open up as well because you can make money through YouTube uh or with a YouTube channel uh in way more ways than just through their ad Revenue um and I started to do that in the months that followed so let me just tell you though before I wrap this up tell you about the month after that in July um I had a video go viral so I was expecting I think I was kind of expecting maybe around 4,000 watch hours uh based on how my growth was going and and uh how the live streams were growing uh but what happened was I made one video that was a little bit different I took a chance and I made a video that was a little bit different than all my other videos um it was still targeted to the same audience I knew who my audience was they were people who were editing videos uh with Camtasia um mostly for other people so I made a video that that basically said if you're over 40 years old I think you should start your own YouTube channel and that resonated with a lot of people way more than just my subscribers so what happened was in July I got instead of the 4,000 watch hours I was hoping to get I got over 30,000 watch hours uh because of that one video that one video uh pushed me up over 16,000 subscribers um brought in over 12,000 subscribers that month that video alone uh uh because it really resonated with people so do I am I saying you need to have a video go viral for this to work for you no not at all uh I'm I'm hoping that what I demonstrated was that I was on my way anyways before that video Hit um and and but what happened was instead of the $200 that I made in June for July I made almost $1,700 uh and then it came back down in the months that followed but has since uh grown to surpass that the results of the plan that I put in place in March of last year uh and what what I did in those first four months the result of that is that I am now a full-time YouTuber no the AdSense money alone is not enough to pay all of the bills uh it it certainly has grown and continues to grow uh but I'm now making money from other sources like affiliate commission course sales I created a couple of courses and I'm making some more as well coaching I started off offering coaching and I'm developing a uh a mentorship program uh there's just a whole bunch of things that that brand deals um what else is there something else I'm missing something anyways there's a whole bunch of other ways you can make money once you have a channel uh that uh you build that's helping people you know people need help with all kinds of things not just video editing um so hopefully this video will kind of open your eyes a little bit as to as to how uh you can grow a channel um and how you may be able to apply what I've done to what you are doing uh and the types of videos that you want to make it all starts with coming up with a plan develop a plan put systems in place that help you uh create more videos faster and help you uh follow your plan to uh reach the goals that you want to you want to reach um you can do this you can do that it's not rocket science yes I'm still busy I still busy I'm very busy I'm probably busier than I was before but uh I love what I'm doing uh and I probably won't have to stay this busy forever uh as the channel grows you can kind of sit back a little bit more maybe not make I'm still making one to three videos a week uh the three video weeks are quite busy uh and I'm still doing my live streams every week because I absolutely love those they're a lot of fun uh and if you want to join me in the next one Tuesday 2:00 1:00 Eastern 2 o'clock here in Halifax uh uh I'll be live again so uh yeah that said I hope you found this helpful uh you can do this you just got to put a plan in place and follow it and before you know it you'll be where I am or way past where I'm at thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video all right bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @servingtheonlycreator7428 [2 likes]: I'll be monetized soon. Thanks for the help.
  2. @buildwithtom [1 likes]: Great video Rob!  Fellow maritimer eyeing YouTube over here!  Thanks for the solid advice and figures.
  3. @Cooking-withE [1 likes]: I just started mine not long ago! Keep up the great content!
  4. @Karolina.InnerShift [1 likes]: that was very useful and motivating :) thank you
  5. @ThreadedNerd [1 likes]: Thanks! I am just getting started and was starting to get stuck on where I should start with my content because I have ideas.. lots of them LOL .. I have a goal to drive traffic to my apparel site but ultimately want to create content that will help customers/audience relate to me and want to buy the shirt designs I make. But trying to decide how to get started or make an initial plan was starting to feel impossible because I am not used to putting myself out there and being on camera. I am going to check out your next video about camera confidence 101 LOL.. I'm 45 and wanting a change. It's time.
  6. @StankaSimonovic [1 likes]: Thank you! I started my channel 10 days ago and I’m really excited. I truly love what my channel is about. Hoping I can grow it and get an audience. Your video is amazing!!!
  7. @LongiBrudda [1 likes]: Thank you for this. I've watched the whole video and took notes but to paraphrase the key message (for me anyway) is "Develop a plan, put systems in place to create and upload content quickly, and follow your plan". Is that broadly right?
  8. @Kingfish888 [1 likes]: You go Rob! Very impressive & inspiring. I’m launching my 1st YouTube channel any day & I needed this pep talk.
  9. @edasjourney [1 likes]: Good luck all 🎉
Sometimes it is so difficult to keep going.. we give up too easy when we don’t see anything much at the start whereas if we did take in to account the small wins and steps it would be way more motivating - I guess 🙈
  10. @Fon10s_Perspective [1 likes]: I started my channel and posted my first video on this month. Thank you Rob.
  11. @brianphelps6607: How did you pay the bills during the first 4 months? If you work a 9-5, there's no space for 3 videos per week and all those revenue sources.
  12. @TheFinReaperBowfishing: Maaaaaan im trying to build ! Keep it going bro
  13. @mg.shahriar: Reality is crazy sometimes, while working full time and after spending 10 hours in front of screen then come back home sometimes do not feel like spending extra minutes to make videos. But still keep going. Will replace 9 to 5 one day with youtube. Keep going guys.
  14. @NelsonDIYFix: I actually followed your advice before about not forcing videos to friends/Facebook and just letting YouTube find the right audience.

Back then I only had around 100+ subscribers, now I’m close to 1k. Consistency really works 👍
  15. @mschreib: Stand still & what are you 
talking about? You ramble
  16. @MensHairReviewGGR: Have been trying to do this for the past 3 years now and I think one of the hardest parts is staying committed & consistent! Thank you for the inspiration
  17. @shelliwiser9530: his background is deja vu of a nightmare. traffic jam and high speed chase. walking. weird
  18. @SimpleZ1997: I have to ask after just starting on YouTube. Can anyone really make it on this platform? It seems like such a long journey to make it
  19. @elizabethsonga7698: I'm 70 I need to do YouTube. What do I need.
  20. @DavidMichael-bi3jw: 4 months? you are one of the lucky ones. It took me 18 months to monetize my channel, only to find out they pay $1 per 1000 views. Rather learn a high income skill, dont waste your time on YT. The reality is it wont take you 4 months, and the rewards will be low.

- 1.2M Followers in 6 Months… My Content Marketing Strategy REVEALED: Kind: captions Language: en Six years ago, I told clients of Gym Launch that they should stop making content because they were wasting their time. I was partially right and partially wrong. And in this video, I want to break down the shift that I've had in terms of content marketing and its role within a business, the five phases in building a content marketing machine, and how to focus on one of two primary objectives with content marketing. And so, if you don't know who I am, my name is Ashramoszi. I own acquisition.com, portfolio of companies right now does over $150 million a year. I make these videos cuz I hope that you use the stuff, you make a bunch of money, and then you come and join acquisition.com so we can invest in your business. That's why I do it. Let's rock and roll with the phases of content. I'm going to walk through the five phases and then I'm going to talk about which of the objectives you're solving for each of these and then finally like of an outscale version. All right, phase one is you make something and you post it. That's it. You just got to post something sometime somewhere. And believe it or not, a lot of you guys haven't even done phase one, which is why I have to outline it. Number two is that you post something consistently. You create a cadence or a calendar around when you post. You find a platform that you like, ideally one that you're probably already using and you just post again after you posted once. And you say, you know what, this was 7 days apart. If I do this every 7 days, I will now be consistent. For me, I just know that there's one day a week that I do all my marketing stuff. What I do on that day changes, but it's always marketing related. But that's what's worked for me. Maybe it'll work for you. The third phase, you post. You post reliably, and you do it on all platforms. That's a massive increase in the amount of volume that you are posting. This is when it transitions in terms of objectives, and I'll get to the objectives in a second. Phase four is that you go from posting just even once on every platform on a regular cadence to maximizing how much every platform can take. The short form platforms can take sometimes five, 10 posts a day, like Twitter or Tik Tok, Facebook reels at this moment. Rules change all the time. If you have a newsfeed style where you have an audience that it's pushing stuff to, they tend to fatigue faster and they don't want to get overwhelmed with one person. That's usually where you get capped out at one or two times a day. And so what you have to do is look at all the platforms, figure out what the max amount is that you can publish on a platform, and then all you do is you crank the volume on all of them at the same time. That's phase four. Most people never even get to phase four. And then phase five, you go from creating for all of those to capturing and creating. For example, if I wanted to have a show where everybody called in and then I could repurpose all that stuff across content, that would be me deliberately creating content in a way across all those channels. and not only creating but also capturing so that I could further enhance my reach and the amount of volume that I created. And the big rule with volume that I have is that there's no such thing as too long only too boring. The second rule that I have is quality over quantity, but quality quantity wins over quality. In order to know what is quality, it usually takes reps to get good. And so you will probably do a lot in the beginning and it will probably suck, and that's okay because it is a requisite for getting good. You start by sucking and then you get better and then eventually you suck so little you're actually good. The difference between phase 1 and two and phase three four five is the objective. If you're doing phase 3 4 5 the objective is to generate new customers from content and it's different than phase 1 and phase two where the only reason you can do that is just to have lead nurture just to give you guys some sales stuff just to give you guys some fodder and just test some hooks. Those are the five phases. If you're a small business owner that costs time and that costs money. So what do you do? is I actually have had this conversation with probably half of our portfolio companies in the last 3 months. What is the role of organic marketing play in the business from concept of acquiring customers? That's why we do this stuff, right? We do this to acquire customers. If you have other ways of getting customers, which for most of you would be manual outbound, affiliates or paid ads besides referrals and if those are the primary channels, you do not want to take your eye off the ball in there. That's what's paying the bills. That being said, the purpose or the objective of having the organic content is lead nurture, not lead generation. So what happens is someone comes in through an affiliate. Someone comes in through a paid ad. Someone comes in through manual appound because you had an SDR call them or they got a cold email. What do they do? They look at your social profile. They look at your website and they say, "Is this person legit?" The only litmus test you have to pass there is that you've posted something recently that's not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's really it. They'll probably consume two, three, four pieces of content and say, "This guy or this gal knows what they're talking about. This is recent enough that I know that they're still in business. This is a legitimate business." That's all we're trying to accomplish here. And if you do start to have content that starts performing better than others, that gives you two things. One is it gives the sales guys content that they can proactively feed to the prospects. And so what you should build is a master Excel sheet of your best content of all time because there is some content that you've made knowingly or unknowingly that convinces more people to buy from you. On that content sheet, you'll have one of the FAQs. What are the types of questions that people ask on sales calls? Which gives you great fodder for the types of content you'll make in the future. And again, you do it for one for the sales team and two for marketing. You do it for the sales team because as soon as they have that question, they can send that as a reply between call one and call two to close a prospect. Or if they have the question that they found out before the call, they can send it to them beforehand, increase the likelihood they close. But that's the first tangential benefit besides nurture that making this content helps you with. The second one is that it gives you an idea of what you can start leading with on your paid side. They're disproportionately saving it, disproportionately sharing it. When you run paid ads, you can look at your organic content be like, "Dude, I don't know what it is. People went nuts for this." If for some reason this headline or this hook worked well, you weave it into every one of your cold emails and you can split test it and say, "Wow, this beat our control." And so think of the the content that you're making as just lowrisk ways of testing hooks and headlines to get people to buy from you. Phase one and phase two, if you're in one of those camps, you don't need to do anything else. That's it. That's all you got to do. If you want to know what it looks like to actually use content marketing as a way to generate leads, phase three, which is your posting once a week or on some cadence on all platforms. The purpose of phase three is learning what packaging looks like on each of the platforms. If you've ever seen that meme that had like Tinder, LinkedIn, Facebook, and like Instagram platforms are all a little bit different. Same person just packaged a little differently. This tweet here, then getting put into a Tik Tok, then also getting put into a YouTube short, and then also getting put into a real. It's the same concept, the same subject matter, but we package it a little bit differently. Phase four is you then say, "Great, I feel like we finally get each of these platforms." And this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] takes time. It takes probably six months and this is if you have means to pay for this stuff and I'll get into the cost in a second. Maxing out the platforms which is phase four. Number five is actively creating. So candidly right now I'm barely scratching phase 5. We're actually just dialing on phase four which is maximizing across all platforms. We're not really there yet. We're maxed out on probably half the platforms at Moz Nation. That's what we're doing right with 345. You're actually making good enough content that the platforms are serving it to new audiences because they are able to grow the amount of time people spend on the platform because your stuff is good. that pay you in impressions for providing value to their audience. More followers, more likes, all that stuff. You still have to have a way to convert those people into customers. And so, the way to do that is just having call to actions. For example, if you're a business doing $3 million or more and you're in internet business, go to acquisition.com. You can fill out the stuff for minority investment. That's what we do. Put that into your content and then the rest of your time, you're just providing value. You don't need to get fancy with it. You don't want to be one of those guys who just pitching all the time. A lot of people oversell the small amount of demand they have. So they can never grow the audience. The more you give, the more you grow. The more you take, the more you shrink. And when you do it that way, you never go hungry because you always have more people knocking on your door than you have seating in your in your house. From a cost perspective, there's time cost, there's long-term cost, and there's money cost. If you start doing content as your way of getting customers, expect it to take a long time. I started making content for Acquisition.com about 18 months before we really started seeing any kind of deal flow or growth across the platforms. If you think about this as a long-term play, I still believe that fame is the most efficient business model. All right, it's one of the best ways to arbitrage making money, but it takes time and no one's willing to wait, which then gives you a competitive advantage because patience is one of the ultimate advantages is that you're just willing to do things for an unreasonably long period of time without thinking you're smarter than you really are. A quote from Neil Strauss, even at phase three, it's going to be pretty much beyond your capacity to actually create, capture, edit, and distribute across all platforms. You're not going to be able to do it on your own. And so, you need some degree of leverage. That leverage is going to come in the form of labor. You're going to have to pay people to help you out. In the beginning, the more costly way of doing it, but faster is to have vendors. So to have people who are specialists on each of these platforms, because what they're going to do is get you up to speed five times faster. They're going to already know all the mistakes that people normally make. Now, one thing that you have to look out for for vendors, and this is especially important, you know, for me, is that most vendors are data driven. And what I mean by that is they get obsessed with clicks and views and impressions and subscribers. That's good to a degree. It's okay to be satisfied with a smaller audience that's just the type of person that you're actually looking to attract. It's hard to make the shift and it's really hard to ram it down their throats because most clients that pay them only care about those things because they don't know what else to measure. Just because it's easy to quantify doesn't mean it's important. The values that you have, the messages that you want to get out there, who you're trying to reach will be more important than the quantitative metrics. Are those good litmus tests in terms of if nothing you ever have hits? Yeah, you should probably pay attention to that. But if only one specific type of thing hits and it's not core to who you are, you got to be able to resist that temptation because otherwise you're going to build this audience doing stuff you don't want to do, attracting people you don't want to be with. For us to put out the stuff that we put out right now across all platforms for Leila and I cost about 70,000 a month. That's to put out roughly 160 pieces of content a week. You're like, "Oh my god." Like I know it's a lot. That's because we're trying to promote. We're using this instead of using paid ads. So, if I were to just pay for the impressions, it would cost me about $2 million a month to get the impressions that right now cost me about $70,000 a month. I have a lot of cost savings doing it organically. The lever on that though is how good you are. And that's tough. And it probably sounds weird for me to even say this, so take it the way that you probably or hopefully know that I mean it. Most people talk about stuff that they don't have the right to talk about. Just because you call yourself an expert doesn't make it true. And so the question is how narrowly can I define the problem that I solve so that in that tiny world in that pond I am king. You might not be the best business person in the world. I'm not. But the question is of all the sources of information that are both entertaining and educational is the stuff that you put out there good enough that people are like I will pay attention to this person because if you've ever struggled to give away your services for free it's because the biggest cost isn't your price. If people aren't willing to pay for it with their attention then it has other costs which is it's not worth their attention. Why should this person listen to me? And why is this worth their time? If you can answer those questions in the content that you're making in a tangible way that their life is going to get better as a result, they'll come back and tell their friends. I'm not Andy Vcell. I'm not Gary Vee. I'm not Ed Mylet. I'm not all closing in on a billion dollars plus. I'm not Grant Cardone. Well, don't try and compete with them. But if you're like, "Hey, I'm the fastest toilet fixer in this side of Tuscaloosa." You might only be competing against three guys. If you have evidence, you are beyond reproach. If someone looks at you and says like, "Hey, man, your content's crap." You can be like, "This is how you fix toilets. I'll try and be more entertaining next time, but this is how you fix them. And you have evidence that you fixed 500 toilets this way. First, you're fixing toilets, and then you're talking about how you can expand a plumbing business, and then you're talking about how you can expand a local business, and then you're talking about marketing on whatever specific method you use to grow your thing, and then you're talking about expanding an enterprise, and then lo and behold, you're a business expert, but it takes time. If you're a small business owner, you can do the first two phases, just post about stuff, make sure it's valuable, just to make sure that you are a legitimate looking business that looks like its doors say open on it. That's all we're trying to accomplish and help the sales guys out. If you want to make content marketing your actual lead generation machine, then you need to invest in it the same way you invest in it for paid marketing. You're going to probably have to have vendors. You're probably over time once you learn from your vendors, you're going to bring employees in-house and you're going to teach it to them. And then you start scaling the volume up internally. And then phase five, you go max out mode, right? You start cranking out on everything and then you start creating stuff specifically. But when you're doing that at that phase, you probably don't need to worry about this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexHormozi [2 likes]: Download your free scaling roadmap here: https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap-yt-d
Get the $100M Book Bundle: https://shop.acquisition.com/pages/100m-book-bundle
Business owners: Want to scale faster? We provide in-person advisory for companies doing at least $1M per year: https://www.acquisition.com/workshop-yt-d
  2. @AkansoAkanso [1 likes]: Perfect sounds track 🎉❤
  3. @ssh-ghostt [1 likes]: The idea of using organic content as a low-risk testing ground for hooks before running them as paid ads is pure gold, definitely a masterclass in efficiency 🚀📈
  4. @bwalyamulenga841 [1 likes]: Whos here in 2026😂
  5. @chichoquesada [1 likes]: Just me. This is my second year hard working. I know I will a have a team later. For now I’m on it. Just don’t quit.
  6. @ericmaus: 'Just because it's easy to quantify doesn't mean it's important. Values, messages, and who you're trying to reach are more important.' Good advice.
  7. @ClaritytoCashflow: I think you just changed my life 🤧
  8. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the system that makes your social strategy feel like it was built by a brand that already owns the room.
  9. @AkansoAkanso: 0:56 0:57
  10. @oksanarachel: what about growing only on one platform per the newest advice? do you believe we should be across all platforms or only focus on youtube?
  11. @AtomicusPrime: Doing reps of this video rn.
  12. @KylenTalia: You’ve earned my like!
  13. @Oganicstrawberrymoontarot: “This made a lot of sense, especially what you said about lives losing momentum when shorts flood a channel. I’m running a live-heavy channel and seeing that exact tension.”
  14. @nahuelsaluzzoUS: Top
  15. @MrR1323: Let's subs
  16. @MrR1323: Growing together
  17. @alexbrosenberg: When you talk about “vendors” who are some proven companies?
  18. @AjayMangal-q5p: Wow, impressive growth! I'm curious, how do you optimize your video titles and thumbnails to grab attention? Any tips on using TubeBuddy or the YouTube Reply Assistant Chrome extension to streamline your workflow?
  19. @ДмитроНадточій-у9я: 🔥🔥🔥
  20. @Christianjonathan333: Who's here in 2025 ❤

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- How To Turn Any Product Into A Viral Story: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to cover how to create content that prints. Doesn't matter if it's organic content, doesn't matter if it's paid content. We're going to go over this ultimate money glitch that I just recently discovered. So, one thing that's crazy, 7.5 billion impressions. That's how many impressions that I've had across my businesses and my organic socials since I started business about 8 years ago. To put that into perspective, the New York Times, the leading publication in the 1970s, had a daily circulation of a million copies. I think this was its peak. To get 7.5 billion impressions, 20,000 years of that daily circulation would need to be done. We truly live in a golden age of being able to get in front of audiences, both paid and organic. So, my promise doesn't matter if you are completely creatively terrible, you don't understand how to use your iPhone camera. By the end of this video, you're going to be an expert and you're going to have a clear road map about how to create your first viral piece of content that more importantly doesn't just get views, it creates money. That's the main thing. It creates sales. You truly will just never look at social media the same because I haven't since. So, we're going to go over that unbeatable formula. We're going to go through key emotions for virality and also sales for paid ads. We're going to talk about how to steal content ethically. I don't just want you going copying frame by frame everyone's videos. And we're going to talk about how to post 100 times more because I'm so sick of you all posting once a day. If it works, post more than once a day. If it doesn't work, stop posting once a day. That's the truth. So, this is the old formula. Everyone's seen this formula, right? So, hook, body, CTA. This is my new formula. So this is the process. We're going to frame swipe. We're going to create a story and we're going to scale. So if that doesn't make sense, it will in a second. I came up with this formula when I realized that content isn't new. It's been around forever. So we had initially the town criers that would stand in a square yelling things which is basically been amplified through Twitter. We had the newspaper publications like the New York Times that progressed into cable TV. These guys had already perfected the formula. So we don't need to learn anything new. I studied how did they get the message across the best. The thing is all of these publications and methods they all knew the best way to get their message across which was the story. There's a reason why we forget facts about history but we remember mythology like Zeus. We don't remember the exact year that world wars were on when they finished those kind of things, but we remember really cool stories. We don't remember the exact sales, revenue, or even business strategies of Steve Jobs, but we remember that he started in a garage. We remember all of the crazy stories that he had growing the brand. when I started on YouTube. So, this was probably I think one year in, two years in, I was getting decent traction, but it just stopped growing. I think that there was a certain amount of people that knew me from my brands, but I just could not get past this 200,000 point. All of my content, my probably maximum video was at 400,000 views. And I was like, I'm going to go back to e-commerce. That's where I make money. This was interesting. It's not growing. It's not worth my time. Then my last video that I post, we restructured the team. Everyone was moving on with different things, focusing on different things. I was like, we'll just have one more video. And the hook of this video, how I went to $500 to half a billion, well, not the hook, just the first 5 seconds is my name is Davey. This is my story. I then go on and tell all of the lessons that I had told in the past two years on these YouTube videos. They were exactly the same. But I changed one thing. I told a story first. I told the story and then I told the lesson. And this is because stories we'll go through the science and then we're going to watch some viral content. Stories impact the brain in a completely different way due to a process called neural coupling. So when I say he kicked the ball, your motor cortex fires as if you were kicking the ball. If I say a spider jumps out and he was very fearful, your amygdala will go. There'll be activity in that part of the brain rather than in stats and facts. It's only those two other areas of the brain getting activated. And there's been tons of studies that that prove this. There was a study that Stanford did where they did two lots of presentations to people. One included stories, one didn't include stories, just had facts. 5% remembered the facts. 63% remembered the story based presentations. So, there's science to back it up. So, but here's the truth. Our stories are now 9x6. They're now vertical. So, let's watch some content. Everyone ready? Welcome back to another day in the life of two guys building the next big protein cookie business. Today, we pulled off an industry first, and it wasn't easy. Over the last few months, we've been grinding behind the scenes because y'all let us know how much you hated the fact that we use seed oils in our cookies. We get it. We heard you loudly. Here's the deal. The seed oils came from margarine, which is super common in baked goods and protein snacks you see on the shelves today. But we wanted to set a new standard. So, back to the drawing board we went. Testing different fat bases. And let me tell you, we failed a lot. Like, a lot a lot. But after months of trial and error and sacrificing way too many cookies, we nailed it. So, they go on to say that they cracked the cookie code. Now, let's compare that content to a video where they go, "We now create a cookie that can reduce inflammation by x% because it no longer has seed oils." Just doesn't have the same ring to it. It doesn't bring the person on the journey. and the fact that they talked about the emotion behind it, the failures that they had make you far more likely to purchase or at least take notice. So, the next one [Applause] [Music] So there wasn't even a voice over there, but you understood the story. It was about someone that was overweight that's trained for an Iron Man. There was like probably six clips in that and there were probably from I don't know few years apart I guess maybe not even a couple years apart depending on how hard he worked. But it was an incredible story. It was incredibly motivating. went super super viral. Now, this is a viral post on my page, which was 45,000 likes. It wasn't even a video, but it was still telling a story. So, here's how you can make a viral post in the next 30 minutes after this presentation. Go write down the past 10, 20 years of your business life. Write one iconic thing that happened in each of those years. Make sure you include the failures. Make sure you build up the hero's journey that they eventually succeed and simply get a photo from that, put a text overlay, create a carousel, post it, and watch it go viral. So, the interesting thing here is that this story that you see here on this carousel, it's the exact story that I told on that YouTube. It's just in a different format. And then I've told it on Twitter. I've just told it across mediums over and over in different ways. and it works every single time. Now, let's cover what makes the story viral. So, you're probably thinking it's the hook. It's the uh structure of the video. It's the the trend overall or it's some random Instagram hack where you like something and add it as your close friend or something like that. But let's watch this video first. So, it's just a video of a kid hugging his dad and it said, "I hugged him with love. He hugged me with hate." There's no hook. There's no structure. There's no hacks. 9.3 million views. But there's a story in that. There's a relatable story in that. There's one thing that it has which is so important, which is emotion. So here's a list of emotions that we can actually target in our videos to create powerful stories. Ask yourself, how does my product create curiosity? How does my product create moral outrage? How does my product create belonging, confusion? Just keep asking yourself those what is a story that I can tell about that. Now I don't think this is groundbreaking but I think when paired with the next slide I wanted to go a little bit deeper and I think it will really make sense for you. These are more techniques to drive that emotion and that virality. So we've got novelty, relatability, visual shock, trend relevance, credibility, and controversy. So, we're going to talk about how these strategies, these techniques can be paired with these emotions to tell viral stories. How do you feel about the cheap replicas in the market now? The most frustrating thing is when it's a blatant counterfeit product. There are so many out there that are like they're thin, they smell bad, taken our patterns, put it on there, they obviously cut the quality down so much so that they can make more money and that just really tarnishes our brand and our product. That's obviously illegal. So, this is a story about counterfeits. I've used controversy because people are like, "Oh, you don't own the product." People are like, "Oh, the Snuggy existed before you. There was competing products out there." It also really frustrates people that certain people are breaking the law. So, this ad probably made me over a million dollars in sales. And you need to not be scared of getting some negative comments. You need to not be scared about creating some level of controversy for your brand because that will help it grow. I think I invented the perfect gift when we first launched. So this is another piece of content of being wrapped in a wearable blanket but as it talks initially about the hook about the make an allin-one version the then goes to the onesie and which we down here it's a bit squished. Sorry I'll fix that. We've got $250,000, a quarter of a million dollars we spent over two months and we've made almost a million dollars in sales through this ad. So, what's interesting about this video, the fact that it's relatable for people, it's relatable for the audience that ended up purchasing or viewing it because they already have an Udy. So you need to understand where your audience is in terms of their life to become relatable. Proximity is relevant. This is why you remember this random story about the burger place around the corner. Maybe it's positive. Maybe it's that they have cockroaches. And nobody else would ever remember that because it's so close. It's so relevant. And we've just created a bit of excitement there. This video here, I'll play it simply because it had 90 million views. I almost didn't include this one, but I loved the visual shock behind it and I'm going to explain how I think we can improve it. So, humans love symmetry and balance. They love fluidity and predictability because it's creating a scenario in the brain that they want to see to completion. They want to see the pattern. The reason why I added this video as well is because unfortunately there isn't a very very clear story behind this. So, how could we make this better? We could talk about the cultural relevance of using wax on the wine bottle, how it increases flavor, how they came up with the idea, like all of like how many sales they've gotten from doing this dipping process versus their other other bottles. Those kind of things will create a story and will convert a lot better. Even though they've got 90 million views, I'd probably rather 10 million views and there'd be some education around the story behind the product than just a huge amount of views. So, next, the recent Tik Tok buyout. We've got Drumstick walking in saying, "Oh, yeah, fine. I'll buy Tik Tok so it doesn't get banned." This is just humor and more importantly, trend relevance. So, they're capturing something that's happening in the news that week. There's tons of people that have mascots. We've got one included. We didn't make a video like this. We didn't tell this story because we weren't on top of the trend. Missed the opportunity, but it worked really well. 15 million views for them. Next, we got a bit of a weird one. 13 years as a coochie doctor, yet no one believes me when I tell them this. Rubbing fig seeds on your breast them go from saggy to perky. It's gonna blow your mind. Contain lots of estrogen. Dipping your face in ice water daily. This is AI. Okay. The model probably wasn't the model. They've just grabbed a doctor that looks similar to her. This person speaking is AI. It's all over. I know what you're thinking, but this is probably some kid in his basement working with like a hundred cheap editors at $5 an hour putting this into Chachi PT saying, "Write me a story about a coochie doctor. Give me lots of tips around this space." And then make sure you include the sales for a product which at the end of this video she mentions the best solution which is a product. But this is the point of what I'm trying to make here is that these AI based videos at the moment the ones that are getting 360,000 likes and 5 million views, they're telling stories because they're the best way at capturing attention. So these people are testing hundreds thousands of pieces of creative and these are the ones that you're going to see. So, if you went and you looked at those videos and you're like, I'm going to tell this exact same story. I'm going to get similar visuals and I'm going to post on Tik Tok and I'm going to win and I'm going to get the same amount of views. You're wrong. If you tell that exact same story, it's going to go to the exact same audience that is already served. This is basic economic supply and demand. When I was talking to one of my friends the other day and they wanted to start a cooking channel on Tik Tok and I was like, "Here's some cool viral ideas. It's a great idea." and she was like, "No, they're they're all cringe. Those ideas, I don't want to be cringe." This is a fundamental problem because people think that new equals cringe. Whereas new, you're finding new pockets, new audiences that are underserved. This is similar with paid ads. If you're selling, let's say, an ice bath and you're making it around muscle recovery and you're trying to run these paid ads and tell these stories about that and then you instantly create a new ad about let's say something completely uh that you know maybe ice bars are toxic if they're not cleaned and there is no content about that. Facebook finally has a place to put that ad because nobody else is running it. So if you want to be creative, but I know what you're thinking. You promised me I'm not a creative person. How do I come up with these stories? How do I find my viral story? I want you to ask yourself these questions. What is something everyone thinks is true about your product but isn't? That's really important. And then we're going to tell it as a story. One of the best examples like Udy being too expensive. If I went and said we use GSM fabric of this this and this is why it's expensive. It cost us this. People are going to go that boring. If I go, I flew to China or I flew to where my factory is to discover the best softest fabric for the UI and this is why it's expensive and tell that story and document that. That's going to go viral. That's going to be in people's head because it's now justified. So, the other one is like the Udie not being long enough, which was a big complaint. That onesie video touches on that. That's something that everyone thinks is true about our product, but isn't because we have the alternative product. So, what's the most heartfelt or inspiring customer success story you've ever heard? Grab your iPhone, tell the story of that customer and post it, and I can guarantee you people will listen. Another thing, focusing on controversy. What's something about your product or service that will frustrate people or have frustrated people? And what's the story behind that? What's a story that proves your product service is different from the competitors? This is different from going my features are this, my thickness is this, blah blah blah. We want to tell it as a story that proves it. What's the strangest and shocking visual you can think about your product and service? This is that visual shock that I want you to think about. We can also pair visual shocks with other trending things at the moment. What's a story in the news that's happened in the past 3 days in your space? Keep your eye on the news because you as an authority of the topic can tell the story about your experience with that news and post it. Then we got step three. This is for the creative illiterates. So we've got frame swiping. Now this is a great quote. If I've seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. Isaac Newton. There's no problem stealing content providing that we do it ethically and really importantly getting around the supply and demand element of it. We can't just copy directly because again that audience is served. So what we're going to do is we're going to watch a small bit of content here and then I'm going to show you how to frame swipe and then we're going to break down the beginning, middle and end. This girl called our product a ripoff. I literally seen a difference and this thing so high smile really big brand. So, this is the table we're going to start filling out. On the left, we got beginning, middle, and end. That's obvious what that is. The start of the video to the end of the video. Then, we got location and visuals. Where are they? Pacing. How quickly are the cuts? Audio and script. What is basically said? Text, like, what visual text can you see on it? Is it captions? Is it the Instagram text? We got lighting, viewers feeling. I added lighting there because I think a lot of people get that wrong and it is actually quite important to change the tone of the video. Viewers feeling, what are they feeling anxious? Those kind of things. Touch on that. And then just any other notes for you guys to copy in. So let's look at this. What video we just watched? We're going to watch it again. Don't worry. We got the warehouse location visuals. Pacing is just normal. There's nothing crazy. It's not fast cuts. The audio and script get these keywords. We're going to talk about language in a second, but it's like they called our product a ripoff. Disgusting, the influencer says straight after it. Then we've got captions. They're in a warehouse and the viewers feeling is curious. They're wondering if High Smile is a ripoff, which may be an already existing belief that that person has. And then we've added the influencer video first 3 seconds as like a cut. And you'll watch all of this now and see it. This girl called our product a ripoff. I literally see no difference and this thing is disgusting. Now, before you judge, I can explain why it didn't work. But this is not our packaging. She clearly tried a fake from Teimu or Amazon like this and this. So, she tried. So, let's cover the middle of the video. It's now changed drastically, hasn't it? This is a paid ad for them. I think it was organic as well. It was crushing it. They've got the warehouse again, and it's gone to a point of view. Did you notice the camera change? because now it's a GoPro on them. Then we've got fast pacing. It's starting to move quicker. It's cutting. We got this is a fake tee/ sheen. Those trigger words captions again warehouse. It's a misdirect. So suddenly the viewers feeling is like what just happened? They're fearful that they're going to buy a fake as well. There's lots of emotion in those frames. And then we're showing the competitor's product. So when the buyer sees the competitor on Teeu, they're like, "Oh, be be aware." So we'll watch the end of the video now just to round this one off. The real V34. And we got this new video back today. So the influencers now are trying a darker purple trying the actual high smile. Oh my god. Now, we apologize for anyone who's made this mistake. So we'll throw in one of our famous flavored toothpaste coming through with an offer in this bundle. You could even pick the flavor, but if you're struggling, ice pop is a crowd favorite. And telling the favorite product. So, just to round this one off, all the same places throw in and then a darker purple as a trigger word. So, this is a Shark Techch investment for 16-year-old girls. It's had over 10 million views. So, this video, let's break it down. The beginning, throwing the problem product away. fast carts. I've got the song there. The trending sounds are really important to know. It's well lit. Curious. The viewer is just curious about the idea. Uh because they're so young pretty much. So, we're really highlighting that they're designing something. There is no ending to that video. Well, it's me saying that it's one of the best clothing products that I' I've felt on Shark Tank. And I think that this is maybe somewhere that where they could have improved that video. So, we could have more of a journey and finish it off. it could have been longer so that we're more likely for the person to remember. Now, one thing that you're probably thinking going through this and when you scroll through Tik Tok tonight, you're going to be like, there are so many videos that have more views than the story-based ones. And I'll challenge you to do this. Go through those videos and then try to remember as many as you can. The next day, I guarantee you, you will remember the storybased ones because brain rot does not make sales. It is not remembered. All of those random videos will just go in one ear, out the other. So, the next skill we need to learn is just mastering your storytelling overall. There's a bunch of techniques that I'm going to go through with some example ads that have really helped me. People ask me, "What's the secret? How do you have so many Shopify plaques?" And the answer is very very simple. Fire your agency. They are scamming you. So this video I said people ask me what's the secret? How do I have so many Shopify plaques? They are two open loops. The first open loop which is basically a statement that is creates curiosity about what's going to come next is what's the secret and the second one is how do I have so many Shopify plaques? They're both, I guess, kind of blended. And there's a concept called the Zy Nick effect. I think I said that right. Which there's scientists noticed that waitresses could remember everything about a person's bill until they closed and paid the bill. Then it would just disappear out of their memory. Because humans are trained to remember things that aren't complete yet. This is why Netflix, the end of the show on Netflix will give you this random cliffhanger we like to call them. And this is why when you're creating content and telling stories, never open with a hook, open with an open loop and then instantly the next sentence close the loop because their curiosity will be solved and they will turn off. We need to create the open loop so that we can educate them further. So the next thing we can do to enhance our storytelling is use powerful language. Too many people in this room are too scared at using powerful language because they're too scared to upset people. Let's take some of these examples. So let's say we're mentoring someone or we're creating some business content and we're like the Udie does this. Let's learn from them. Rather than let's say let's steal the Udie's content technique. That hook there is going to be so much more powerful than the other one. I'm going to take the ice bath example again. Let's say this is the problem with selling an ice bath that does this. This is a national ice bath crisis. Powerful language completely changes how the content is received and is prioritized in the algorithm. So, if you're struggling with this, write out the script or get the video that you've already created, put it into chat GPT and say, make this extremely exaggerated. make the language extremely powerful and see what alternatives they give you. Now remember, it's a game of milliseconds, not seconds. Everyone has that friend that tells a story and it takes forever. If that story takes just a little bit too long, if there's a clip that just is a little bit too long at the end, let's say you're telling a story and there's a bit of a pause after you tell the story before it goes to the next frame, you're going to lose people. It's a game of milliseconds. So make the cuts quick. That's why in the frame swiping I'm teaching you how to look at pacing. Now one final thing about frame swiping is you'll notice we're using high smiles ad here. It doesn't need to be in the same niche as you to do frame swiping. We're grabbing the format. We're not grabbing it directly from competitors because this is a great way of you finally serving the audience for your product in a new format that they're maybe not experiencing. Now we've become masters of storytelling. Now we're going to scale this like crazy so we can print tons of money. The first thing we need to do is remove the founder constraint. A tale as old as time is the founder creates an invention, they film themselves, they get a couple of sales posting about it, goes a little bit viral, then they do it again and again and again and they are limited, their sales are limited to how many times that they can post on social media. Operations gets complex for them. life gets in the way. They stop posting as much. They call me, they go, "Why are my sales dropping?" And I'm like, "You're posting one times a day." Business gets tougher over time under the same conditions because competitors enter the space. You're doing the exact same outputs that created the sales in a tougher condition. Of course, your sales are going down. So, remove yourself as a founder constraint so that you can post more because you don't want to be posting once. You can post three times a day, 10 times a day. Some of my friends post hundreds of times a day. How do we do this with confidence? We start with the data. So, if you're early on in your journey, which a lot of people here are today, you'll look at sales spikes with a viral piece of content. You can look at week on week sales. When you've got a couple of viral videos, let's say you post seven videos in a row during that week uh that go quite well. You look at your impressions. How did that week of sales go? Also, probably you could even look at month. I'm going to do a consistent month of posting versus last month. Is that worth my time? Discount codes early on. You can mention your discount codes and that will be black and white. More importantly, just run the content as Facebook ads. The stuff we've covered today will be applicable for organic content, but it will also work as Facebook ads. And the final thing is find scalable formats. If it's a founder story video that you end up frame swiping, posting, getting good results on, that's not really a scalable format. It's kind of difficult for me to just keep telling my founder story on my main page. People are just going to start tuning out. This is why podcasts, street interviews, some of those people are the biggest creators because they just do the same piece of content on repeat. People consume it. Compare this to something like a travel video or a cooking video. You're extremely limited because you need to make the food and you can't get 15 reels in one day. So, how do we remove the founder constraint and get a team posting a ton? We've got three options here. We've got an influencer that we can go and hire, find someone that's gotten a few views. Linda, the UI girl that works as our social media manager, she started in customer service. She had a 10,000 follower Tik Tok or something like that and she joined and started making videos. Now we've got, you know, half a million followers. You can also look at a videographer and you can also look at a social media manager. You could do a traditional post on LinkedIn, boost it or go and try to poach those roles and find someone that has what it takes. But I warn you, a lot of these people are too corporate, they're too stagnant, and they have never gotten views. The ultimate hiring hack in this place is find someone that has done exactly what you need to do. Hire them, pay them to do it for yourself. And then keep your Google Drive organized every single clip. Ask your mom, ask your grandparents, everyone to upload as much footage as possible from your journeys. Doesn't matter if it's this business, doesn't matter if they're old business. Get your employees to send every video that they have. put it into this Google Drive so that you have massive archives of footage because you're going to need it at scale. The other thing we need to learn is life extenders. So, let's say this viral video that I had about telling my story. We can change the format as I've already talked about. We could use an AI voice over format. We could just change out the hook in a month if we wanted to. And we can just post the same viral story at least four times each. So, if you've already got viral content, go edit that and make add some life extension. Another question I often ask is like, why do we stop at just posting on one account? We could have multiple. There will be multiple different followers on that. Let's say with Udy, we've got an Udy uh creator account or a fan page, like an ultimate fan page, plus we've got the Udy account. Once we find a viral format, we can post different variations to each. Make sure there slightly differed content, stay with it for a long period of time, and eventually both of those pages will be hitting virals. And we can definitely use overseas editors, grab, you can even pay them via CPM if you want. Give them the Google Drive, give them example content, or better yet, just let them run wild with it. Pay them incentive structures. If they hit massive viral videos that translate to sales, pay them really good money and you should absolutely crush it. So, next steps, go ask yourself the questions that we covered. Go do some frame swiping. Post at least 10 stories before you at me. And yeah, go print some

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavieFogarty [26 likes]: Whether you're starting or scaling your e-commerce business, DM 'learn' on Instagram for 1-on-1 mentorship or get access to my free e-commerce course to level up.
  2. @MladenStojanovic [8 likes]: People charge great money for not as nearly great advice as this. Great video
  3. @janakordik601 [1 likes]: excellent advice 🎉🎉🎉
  4. @BillyNguyenMedia [1 likes]: love this lecture
  5. @futurelightz7541 [1 likes]: David, You need more ENERGY in your delivery. It’s not exciting as a good story should be. Try using more body language, hand and facial expressions. Dynamics in your vocal range. Too monotone. Drop the phone so you can communicate with your entire body. Gotta take that hand out that pocket.
  6. @ArendJanV: Awesome video but YouTube is overdoing it with the commercials
  7. @rebeccam4316: wish i saw this when you posted it!!!!
  8. @ADPROFITS-e9i: so there should not be CTA in the video ???
  9. @Shahoriar-g4j: Hello idol,
I hope you are doing well. I am one of your biggest fans from Bangladesh. Your videos and content inspire me every day and teach me to never give up. Your work gives me the courage to dream big and keep trying.
I have been saving up for a laptop so that I can start my dropshipping/business project. I have managed to save more than half of the amount myself, but my family is unable to cover the remaining amount at this time.
I want to ask without any hesitation—if there is any way you could support me with the remaining amount, it would be a huge help in making my dream come true. If it’s not possible, I completely understand, but I thought it would be good to let you know.
Your guidance, inspiration, and support mean so much to me. I am deeply grateful to you.
Best regards,
Shahoriar
  10. @ewanvevo5491: 29:00
  11. @BusinessBankingAndBeyond: By blending creativity with strategic planning, you can create content that not only goes viral but also effectively drives sales.
  12. @crisvels: shalom
  13. @ShahzadKhurram-q5y: the video wads amazing, and a br8lliant knowledge but i ddin't understood the google drive and overseas editor part, can someone explain what do i have to do in these 2 points? 🧊🧊
  14. @Zackalexander-1: A lot of interesting informations in this video. Thank you for sharing
  15. @ewanvevo5491: 7:00 Viral Story
14:15 Cooking channel
  16. @cometbynight: Fact is viral works 🎉
  17. @LslolBcnki: Been helping some TikTok sellers source from Chinese platforms (1688 etc.) — much faster & cheaper than usual.
  18. @Lewi.s: Making content has never been so simplified
  19. @DominguezPetrosso: Very interesting content, I'll be using that for my next ads and organic posts. One thing though, You start with step 2 and have Step 3 Frameswiping and Step 3 Scaling. Something's not right there I think, unless I missed something. Anyways, thanks for sharing this valuable information!
  20. @leonardo.online: só queria te agradecer de verdade pelo conteúdo que você entregou aqui. Sério, poucas vezes vi algo tão direto, valioso e sem enrolação.

Dá pra ver que você fala com vivência, não só com teoria. Isso aqui me destravou várias ideias — valeu mesmo por compartilhar de forma tão generosa.

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @ShilaDas-e5l: Like it
  3. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  4. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  5. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  6. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  7. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  8. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  9. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  10. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  11. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  12. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  13. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  14. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  15. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  16. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  17. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  18. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  19. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  20. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??

- Honest advice for content creators | Watch this if you want to become a creator in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en it's time for some tough love this is my honest advice for anyone who wants to become a Creator this year happy New Year by the way pretty sure it's my first video of the year I am filming in December though just to break the 44 regardless this is a very important video for you to kick the year off with in this video I'm going to break down all of the advice that I wish someone shared with me when I first started my journey as a content creator and by the way this video is sponsored by story blocks more on them later okay first piece of honest advice I'm going to hold your hand whilst I tell you this it is not going to happen overnight and that is okay in fact it's better than okay we don't want all of your creative dreams to happen overnight we don't want to blow up and go viral and wake up to 1 million new subscribers as beautiful as that probably sounds it's not something that we actually want it doesn't set us up for sustained growth or success I actually filmed a video all about why you shouldn't aim to go viral and I filmed this video years ago I'll link to it up here but this is just evidence that I have felt this way from the very beginning let me explain virality is fleeting if you upload a video regardless of what platform it's on and it goes majorly viral in a short period of time a few things can happen one is that your popularity dips immediately afterwards so people love that one video but they never follow you subscribe so you kind of just go back to normal which isn't the end of the world two people love the video that you went viral on so much that you feel like you can only create videos similar to that in the future and anytime you deviate from that video your views drop so therefore you go back to filming the same thing this usually ends in Burn out and you feeling incredibly unmotivated about the work that you're doing three and this is usually the option that people assume will happen you go viral everyone follows you as a result and people love everything that you do like Everything You Touch turns to Gold whilst this Probably sounds like the most amazing is this like a Girl Scout or like a brownie thing that I'm doing whilst that probably seems like the most amazing outcome there is a downside to that outcome too because if you've gone viral suddenly from one video even if you're able to sustain that popularity there's a big chance that you're not making the most of the popularity because your business isn't set up on the back end to actually facilitate that amount of growth for example I've worked with a Creator who went viral once and they remained viral for months and months after that time Their audience just grew they started to get these amazing brand deals and then when I started working with them and I mentioned tax they looked like they'd seen a ghost because they forgot that they'd have to save some of that money for tax that's an example of you blowing up earning a lot of money very suddenly and not having the financial procedures in place to actually support it another example of this is an educational Creator I worked with who went viral and suddenly had a lot of people who wanted to work with her she hadn't thought about the ways in which she would actually work with her audience so she didn't have an offer she didn't know what to charge and she actually ended up missing out in a lot of income and revenue because it took her too long to set up that part of her business all of this to say is that most people will not blow up overnight but that's a good thing so I want you to stop aiming for instant virality and instead I want you to aim for slow and steady growth this is when you're creating content about the topic or the topics could be plural that you're interested in and you're doing it consistently over a period of time and you are slowly gaining more and more people into your audience over that point that steady growth we will have dips from time to time but the steady growth which might take a few years for you to get to the point that you really want to get to that steady growth is far more likely to result in you having longevity in your career as a creator also it is less overwhelming again I know how great it sounds to go viral overnight but going from having a few comments every week on your content to suddenly getting thousands that switch that you go through where the volume of conversations you're having suddenly changes it takes a while to get your head around and this is coming from a Creator who I've had viral is videos but I've never gone as viral as some people go and for me I was likeo this is tough it takes a little while to get your head around right don't rush it the next piece of advice I have for you is to get serious about retention in your videos and get serious about it from now I just making the assumption that you the Creator watching this the business owner watching this you already have videos as part of your content strategy I say this because in this day it's incredibly difficult to not have videos as part of your strategy no judgment though if you're someone who's like I only share photos on Instagram and that's what people love more power to you but most people watching this share videos If you share videos one of the most important things that you could achieve for your video is getting someone to watch majority of it we underestimate the importance of high retention this is going to be one of the main things that is going to help your videos perform well is if you can create content that people want to watch from the start until the end one of my absolutely best tactics for retention is to use videos images sound effects Etc to make your content more Dynamic so don't just rely on you speaking to the camera I know you're probably thinking Jade aren't you just speaking to the camera I am but up until this point have you not seen a bunch of assets appear on the screen whether it's sound effects it's text it's stock videos Etc I'm purposely using these in my video to try and break up my content and keep you retained right this is a tactic that I've used from the beginning but honestly it only started to really work when I started to get all of my media assets from story blocks if you don't know already story blocks is a stock media Subscription Service which gives you access to this huge library of stock videos images audio and sound effects it gives you unlimited royalty-free assets that are suitable for both creators and business owners and it basically allows you to use these assets without having to worry about copyright issues it's really really easy to use and one of my favorite Parts about it is that it gives you unlimited access to all of their media at one set monthly cost this is really important because a lot of other platforms might charge you per clip so that's called paper clip pricing so it's basically like me saying I need to find a video of someone working on a laptop and then pay for me to use that video with story blocks I just pay a monthly fee and as a result of that monthly fee I'm able to get access to all of their media assets and unlimited access to the library that you get access to is honestly one of the best in the market it's refreshed frequently and it commissions content based on customer demand the result of that is that you're able to access high quality diverse content that's suitable for any of your video needs they also compensate all of their artists fairly and I don't think I need to explain just how important that is so if you want to focus on increasing the retention of your video content I really recommend checking out story blocks head to story blocks.com jadb or of course you can visit the link in my description okay so my next piece of advice for you right is having a high posting frequency so basically telling yourself that you're going to post multiple times a day on Tik Tok every day on Instagram twice a week on YouTube etc etc is completely pointless if it's not sustainable and this is like a tough pill to swallow I think because a lot of us know that our best bet to post on social media is to post frequently right so every now and then we get these bursts of motiv ation you're probably getting one right now cuz it's the start of the year you're getting this burst of motivation where you're like oh my God great I'm going to be posting every day on Instagram I'm going to be doing x y and Zed by the end of the year I'm going to grow by this amount but the thing is guys if it's not sustainable for you if that doesn't suit your lifestyle there's no point because you're going to do it for 4 weeks and then you're going to stop and you won't get to actually reap the rewards of having a frequency like that because you didn't do it for long enough or what's even worse for a lot of us is we'll do it for a couple months maybe and then we'll burn out because actually it wasn't sustainable for us didn't suit our lifestyle and just on the lifestyle piece like if you know that you have five kids and you do the school run and they all go to different schools which would be odd but you know that like you're out and about with the kids every day for like eight hours a day or something telling yourself that you're going to post five times on Tik Tok that day when you know for a fact that that's probably not going to happen all you're doing is setting yourself up for failure if you have set a goal to post more content so to increase your frequency on one of your channels which I have this year as well I've set that goal for my Instagram please please please make make sure that you figured out how you're going to facilitate posting more content don't just tell yourself from now on you're going to post five times a week on Instagram make a plan if you are currently operating at full capacity and you do not have any spare time in your day apart from the hour you spend just scrolling on Tik Tok at the end of the day right if you're already maxed out don't tell yourself you're going to post more you're not you don't have any time you have to cut something out in order for there to be space for you to spend more time creating and sharing content right I don't want us to set ourselves up for failure is basically all I'm saying if you're going to increase your posting frequency great I'm rooting for you make sure you figured out how you're going to do it and make sure it fits with your lifestyle okay this one's a little bit deep if you know my content well enough by out you know I have a habit of like putting the slightly trickier conversations to have later on in my video because I feel like if you're still with me by this point then you get me and therefore you're going to understand what I'm saying this learning is that things will change when you start making money not always for the better mostly things will change for the better let's not pretend that money doesn't help a lot of people's lives like of course it does so there's huge benefits from making money sometimes when you're so focused on making money as a Creator the negatives that come with it can sometimes catch you off guard because in your mind you weren't really mentally prepared for any negatives so let me break down what some of these negatives are the first one is that content creation will feel like work for a lot of us when we start this journey content creation is a hobby when you start making money it will not be a hobby it will be a job even if you already have a job it's now another job that you're doing the second it becomes a job it is not as fun at least for most of us you can still have fun doing it but now there's deadline mindes and there's some pressure alongside it so it's not as fun as it used to be that doesn't mean that you hate it okay this is what I mean about people not being mentally prepared for the negative sides is that if you aren't prepared for the negative sides of earning money you can sometimes make them mean more than they do so you start earning money for your content creation and then you're like wait I'm not enjoying this as much as I used to maybe this isn't for me maybe I should change all my content maybe I should quit when actually it's just a natural switch between this being a hobby and this being a job what that also means is that you now need a different Hobby and this took me years years for me to realize this I've only just realized this I still sometimes see content creation as a hobby it's not my hobby anymore it's my job which means I now need a hobby I now need to spend time not on content creation so just keep that in mind another thing that's going to happen when you start making money depending on how you make money is that your audience might start to feel a bit more entitled to you in your life I'm very fortunate in that this hasn't quite happened to me but I think that's because of my Niche I think lifestyle vloggers get this more I recently watched a vlog of a crator who I met a while ago she is moving to another country right and I was like oh how interesting I wonder why she's moving there so I watched the Vlog I scrolled down and a few comments caught my eye she was getting ripped in her comments from her audience basically demanding more information on why she was moving to another country they weren't satisfied with her answer and I literally saw comments which said we pay your bills so you need to tell us why you're moving and that like blew my mind because you guys would never do that to me but I was like what people are going to feel entitled if they feel like they are responsible for your income they will start to feel like you work for them and that can change the dynamic sometimes again not with everyone I'm very fortunate you guys have never made me feel that way but for some people that does happen another negative and one that I have experienced is what happens when you start to sell something so if you start to sell a product or service some people will not like it and that's completely Fair an example have I had with this was I do these challenges inside my membership and I did my Instagram challenge like a while ago and I spoke about it on my community Tab and I got a comment from someone cuz basically in order to do the Instagram challenge it's like a 4-we challenge you have to join the collective and I got a comment from someone being like it's really unfair that you are charging for this challenge which I thought was a really interesting view because in my mind I'm like but all of this content that I share on YouTube is free Nothing in life is free you're giving me your attention you're watching some ads and I'm earning from the ads don't get me wrong but for the most part to learn from me on YouTube it's mostly free so then when I do something like an Instagram challenge that takes myself and my team months to create and months to manage I have to charge for it because otherwise my business doesn't make money but I thought it was interesting that even with a business model like mine that I actually think is pretty fair because so much content is free even with a business model like that people still won't be happy with it and that is just genuinely something you have to accept obviously with all of those in mind these my usual caveats that I have to say for the odd person who doesn't know my content and therefore is probably dodging me right now obviously with all of that in mind being able able to earn money through social media as a content creator is an incredible privilege and none of those negatives negate that like none of those negatives detract from the fact that this is an incredible job to have at an industry to be in these are just things these are just advice and things that I think is worth knowing before you really get going that rhymed next piece of advice everything doesn't work for everyone feel like I have to share this in at least one video every year because it's so important and it's just worth repeating everything doesn't work for everyone now let's take my content for example when I create this educational content about how to I don't know launch your business I'm creating that video for the masses so I'm hoping that loads of people watch it and loads of people get value from it that will mean that there will be a portion of people who watch that video who will be like this doesn't work for me because I want to create a business that sells a product and this video is about how to create a business that sells a service that's okay it's impossible for educational creators to produce content for the masses that will work for every single person because you're so unique your channel is unique your audience is unique instead of watching educational videos like mine or other creators with the mindset of every single thing that is shared must work otherwise none of it works the best mindset to have is I'm going to try all of these tips because one of these will probably work it's okay if the other ones don't those other tips will work for other people that's just something to keep in mind that might help you on your journey another piece of advice is that nobody cares no one cares there's a quote that I've referred to so many times in my videos before is it's not a quote it's a lyric from the streets and the lyric is you'd worry less about what they thought if you realize how little they did I remember hearing this in the early days of my YouTube channel like I don't even know if I'd started it yet and it was just it just scratched that part of my brain that needed to be scratched and I was like yeah I needed to hear this right so maybe you need to hear this today you'd worry less about what they thought so you'd worry less about what all of your friends or your family all these strangers think if you realize how little they actually think about you they don't no one cares no one cares we're all so busy thinking about ourselves like even if you pop up in conversation to someone when you went to school with and they're like did you see she started a YouTube channel oh yeah that's weird that's literally where the conversation's going to end like that's it no one's doing think pieces on your journey to becoming a content creator unless you are already famous it's just not happening so next time you convince yourself not to film or take some photos because you're too embarrassed and what will people think I want you to remember that lyric you'd worry less about what they thought if you realize how little they did all right guys we're almost there I didn't realize just how much advice I'd written down but it turns out there's a lot of things I wish I knew at the beginning so there's a lot of stuff for me to share the next one that you can't fake it this is a big one you cannot fake caring about something in your content especially if you create video content double especially doesn't make the most sense especially especially what especially times two especially time two let's go with that if you create long form video content like the one that you're watching right now on YouTube if you do not care about the subject that you're talking about so let's say you've decided that you're going to create content about Finance because you know that you can make a lot of money if you talk about Finance but you actually don't care about Finance do you know how difficult it's going to be for you to come across as someone who's engaging and excited to be filming that video if you actually don't care about what you're talking about also you are going to burn out so quick like it is going to be the easiest thing for you to quit and give up on if you don't care about what you're talking about people frequently maybe not so much anymore when I first got started I remember people saying to me like aren't you worried that you're going to get bored about talking about marketing and I was like babe I've literally literally worked marketing for 8 years I studied it for 4 years before that I've already been talking about marketing for several years like this is already something that I do every day it's something that a lot of people in the world do every day and therefore it's easy for me to continue doing this I actually enjoy talking about this stuff and hopefully you can tell by the way that I talk about it if I didn't I would have quit by now and none of you guys would be following me cuz you'd feel it you'd feel the vibe through the lens and you'd be like this girl's not it she's not being genuine so keep that in mind the last one and this is just a quick one I truly believe that if you commit yourself to these two things you will see success I don't know when you're going to see success but you will see success the first thing is consistency obviously I'm not going to harop on about it we all know that if we upload content regularly and consistently on social media that puts us in a good position to actually seek success but the other thing is a commitment to improving you kind of need both one doesn't really work without the other it's not enough just to be like I'm going to post two YouTube videos a week and that is it if you're not also going to commit to try and improving your content if you go back to the first video that I ever uploaded which as I said it I'd probably wish I didn't ask you to go back that video but I've said it now go back watch the video this video is a lot better or at least I hope it is because my God has it been more expensive to create but this video is a lot better like I've consistently been trying to be better on camera to present better to research better to buy better cameras to get an editor who's better at editing than me to buy better lights like everything I'm constantly trying to improve and whilst I'm not saying that with every video you have to make this huge Improvement sometimes it is the smallest thing sometimes it's you figuring out what camera angle is right for you which I still don't feel like I've really nailed sometimes it's you taking a little bit longer to plan your Vlog for the day instead of just grabbing the camera and filming straight away they could be micro improvements and they don't have to be after every video but you do have to be improving like in the long run you got to be improving if you're consistent and you improve in the long run you will eventually see success okay guys loved filming that I love filming videos like this let me know if you enjoyed it cuz then I'll feelm more if you feel like hanging around I recommend watching this video it's all about the strategy and the tactics that I'm using to improve my business business as a Creator this year and Beyond do not forget to check out story blogs via the link in my description so that you can get your hands on high quality video images and sound effects thank you so much for watching as always I can't wait to see you in my next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @JadeBeason [83 likes]: DOUBLE your income as a content creator with this FREE GUIDE .This 35 page ebook includes everything you need to know about brand partnerships, UGC, creator funds, affiliate marketing and loads more, grab yours here: https://www.jadebeason.com/creatorincomeguide
  2. @Milowvc [9 likes]: Thank you for sharing 😊Im not giving up on my channel 💪
  3. @devguiga [1 likes]: YouTube, I'm letting you know she is awesome

Subscribed from this video 🎉
  4. @CubanMelanin: 7:24 sis this is my problem 🤣I’ve been reduced to a walk in  closet office  🤭🤣🤣
  5. @MichellesLilCorner: Just opened my account with no subscribers 😅...will see how far i go with this❤
  6. @Jina.content: This is very helpful! Thank you
  7. @ThreadedNerd: Thanks.. you had some really solid advice on a few things. I am just starting out and literally have no videos or content yet but my goal is to be able to drive traffic to my shirt business on shopify and connect with an audience that would like the apparel/shirts that I create. I am kinda self conscious to get started because I always feel so weird about being in front of the camera, so I am trying to get past that.
  8. @GivenGBoeng-w8e: New creators gather here 2026
  9. @Uncle_Ru-c7k: This info is real and awesome for you to give this knowledge
  10. @sobia_educationcoach: This was really insightful, thank you
  11. @Fitsonskinn: its frustrating bc it feels like you are waisting time
  12. @abhishekgamingtara: I started my youtube channel @delusionalglow 8 months ago...now i have 100k .LITERALLY A ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND VIEWS with 72 subs... doubts ard starting to creep in although it feels like a very slow progress..this is a small reminder to myself to not give up and prove myself...even one like from a person will be considered as a huge victory...tysm
  13. @dianaatuona4263: I need some advice. I want to be a content creator. I have all kinds of ideas but don’t know how to structure it into a clear plan of what my content is. How did you guys come up with your style theme and selling point?
  14. @EMdee1986again: We pay yo bills ... So we deserve to know where are u planning to spend yo easter holidays
  15. @TheAmateurJeff: Hi! i'm new here! I think your camera angle looks great!
  16. @Uloaku.r.o: Thanks for talking to me 😢 i am 1 month+ on here  i grow overnight to 15k sub from a video i did just to have fun and now i feel like i need to keep that energy 
But glad i have got great team working with me now guiding me the right part to keep retentions
  17. @crescitaly: This is one of those videos I genuinely wish existed when I was starting out — so much honest perspective in one place. The point about consistency is huge. One thing that helped me personally was using a scheduler like Crescitaly to plan posts in advance, so I wasn't making last-minute decisions about what to post. Removes a lot of the friction that makes people quit early.
  18. @MuntyStain: Man I'd love to break 120 Subscribers
  19. @eatsbyrashmi: “Being a small creator teaches you patience in ways nothing else can. Every post, every idea, every late night… you keep going even when no one notices yet. Hard work is quiet in the beginning, but one day it speaks for itself. 🤍”
  20. @Th3R3alRB3: https://youtube.com/@th3r3alrb3?si=NAAayGkTCdTNgNlx

- I tried YouTube for 365 days. This is what happened.: Kind: captions Language: en So, exactly 365 days ago, I decided to create a YouTube channel. And in this video, I want to tell you the crazy story of how starting this channel literally changed my entire life forever. So, ever since I was a kid, I've always been obsessed with creating [music] things. Like, I remember I used to create my own Pokémon cards, and I'd give them all their own little attacks that they could all do. And I also used to create YouTube videos when I was younger, as well. So, I have videos of me and my friends making the worst videos you could possibly imagine. But, this creative streak continued into my adult life, as well. So, I've been a full-time music producer and a graphic designer. But, at some point last year, I hit some pretty bad creative burnout. I was working for different graphic design clients, and I just felt completely disconnected from the work I was doing. And I remember finding myself thinking back to years ago, when I used to make dumb YouTube videos as a kid. [music] And I remember how fun it used to be to film all these different clips [music] and piece them all together. Like, it almost felt like a puzzle to be solved. And that's when I started to feel that pull to come back to making videos once again. So, I made the decision to start a YouTube channel. And the goal was one long-form video every single week, no excuses. So, every single week, I sat down and I did the same thing. Idea, script, film, [music] edit, post, over and over again. And after weeks of doing this, after weeks of uploading videos, nothing was happening. No views, no subscribers, nothing. Which kind of hurt. I'm not going to lie to you, because I was putting so much time and energy into those videos. And if I'm being [music] honest, I really started to overthink everything, because it didn't make sense to me. I was putting in all this work, I was showing up every single week, but nothing was happening. So, then I started overthinking how I spoke, or how I looked, or how I came across on camera. Like, I remember thinking, am I good enough, or am I interesting enough to make videos like this? Like, I really started to get in my own head. And I'll be honest, there was this one day where I was this close to just [music] deleting the channel and pretending like it never happened. But at some point I thought, "You know what? I have to keep going. I have ideas to share, I have stories to tell, >> [music] >> and maybe you can relate to that feeling." So I just kept creating. And then on the 2nd of June, 2025, I posted one video that changed everything. [music] So in the video, I basically talk about my experience creating content as a graphic designer on Instagram, and the video just took off almost immediately. And I remember I went from getting maybe one subscriber a day to hundreds of new people subscribing every single day. And honestly, I was genuinely losing my mind with excitement. Like I was checking my analytics every 5 minutes just to see the numbers going up. And from the point of that video blowing up, I just doubled down. So I kept improving my videos, I started taking more creative risks, I started studying and learning about filmmaking and [music] storytelling, and slowly but surely I got over that creative burnout, and I started to fall back in love with creating again. But looking back on the last 365 days, there are definitely a few lessons that I really wish I'd known when I was first getting started. And the first huge lesson that I learned is that comparison is the thief of everything. So you've probably heard the phrase comparison is the thief of joy, which is 100% true. Because if you're constantly your day one as a creator to someone else's day 1,000, then of course that's going to take the enjoyment out of it. It's going to make you feel terrible. But it actually goes way deeper than that. Because comparing yourself to other creators doesn't just affect how you feel, it takes everything from you. So you start changing how you speak, you start filtering your ideas, you start copying people and trying to be more like them instead of just being yourself. Like comparison doesn't just steal your joy, it steals your creativity as well. So I guess the lesson is to stop comparing yourself to other people who have been doing this a very long time because you don't find your voice by copying someone else's. Okay, so the second lesson I learned is that when nobody watches your videos, that's actually a good thing. And I know that sounds completely backwards because when you're putting all this time and effort into your videos, obviously you want views. You know, obviously you want people to see them. But what I didn't realize at the start is that that early phase when nobody is watching is actually one of the most valuable parts of your entire journey because there's no pressure, there's no expectations, there's no real consequences if the video isn't perfect, which means you have this special period of time at the beginning of your journey where you have full freedom to post bad videos. You have full freedom to experiment and improve your craft. And when eventually those views do start to come in and people do start watching your content, you've already improved your skills, you've already refined your ideas and developed some real confidence as a creator as well. Okay, so the third and final lesson that I learned is that consistency is king. Kind of. So when I first started this channel, I was very very consistent. So every single week I was posting a video, I was showing up, I was doing the work. But looking back, consistency on its own wasn't enough because if you upload videos every single week or every single day, but your videos are also consistently terrible, then nothing is going to happen. It doesn't matter how consistent you are. So you can't just be consistent and hope for the best, you also have to improve over time and get better at your craft as well. So get better at communicating, better at storytelling, better at actually making videos that people want to watch, and that takes time. And for a long time, it's going to feel like nothing is working until one day everything changes and everything you've been doing finally starts to make sense. And if you are thinking about starting your journey as a creator, I actually made this video right here about how to actually start making money from your videos even if you are a total beginner. So yeah, click on to that video and I'll see you [music] there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @george.xander [4 likes]: Thanks for watching 💙 btw if you want my complete, step-by-step system for actually growing a real audience as a creator, this is for you → https://zerotocreator.co 
(use code YOUTUBE for 10% off)
  2. @PattyPaints [2 likes]: This is really inspiring! I've been thinking about starting a channel for years and finally started today with a couple of shorts. You've definitely inspired me to keep going.
  3. @SplashtonHoops [2 likes]: This dude is the reason why I hit 100K subscribers! Great video, George!
  4. @Violence_Milk [1 likes]: 1 sub a day?? im jealous
  5. @michaelnowaczewski [1 likes]: George, your new setup is amazing 🙈
The education, storytelling, motion graphics design… this video honestly feels like a real movie ^^
  6. @thesource479 [1 likes]: I love it 🎉 😝
Thank you for sharing. 

New subscriber here, ready to grow with you, and everyone in the community here. ❤❤❤
  7. @encodedmusic24: This is me now, I was thinking that I am creating the best music, now i feel like I’m creating horrible music and that I have to change
And I don’t understand what is the problem anymore
  8. @trade_alchemist: bro is levelling up 🔥
  9. @girisha.nextgen: Very good video✨✨✨✨
  10. @catherinetienne: Your childhood YT videos don't look nearly as bad as the Jonas Brothers fan vids I used to make haha. But, this was really lovely storytelling. Awesome vid :)
  11. @GritGround9: nice one really:hand-pink-waving:
  12. @onirbanplays: Voice.... Again...Your Voice...  🙃
  13. @SeagraveGaming: I am using osmosis to absorb a tiny bit of your success and charisma 😊
  14. @carlocericola: Can I ask you where and what you studied about storytelling and video editing?
  15. @GenZ2002-b7d: So you are saying we should never give up
  16. @CanalAMãeTáOn: Parabéns pelo conteúdo! Seus vídeos são uma motivação. Abraço do 🇧🇷
  17. @Priidigitaljournal: Yes . I have started. Wish me good luck
  18. @Juliuslks: Love Your storyyyy!!! 
I also always loved to create. Music, Videos, Art etc etc.  Always Keep following your Passion
  19. @RobWalkerShow: Love it bro, the pacing and dopamine hits are there. Added to your storytelling and great audio. You have leveled up again sir.
  20. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey George Alexander, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?

- How I Grew from 0 to 100K Subscribers in 5 Months (Nobody Teaches This): Kind: captions Language: en I just hit 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. 0 to 100K in just 5 months. And here's the truth. I did not follow the conventional wisdom. Some things, yes, but along the way, I figured out a bunch of new tactics that really sped this process up. So, in this video, I'm going to break it all down. These are my nine biggest nonobvious lessons for going from 0 to 100K on YouTube. And if you want to grow faster, you're going to want to watch this video. All right. Lesson number one is absolutely critical. This is the biggest reason why I was failing YouTube before. So many people get this wrong. The most important factor for winning on YouTube is making videos for a super precise audience profile. I call this audience matching. You want to match your content with the same audience over and over and over. Let me explain what this means. To grow on YouTube, you need the algorithm to put your videos in front of the right people. This is obvious, but here's what's not obvious. If you help the algorithm find these people, it will push your videos to more of them and you will grow faster. If you make it harder for the algorithm to find these people, it will not push your videos and you will grow slower. So, it's critical that you help the algorithm get confident in knowing who to push your videos to. Okay, so what does that actually mean? If you make 10 videos in a row about science, the algorithm is pretty confident that video number 11 is going to be about science. That means it knows exactly who to push video number 11 to. people that want to watch videos about science. This is an example of a good audience match. All the videos are aligned for viewers that want to watch science. But here's the problem. The more you jump around to different types of videos on the same channel, the worse it is. So you make one video about science, and then you make a video that's more about tech, and then you make a video about career paths as a scientist, and then you make a video vlogging where you kind of do science stuff, but kind of don't. These seem the same, but they're actually all targeting very different audience profiles. In other words, the type of person that would find value in each of those videos is not the same. There's some overlap, but there's also a lot of difference. So, if you do this, the algorithm gets really confused. It has no idea what your next video is going to be, and so it doesn't know which of those subsets to push it to. And when that confidence is down, the algorithm pushes you less, the click-through is lower, your videos don't do as well, and you grow way slower. This is an example of an audience mismatch. If your content audience fit is misaligned, your channel will not grow. And I know this because my first YouTube channel, which literally has an interview with me and Mark Zuckerberg, is a dead channel. Nothing I post is going to grow on there. And that's because I tried making tech videos, but I also tried vlogs and these content breakdowns and entrepreneurial blueprints. All four of those video types were actually kind of good, but the targeting on that profile was all over the place. And this is the really important part. The reason I tried to make all of those different types of videos is because I made the critical mistake of assuming that the game was me making videos about the type of stuff that I liked because I assumed that if people subscribe to my channel for me then all the different stuff I liked they would like. And this is a massive massive flaw in logic because here's the brutal truth. People are not watching for you. They're watching for them. They like you as the messenger but they're primarily there for the message. Whether it's motivation, inspiration, tactics, comedy, entertainment, they watch your stuff because they're getting something out of it for themselves. So, by making four different types of videos for four different audience profiles across four different sets of needs, you're actually alienating all of them. And worse, the algorithm doesn't know which of the four to push to next. To to be really good at finding new people that are not currently subscribed to you. And the easiest way to help it find those people is for every single one of your videos to be super valuable for the same audience profile. All right, so what does all this tactically mean for you? How can you take this and tweak your strategy on YouTube? Let me lay it out exactly. When you're starting your channel, you need to start out with the audience, not the topic. Imagine your audience is a single person, one individual. Who are they? What are the sets of problems or interests that they're interested in solving? You need to make videos week after week after week for that one person. And if they truly are your dream viewer and you truly make videos that help them, there are likely going to be thousands of other people exactly like them that the algorithm will go find for you. For example, on this channel, I make videos for entrepreneurs that are trying to grow faster with content to build bigger businesses. This has always been my focus. Every single video I make has been for that exact same audience, entrepreneurs, for that exact same purpose to grow their business in the exact same way with content on social media. And because I've been so militantly narrow from the beginning, the algorithm has gotten really, really good at helping me find more of those entrepreneurs. If I make 22 videos in a row that resonate super deeply for this audience, then the algorithm is pretty sure that number 23 is also going to resonate deeply. And because of that, it pushes my stuff more. Now, the worst thing I could possibly do now that I have that algorithm focused and trained on 23 videos in a row is violate that consistency with some random video. I think of this audience matching phenomenon kind of like playing a form of internet darts. The more you throw darts at the same board, the bigger and bigger the target gets. It gets easier and easier for you to hit it. This increasing of the board is the algorithm helping you. But if you throw one dart at this board, a second dart at that board, a third dart at this board, all the boards start getting smaller because the algorithm doesn't want your offtarget darts messing up the board. Once you pick an audience avatar, you're allowed to experiment wildly with different types of formats. Think of those like different shapes of darts, but you need to be super narrow and disciplined with the audience focus, the board you throw to. And here's the last thing I'll say on this to prove to you how important this is. on this channel. I made my biggest video about storytelling that just hit 1 million views. Well, I posted that exact same video on the Zuck channel. Literally the exact same video, and it was capped at 1,700 views. Same video, wrong avatar, audience mismatch. All right. Now, lesson number two is super counterintuitive, and this will save so many of you. When you start a YouTube channel, your intuition is that when you make a video, you want to post and share that video on all your other social platforms to get people to come watch it. You'll tweet about it. You'll put it on Instagram stories. You'll make a LinkedIn post. Do not do this. It is crushing your YouTube growth. And let me explain exactly why. Think of every social media platform like a highway. The viewers on those platforms are driving cars at different speeds. So short form videos like the Audabon, let's say it's 90 mph. Twitter is maybe 75 mph. YouTube is maybe 50 m hour. People watching YouTube have their brains clocked at 50 m hour. That's what normal looks like to them. So when they see your video come up organically on the YouTube home feed and they click it, the speed and delivery and pace is kind of exactly what they're expecting to watch. But when you post about a YouTube video on Instagram reels or story, some other platform, this takes someone who's driving at 90 mph and forces them to immediately ramp down to 50. This is a mismatch from what their baseline is. is. And so what happens is they click, they go to the YouTube video, they watch for 30 seconds, and then they bounce cuz it wasn't the consumption pattern and speed that their brain was clocked at. Now, maybe they churn because the speed was too slow. Maybe they churn because they didn't have the full 15 minutes to watch the YouTube video. But whatever it is, they churn. And this sends a super negative signal back to the YouTube algorithm because the algorithm is only evaluating your video on really two factors. One is click-through rate, how many people click the thumbnail and get to the video. And two is average view duration. How much does an average viewer actually watch of your video? When someone clicks your link from Instagram stories or any of those other platforms, you don't actually get credit for the click-through rate because they never clicked the thumbnail. They went straight to the video. And then their average view duration is super short, 30 seconds or 1 minute because of the miles per hour problem. So, it's actually a double negative that you do not want. And this double negative nukes the metrics because it signals to the algorithm, hey, don't push this video on the homepage. People are clicking and not liking. This is a disaster for growth. So the question is what should you do? How should you approach this? And the answer is you should do nothing. Personally, I have 800,000 followers on Instagram, Tik Tok, Twitter, Snapchat, LinkedIn, all the other platforms. Not a single one of them knows that I post videos on YouTube because YouTube wants people that like YouTube to keep liking YouTube and keep watching YouTube. So I figured, let's just let YouTube do its thing. I don't want to cloud the algorithm with anything. It's good at finding people if you stay aligned to my point before. So let's just let it do its thing. In a way, this trains the algorithm that all of the work is on it to grow the channel, and it's actually really good at that. Now, if you just can't help yourself, you have this huge following on social media, you're brand new on YouTube, you really want to tell people, you can do it, but absolutely do not post a link. Take a screenshot of the thumbnail, put that thumbnail on stories or tweet about it. Make people go into YouTube, search your name in the search bar, find that thumbnail, and click it. Even though their viewer duration might be low because the miles per hour issue, at least you get credit for the click-through rate, which helps one of the two metrics. Now, I will say the only cross-platform content medium that does work well to share your YouTube links is email. And the reason why is because while YouTube is at 50 m hour, email is more like 20 m hour. And people are willing to go from slow to fast, they're not willing to go from fast to slow. And so, if you want to help grow and you have an email list, sharing your YouTube links in email can actually be a huge help. By the way, before I keep going, you can probably tell I don't really think about content the same way as everybody else. If you like the way I think about this stuff, I've got two other things in the description for free that you're probably going to like. The first one is called Virality Blueprint. And this is my approach to dissecting how virality actually works. It's a 5-day email series. You can subscribe below, completely free. It's at viralitybloopprint.com. And the second thing is I write a weekly newsletter about this stuff where I share these kind of hidden gem behind-the-scenes tactics that I don't talk about on YouTube. That's called content department. You can subscribe to that at content.game. All right, let's keep going. Now, the third lesson is to understand how the psychology of being a small channel works and how viewers actually perceive you. Here's how social media and content psychology really plays out. People will more freely click and stay on your profile once your following passes a social credibility line. Let's say that line is 2,000 subscribers. So, what actually happens is if you only have 200 subscribers or a video with like 64 views, people may see your title thumbnail and actually get intrigued, but then they'll look and see the small subscribers or small views and they'll think twice before clicking. It's sad, but this is the reality of how it works as a small channel. This is why it's so much harder to get that escape velocity initially because there's just a lower percentage of people that are willing to give you a chance. What you need to do is find a way to get to that social credibility line so that any random viewer will give you a max opportunity. And this line varies from niche to niche and format to format. But on YouTube, I think it's about around 10,000 subscribers. Now, there are two pathways to get there. The common path, which is what most people have to do, is just hammer videos consistently and kind of step up 100 to 200 subscribers at a time, over and over and over, building up until you get to 10K. And like I said, this is really common. That hockey stick graph, there's a reason that flat part lasts so long. That's just how long it takes. Now, the uncommon path, which to be honest, few people get to experience, is to have some lucky viral outlier. If you get one of these, it'll bring in thousands or tens of thousands of people overnight, and it will rush you right up to and above that social credibility line. And to be fair, hitting that viral jackpot doesn't make you rich. It just means that for every video after that point, every person's going to give you the max chance to watch it. Now, the big question everybody wants to know is, how can I engineer the viral hit? And the easiest way to do it is with what I call a quality shock. It's not actually about what you're saying in the early stage. It's more that the package of your overall video is so shockingly good relative to how small you are that people subscribe almost as like a tip of the cap. And to be honest, the only way to engineer this predictably is to have pretty advanced video skills from the beginning, which is fair, not many people have. So, the way to get this uncommon lucky viral outcome, it's either a quality shock or it's just pure luck. Now, I'll be honest with you. On this channel, I was fully planning on the grind it out strategy. 100 to 200 subscribers at a time. It was going to take two years. I was settling in for that and I was investing in the team before. I just got lucky with the ladder that I had a viral hit. For mine, I actually had two viral hits back to back. My fifth and sixth videos on this channel ended up at a million and almost 200,000 views. But, I'll be transparent, that was my 25th long form video that I tried and my 300th video total between long and shorts. I had thousands of hours in front of the camera, thousands of hours editing. There's a lot that goes in behind the scenes to create the lucky overnight viral hit. So, I'm just being transparent. I was planning on not even having one, but I got lucky that I had two back toback. All right, the next three lessons are going to be super tactical about the three most important parts of the videos themselves. But then after that, I'm going to break down a few of the mindset hacks that were really, really critical and helping me keep going. Okay. Now, the fourth lesson you may have heard before, but I've got a few unique learnings on it. The truth about YouTube is that it's not really a game of who can make the best videos. It's more of a game on who can get the most people to click on the right title thumbnail and then validate that click in the intro. It's frustrating, but YouTube, the video platform, is actually a packaging game because the best-in-class click-through rates are like 10 to 12%. So that means 9 out of 10 people that see your thumbnail will not click on it. 90% of the potential viewers that could have watched never even watched. Now, as someone that came from mastering short form first, this was super hard for me to accept cuz with short form, there is no packaging. There's no title. There's no thumbnail. Ideas still matter a ton, but the short form feeds just surface your videos automatically to people. So, you don't even have to think about packaging. Here's a couple of the quick hit learnings that I picked up about YouTube packaging that will help you on YouTube. You really shouldn't start making the video until you have the title and thumbnail relatively dialed. For titles, they should complement the thumbnail and literally bait a click. Not clickbaity in the schemy way, but you need people to click on the video to watch it. Usually, this is by describing their dream outcome or a painoint in the title that you're going to solve. For the thumbnail, you should follow the three item rule. At max, you should only have three things on the thumbnail. Maybe it's you, maybe it's a couple words in text, and then maybe it's a graphic. That's it. Anything small, they're not going to see. Anything complex and detailed, they're not going to see. And here's another tip that people don't talk about a lot. The emotion on your face in the image matters a ton. You want the emotion on the facial expression to match the tone of the title or the tone that a viewer should experience when they're reading the title. This is actually super underrated, matters a lot. So, let's take the packaging example of this video I made on hooks. The title is how to create irresistible hooks and blow up your content. And we specifically use the word irresistible because that's what people want. They want content that people have to watch. They can't ignore. Then we added the and blow up your content as a modifier at the end to be really explicit on exactly what you're going to get out of the video. Now, the thumbnail has three elements. In this case, it's me and then it's two different text graphics. One of the graphics says the hook and the other one says storytelling masterclass. We specifically use the word masterclass to exude quality and that there was going to be some depth in the video. Combine that with kind of the mischievous little smirk I have on my face. My eyes are open, but I'm kind of smirking. It just gives this sense that I know what I'm talking about. using the word masterclass, having the big word hook, and then that smile on my face meeting with the irresistible hooks. It just combines in a way that's really, really tough to resist clicking. Now, if you guys want, I'll make a full video on YouTube packaging, thumbnails, and titles in the future. There's so much more to go into. I just can't cover it now. Just leave a comment, let me know. All right. Now, the next lesson is talking about intros and hooks. And the non-obvious lesson that I didn't know is that click confirmation is critical to winning on YouTube. This is the first 10 to 20 seconds of the intro, right after they click. It's when their urgency to solve that painoint is highest. They click on the thumbnail, they're most excited. What are you delivering in that 10 to 20 seconds to confirm that what they clicked on is what they're getting. Cuz if they don't see that, it'll feel like a bait and switch and they'll bounce. Now, fortunately for me, because I made all those short form videos and the topics I'm making YouTube videos on are content strategy, psychology, and hook frameworks, I have a deep, deep mastery of how to actually do this. So, I could crack this pretty quickly. I've made other videos on this. I'm not going to talk about it again here, but I have a formula that crushes YouTube hooks and intros every single time. I actually put it together in a template that you can just use and fill in the blanks. If you want that, there's a link below. It's completely free. Now, the signature lesson here is that if you want to make a hook that actually hooks them and holds them, you need to create contrast against some common belief. So, common belief is what they think today, your contrarian take is something you know about solving their pain that's different from what they believe. The distance between common belief and contrarian take is contrast. If you frame this contrast explicitly in the hook, you will hook them. And if you can aim that hook at a pain point they have, well then they're going to watch the whole thing. All right, lesson number six is on differentiation. What can you actually do to make your videos cut through and stand out against everybody else? Well, here's the first piece. When I make a video, I'm trying to make the best video ever made on that topic. Period. Like, I really, really hold every video to that standard. And when I say best, what I really mean is the highest value density. In other words, how much value is a viewer going to get every single minute that they're staying on my video? Like, so far in this video, I've dropped six to 10 super tactical things that you can use to grow YouTube faster. And moving forward from this point, I have another four to five that are buried the rest of the video. So, I'm not holding anything back. This is as much value as I possibly could pack into this topic. The easiest way to cut through and differentiate is to approach your videos in this same way. Now, the truth is, in order to do this, you have to have something valuable and different to say. And what do I mean by this? If you're trying to be an expert, it helps if you're actually an expert in the topic. This means proof that what you're saying is actually going to work. If you don't have proof, it's much harder to get somebody to rationalize why they should trust what you're saying. For example, if I make videos on content growth, but I've never actually grown with content before, well, then what good is my take? It's going to be super generalized. Instead of starting on YouTube, you should spend all that time actually building up that skill of value, coming up with an interesting take and then start making content on YouTube. Now, there are three different ways you can differentiate on YouTube. One is in uniqueness, so that's what you say. Two is in the distillation, which is how you say it. And then three is in the explanation, so the examples or metaphors that you use to explain your points. You really shouldn't start on YouTube unless you have a clear hypothesis for how you're going to be different and more valuable across at least one of those three axes. And I'm telling you, it's so much easier to win when you actually have proof that you can do the thing you're teaching. If I would have started doing this around content without proof, it would have been so much harder to grow and I probably would have quit because I wouldn't have grown. Now, the good news is if you actually do have differentiated skills and expertise, you're going to crush on YouTube because the bar is so low for people that actually have that. All right. Now, lesson number seven is a big one. This was a huge reason for my success. I hired a professional YouTube team from day one. I'm going to explain exactly how I did that and why it helped so much. YouTube is a 40 hours per week game. If you never tried it, it will shock you how many man-hour it takes to actually produce videos of this quality consistently. I would not recommend starting on YouTube unless you're going to go allin with every hour you have or you fund it with a professional team to hire yourself out of the process. It is so much easier to cash flow somewhere else and then put that cash in to hire a YouTube team. This is actually why I recommend most entrepreneurs should start with short form on Instagram and Tik Tok, cash flow quicker, and then use that cash to go allin on YouTube. Now, YouTube boils down to five main roles. There's ideas and packaging, thumbnail design, script writing, recording, and editing. For me, I was terrible with the ideas, terrible with packaging, couldn't do graphic design, so had trouble with thumbnails, and hated editing. I felt like my strategic advantage was the script writing, the storytelling, and the recording. And that's the part that I didn't actually get frustrated with and I was willing to do over and over. So, I took the areas where I had gaps, and then I built the Avengers for YouTube. I have an ideas team that literally does all the research on the space, finds the best ideas, comes up with the titles, hands me the thumbnail design in a dock where I can just sit down and go. So, that's my ideas team. I have a thumbnail designer that is amazing at the craft of making thumbnails that match and complement the titles. And then I have two god-tier editors that are unbelievable with coming up with graphics and animations. Combined, we have one of the best teams on YouTube. I'd put money on that. And I would never have been able to get where I am this fast without that team. Now, if you run a business and you have the cash flow to invest in hiring out your own YouTube team, I would strongly recommend you do that. There's really no better ROI anywhere in content and marketing than YouTube. And I would not hire a one-stop shop agency that does every role because you're just going to get average performance across the team with a super fat markup. The better way to do this, which is what I did, is to hire out specialists that are savages at every single role and then stitch it together. If you want to hire out those individual roles like I have with savages, I've got links in the description for every single role and I'll connect you with my team. All right, before I get to the mindset stuff, I just want to quickly cover one more learning. I call this perception of quality. I don't care what people say in 2025. The perception of quality matters in driving subscribers. Your audio and video quality, it matters. Even if it only holds a viewer for a split second more, this increases your chance of getting them to like you. You want to invest in this. I think having a high-quality studio, having crisp sounding audio, having highquality edits and motion graphics, it all helps. It's not that you can't win without it, but it just adds tailwinds and increases your surface area for luck. And when you're starting out and you're small, you'll take all the luck you can get. I put a free link below to a doc that lists four different gear setups. The fourth one is all the stuff that I have here. So, if you want to just copy my setup or use it for inspiration, the link's below. All right, the last lesson that I want to talk through is setting expectations when you're trying to grow on YouTube. Life is really just one big game of expectations. If you can set your expectations low, it makes it way easier to keep going with YouTube because you're not going to get as upset when the results are not going your way. Most people quit because they think they should be somewhere before they actually should. And this is all just wrapped up in an expectation problem in their heads. So, let me help you set the expectations for what you should expect when you're starting today. First, let me paint the upside. YouTube is a money printer. If you're building any business, it is the best lead genen vehicle, period. Okay, so knowing that, you should be willing to spend an unlimited amount of time and lots of money to build that machine. Now, here are the negative expectations and the pain that you will probably face. You're going to spend at least 12 months trying to get this off the ground with almost no traction, no income, and no success. And when I say 12 months, I don't actually mean 12 months. I mean 50 video reps. So, if you're lazy and you only do two videos a month instead of four, it's going to take you 24 months. At some point, the traction is going to start ticking up, but it's going to take you thousands of hours. You need to expect your videos are going to suck for a very long time. Like I said before, I've made 400 videos, thousands of hours in front of the camera, thousands of hours editing, and even now, I'm just hitting 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. This is what it takes. And to describe it, I use this concept of the artist gap. The distance between where you are today with skills and where you think you need to be will be huge in the beginning. It's going to feel insurmountable. You have to keep going and trying to close that gap down. At the end of 12 months, you should be around 10,000 subscribers. And rounded to the nearest whole number, this is going to be about $0 per month in AdSense from YouTube. But it could be hundreds of thousands of dollars if you have a sophisticated backend and some efficient business model. Now, for a sense of scale, I do about 400,000 views a month, and I only make 3K per month on AdSense from YouTube. This is not an AdSense play. That's not why you're doing it. Now, I know setting expectations in this way can be a little harsh and blunt, but to be honest, it's easier if you can set your expectations low and stay happy throughout the process. The last thing I'll say is this. The reason sticking with it is a guaranteed win on YouTube is because the bar to succeed is just high enough that almost no one is willing to do it. That's why there's value there. All right. All right. Now, before we close, if you're an entrepreneur, I'm just going to quickly summarize the exact steps that I would take to replicate my success. If you want to do it like I did, these are the exact steps to take. Step one is to pick an audience avatar that you can stick with for a long time and is best aligned to your offer. If you don't have an offer yet, you need to be able to make 50 videos for this avatar without stopping. Step number two is to plan for 50 videos, one per week over 12 months, and expect zero traction. You need to focus on one incremental improvement every single video. Step three, begin posting weekly and do not miss a week under any circumstances. Step four, focus on packaging and ideas above everything else. Figure out how to drive that click curiosity in the title and thumbnail by focusing on some audience painoint. Then drive the click confirmation in the intro. Step five, have something valuable and differentiated to say in every single video. If you don't, do more research. Assume that every video is going to cost you $1,000 to make. Would you spend $1,000 on this rep? If not, you need to go back and find a more differentiated angle. Step six, if you have cash flow, hire a professional team across all four workflow areas as soon as possible. Step seven, plan for zero outliers across that entire first 12 months. If the universe does gift you one, try to reverse engineer exactly what you did so you can replicate it. Step eight, trick yourself into loving this process. If you do not love it and you hate it all the way, it's going to suck. All you have to do is get to 50 videos with your best effort and incremental improvement and everything will open up and change. This is the best ROI on anything you can do. So, focus on that. And step nine, if you want further help on the strategy, I will open up a few slots for consulting calls below. I rarely do this. It's first come, first serve. There's going to be a link below. All right, guys. That's all I've got for this video. I just want to say if you've ever watched, liked, commented, and especially are one of the 100,000 subscribers. Thank you guys so much. It makes it all worth it when I see people commenting that they've used the formulas and different things I've shared and they're actually crushing on their own videos. If you guys keep watching and keep liking, I'll keep making them. And to my team, I could not have done this without your help. Thank you guys so much for everything you do. And with that, the next stop is 1 million subscribers. We'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [8 likes]: Work with me (to grow on YouTube): https://kallaway.co/youtubeacademy
  2. @rahengmeng1215: Small YouTube channel here 🎉
  3. @jerrylujanjr7875: You rock!!
  4. @annahreid1214: Thankyou
  5. @Studio81000: Cant wait to get 1000
  6. @SierraBuilds: Hey future subs!🩷
  7. @RealLifeAmen: Been loving your videos thank you, wondering bout microphones, went to the link and it won't let me click enter after entering my email. i did sign up for other free forms from your site, but the gear one isn't working.
  8. @MidoYouTube1610: Thanks you so much
  9. @drewinreallife2010: This is video is such a fountain of knowledge. Thank you!
  10. @SIR_BOJ: I was stuck at this video till the end. I run an educational channel and I need help
  11. @Barbiegirl-515: I’m really annoyed rn. I cannot get the hook template to even show itself to me. I’ve entered my email about 8 times and still nothing 🤷‍♀️. Anyone know why?? Is it too old?
  12. @CaseZero-Science: Although my content is good my views are less ?should I concentrate on more content or story telling aspect ?
  13. @atomicbombNikiLiu: watched few of your videos, very helpful and I can tell those are from your personal experience. Thanks
  14. @DdubCuriosityHub: So should I delete all my videos that are all over the place and start over?
  15. @LegisVlogs: Stay positive and do what you love doing. You will find your audience. I just started my channel and I have found a new passion. Rooting for you all. Leesss Goooo!!
  16. @Sams.Fishing: I just wanna hit a few thousand subs one day😅
  17. @LeeDowningKeat: How do you match that same audience with same content without repeating the same video idea over and over again
  18. @Ruby-Morris: Does it matter that I’ve made mistakes on my channel, as in do I have to make a whole new channel or can you “correct” the channel by continuing on in the right way? Cos you mention you left your old channel and started new- is that necessary?
  19. @CreatorsCheatcode: 🎉🎉🎉
  20. @Latitude-Libre: I just started 1 week ago, still no subscriber lol

- I Tried YouTube Shorts for 7 Days (complete beginner): Kind: captions Language: en I started this YouTube shorts Channel 7 days ago in fact it's my first faceless YouTube shorts Channel ever and somehow in my first week I got 250,000 views which isn't a lot but a few days later you know we had some videos that kind of popped off some big things happened but here's what pisses me off everyone online is giving terrible advice I followed it and my videos flopped I mean zero views or sometimes even one view yeah nothing but then I figured out the real way to go viral and I still act like I know everybody and then after posting for another week after the challenge I ended up making dollars I'll tell you by the end of the video how much I made you silly goose but getting my videos to get more than one view wasn't a schme and Cakewalk it all started with my crush yes it all started at the gym when I was chopping it up with my gym Crush she was telling me that she wanted to go viral on YouTube shorts right then and there I knew exactly what I was going to be doing for the next week I was going to go viral on YouTube shorts to flex H her no not Flex just I immediately busted at home and started grinding jeez don't flip that sentence around I started watching as many YouTube videos as my tiny little brain could consume on the topic of YouTube automation I actually have no idea how this whole faceless YouTube short stuff worked but don't worry nothing a little peanut butter and my DNA can't tackle all right I can't lie this seems like one of the easiest side hustles of all time here's how it works you choose a niche like wholesome content or Sports then you find viral Clips online once you find the clips you put them all together add your own voiceover to it so it has its own flavor and then you add some more dopamine to the video like uh these arrows or some movement I don't know yeah then you post it and it's like this is the type of videos I'm talking about here this video might help save your life if you ever get trapped in an ice pit the challenge looks simple but escaping is much harder than it seems even though it's not very deep the slippery ice makes climbing out extremely difficult like bro why does my forehead look so shiny okay so I've spent the last hour I know it shouldn't have taken this long but I spent the last hour getting my Niche chosen it was super scientific I analyzed it carefully to find the easiest and most viral Niche I created an algorithm in Oppenheimer out yep wholesome content is what my research told me so yeah then I went full little editing demon mode and made in my arrogant opinion one of the most engaging pieces of content this world has ever seen I posted it and just knew this thing was going to go viral yo boys I'll talk to y'all tomorrow to let you know how the first vid does I uh kind of started late today so we're going to make one video for the first day kind of let the account warm up yeah again if this thing doesn't go viral I don't know what will sh boys look at this one View and it's definitely from when I used my mom's phone to watch the YouTube short that I posted hey don't judge okay honestly I think that I just didn't say something that the YouTube guidelines didn't like which seems unlikely because it was such a wholesome video I don't know but uh I'm going to try to figure this out and make my next video so yeah being a man with thick skin though I just put my head down and started working on the next video hey maybe that video just got unlucky or whatever I just need to keep posting and that is exactly what I did all right look I just posted my second video I mean if this video gets no views I'm not going to let it offend fect my day I would never let something so small affect my day oh my second video I posted today got one view again something fishy is happening and I do not like it is that you Satan yes it is me Satan I'm already halfway through day two and I'm sitting at two views boys I literally tried contacting YouTube support I was like a little rager like but yeah they don't respond like how am I ever going to show my gym Crush that I can go viral I wish this video was a live stream and I could just ask you guys what I'm doing wrong cuz you're probably watching this like oh you just have to hack into the main frame and use a Quantom computer to do this or just add a specific hashtag I mean dude this is insane okay I can't lie that did ruin my day but I knew that my gym crush might be seeing the one view videos so I had to pull myself up by my Air Force Ones and just keep posting it's the only solution I know I ended up making one more video for day two and said a little prayer on this one that it got more than one view like please [Music] please I broke up on day three and checked my phone to see if the bro was viral yet nope of course one view but instead of freaking out today I did some digging online to see if this happened to anybody else and wow did I stumble on a godsend of a video okay this dude right here legit just saved my life he is like calls out all of the influencers that do these faceless YouTube shorts all the people that I watched online that I thought I was getting great advice from he just calls them out and is like you're doing it wrong I guess there's kind of one key piece of information that these gurus online hold from you and that is all these gurus are using aged accounts basically what that means is when you start a new YouTube channel with like a fresh Gmail account and you immediately start posting YouTube thinks you're a bot so yeah they don't push your videos which is why all my videos have been getting one view I thought it was something else but yeah it's because it's a fresh account so what you need to do is post one video a day for like a couple of months before YouTube finally starts realizing that you're not a bot and pushing your videos to the shorts feed so yeah YouTube thinks the Amigo here is a bot so I'm I'm cooked what sucks is I literally have 4 days left of this challenge like I don't know what I'm going to do and my gym Crush texted me this morning and asked how the YouTube shorts was coming yes I told her I know I just wanted extra pressure all right I sat there thinking for a while and came up with a game plan that ended up turning around the video and honestly made my life way better in the intro I am probably going to say something like this is my first time doing faceless YouTube shorts which is true but I have gone super viral before on YouTube shorts with my face in it so face YouTube shorts I've gone viral before and um yeah that account's just sitting there are you seeing what I'm seeing so yeah I'm probably going to sign back into that account and start posting on there so if you're watching this and your videos are getting one view two views whatever you know exactly what you need to do now all you have to do is just post one video a day for a couple of months or figure out how to find an old gmail account and get one of those aged YouTube accounts you don't want to be messing around with those underage YouTube accounts all right with the new Strat I started cooking up another video to post on the new aged account this first video was about this guy hiking who finds fossils here's the video this guy found one of the rarest fil while he was on hike with his friends the ending will blow your mind you think this rock subscrib I posted it and it instantly got views wow okay yeah this is crazy so that guy was right you have to warm up your account for a while after hearing this news just on the back burner I launched four different accounts and I'm going to start posting one video a day on them throughout the challenge just so I can have these bad boys warming up for me you know I was so freaking excited that I made another video for day three and posted it a couple hours later it also started getting views and then right before bed I post poed just one more video because I was so hyped and again it started getting views you know not a ton of views but I was so relieved to see any view count over one yo boys it's me Jackson the person's Channel you clicked on to watch this video it's day four and I've just been feeling Prime all day I've been cooking up some crazy YouTube shorts that I just know the Nerds over there are going to love so much dopamine so much serotone and it's amazing I've been researching these videos and I swear half of the most viral videos on YouTube shorts are squid videos so I don't want my channel to become squid game content cuz I don't know that's just not interest doesn't interest me but yeah these YouTube shorts viewers absolutely eat up squid game content like the same way that I love getting guap stealing your girl and looking like James Bond is the same way these people love squid games so yeah it's I'm kind of desperate at this point I really want to get a viral video nothing's really popped off yet so I just made my first squid game video I think I'm just going to make one see how it goes if it doesn't go viral scratch this idea so yeah here is the video If squid game was real here's how you could actually cheat and win every round first in Red Light Green Light don't I don't know my gym crush might freak when she sees this thing I ended up posting just two more times on day four because I can't lie I was feeling a little sick and I'm the biggest baby when I get sick good night guys okay so I've been posting three videos a day for the past few days now it's now day six and I'm getting insanely good retention on the videos like one of my videos has 96% avd uh I think that's just like the average percentage of the video viewed so people are sticking around on my videos but the problem is my swipe rate I've been getting anywhere from 65 to 75% people staying on the video so the other people are swiping and at the beginning of the challenge I remember hearing that like you want to try to get 80 plus% and looking back at my other viral videos with my face in it they all had like 85% swipe rate so that's definitely my problem I need to work on that for the last day of the challenge so hopefully I can just add some more like movement to my Clips at the beginning and or Arrow or something I don't know or maybe just my ideas are not good enough yet but yeah I hope and pray I can get a banger viral video before this video ends because that'd be clutch um yeah so I'm probably like the most organized unorganized person you'd ever meet so day seven ended up rolling around and I wasn't viral yet so I just thought to myself you know scratch this video I'm just not going to post it I didn't feel worthy that I didn't get you know like 500 million views in my first week like everybody else online so I'll hop on to the the computer in a second but basically I just kept posting this past week hoping that something would pop off so I could like continue making this video or remake it or something so I looked like I knew what I was talking about but then I realized how stupid that was like my whole goal with this channel is to show what it's like when an average dude tries some of these online side hustles or businesses so here's what happened with the Channel all right so I kind of just want to walk you guys through what has happened in the past little bit of me doing this you know I I still feel kind of bad that I don't have the best results ever but like it's kind of my first week so I'm not too mad and I feel like this video right here which I'll show you is going to go viral like it's just looking prime it all started right here with the fossils video it ended up doing pretty well um but just kind of topped out at 15K views and like yeah 75% uh swipe rate which I think was my problem so then from there I tried this video where it was like this pool cleaning video cuz I saw those did well again just not the best swipe rate and then I made this video of like how to escape quicksand it I thought it was going to go cuz it had like decent swipe rate to begin with but then it just kind of went down yeah and then this was the squid games video that I was talking about at the beginning it didn't do that well like it got good subscribers eh but you know didn't go so then from there I was like let's do like a diving video cuz those are scary it like started with a shark same thing like 75% or 73% so this is my best video so far and it's kind of pushing right now so I don't know if this is going to go viral I don't I I don't know 100% but 43,000 views my first time trying faceless YouTube shorts I don't feel like that's terrible yeah so this video is 58 seconds long average view duration was 51 seconds so I would like to hope that YouTube pushes this but just the The View thing is bad so that's why I'll show you my most recent video I tried to fix this so I hope that one goes yeah I posted this dog video this one has 26,000 views again like my average view duration I feel like is pretty good just the swipe rate I can't get up so yeah if you know the answer to like if you see a flaw in my thing then let me know then I did how to survive a plane crash I don't know did terrible I thought that would pop off I can't lie I did like level 1,000 physics moments this was like an edit that one has that's my best swipe rate wow I didn't even notice that maybe this one will go but just the engagement is not as good so maybe that one will pop that'd be nice this one's at 15K views it's like this C spooky cave and I kind of Rage bait on it 75% though yeah that's kind of my classic number um but 1100 likes I feel like it's pretty good this one was how to survive a bear attack again same thing here 15K views but this one wow 79% so maybe that'll go this video right here was like this I told this story um the 43k view video I told this story about this girl who brought her car in and then she ends up like not paying him I kind of made it up totally made it up don't care so then I remade it but then I just found like a crazier hook clip and this video it got 15K views pretty good average percentage viewed but 79% I feel like that's my best one so far so I hope this goes I hope when you're seeing this now this video pops off or something or you know I'll continue posting and maybe maybe when you go check out the channel you'll see that I've gone viral and you won't be mad at me yeah and then another thing that I've been doing like responding to people's comments is I like try to get in comment Wars like I'll be like what do you mean bro or I'll be like I'm sorry but were you there and then people just rage that just gets more engagement yeah like that's meub Bishi and I said no it's Mercedes then he put this on it he's like definitely not a Toyota for how much I made I'm this is like the because this is my other channel like I already have the subscribers I just need to get 3 million views so I feel like I can get that and then hopefully get this channel to making a couple hundred bucks a day but hey I'm still proud to admit that even though I didn't go viral yet my gym Crush was still very impressed by my skills so yeah make sure you subscribe cuz if you don't your mom might get eliminated

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaxonpoulton [340 likes]: like video if u want rich
  2. @Paws_And_Laughs_JG [1 likes]: Just getting started, luckily I have an aged account!
  3. @NoNamedAuraFarmer [1 likes]: “Why does my forehead look so shiny” hits hard
  4. @Studio81000: youtube baby!
  5. @RankRiot-p9h: am just a starter watching a lot of courses especially ranking videos share some tip and trick
  6. @mythlume9: where do u get ur ideas
  7. @TuceCat: Old or New! Doesnt really matter, what matters is that you worm up the vid by commenting on other peoples vids  and talking to people! 4:25
  8. @KelsiCatina: Amazing video!Great content as always.
  9. @GroomSalon: Guys a tip is that u need an acc which has watch history for 7 days min and Yt will push ur vid
  10. @DailyFaxsYoutube: Good stuff bro
  11. @XtenYTT: ”But he still didn’t even get a single like or subscribe” 😢
  12. @factripplechannel: Great video, thanks!
  13. @commenting1: McLaren?
  14. @CLamZy-t9z: i like ur way bro
  15. @Zyphranks: nice
  16. @streetsofcourage: I started last Monday ~8 days ago and of my 13 or 14 shorts so far , 9 of them have hit 1k already.  Zero subscribers to start, new Gmail account and didn’t promote to any friends or personal network.

One thing that really helped me was Gemini.    I had ChatGPT write up descriptions and titles and several of the videos flopped (~30 views 4 or 5 hours after posting).   I used Gemini thinking or Gemini pro to re-write all of the titles and descriptions [and told it ChatGPT wrote the originals so it was EXTRA motivated].     And the two videos yesterday went from 30 views after 4 hours, changed title tags and description, then they both hit 1k+ by end of night


Titles tags and description can kill even the best videos
  17. @cutdepiefails6596: No, you need to post a video of you talking or the voice you are using for shorts, use the account as well, scroll, like, comment,
  18. @FFMP2026: Handsome Fella... pisses me off a bit
  19. @royalhawk2721: ok but how do you use other ppl videos without getting any copyright issues >? even if its from tiktok or what ever cant they do something ?
  20. @clips.slayer: I thought it was mine issue only 😅

- Get Ready to Cry! Emotional James Blunt Reaction Video: Kind: captions Language: en everyone has been saying oh please please do James Blunt monsters so I'm like okay okay before they turn off all the light won't read you your wrongs are your right the time has [Music] gone that piano in the bag love you once more the time has gone so here it is I'm not your son you're not my father we just to go and saying goodbye no need to forgive no need to forget I know your mistakes and you know mine and while you're sleeping I'll try to make you proud so Daddy you won't you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my turn to chase the monsters away oh well I'll read a story to you only difference is this one is true the time has gone I folded your clothes on the chair I hope you sleep well don't be scared time has is I'm not your son you're now my father we're just two grown men saying goodbye now need to forgive no need to forget I know your mistakes and you know to make you proud so Daddy won't you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my turn to chase the monsters when lifetimes yes and breing the last word you can feel my hand on your I will be the last one so I leave a light on let there be no darkness in your heart but I'm not your son you're not my father we just two grown men saying mine and while you're sleeping I'll try to make you proud so Daddy W you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my to Chas mon that was crazy I did not expect

  Top Comments:
  1. @EpicReactsHub78 [106 likes]: Thank you so much for watching! We are almost 500! Please, subscribe! Let’s be 1000!
  2. @Unclejohnfromaustralia [3 likes]: i saw this man live last year.
The amount of energy and charm this man brings to the stage is immensely impressive
  3. @JoséSérgioGamileira [1 likes]: O Britânico James Blunt deu início a sua carreira no ano 2000 um dos mas renomado cantor da atualidade um talento que faz dele um gênio da música mundial indiscutívelmente ele tem um dom que poucos cantores tem cantando ele consegue transmitir sentimento e emoção ele mesmo não conseguiu se conter ao se emocionar de verdade... cantando na presença de seu pai a propósito ele compôs essa canção para o próprio pai dele cantor compositor e instrumentista uma bela voz que realmente mexe com alma meus parabéns James Blunt você se encontra muito acima da média uma obra prima da música merece todo o reconhecimento e ser aplaudindo de pé etc...
  4. @Maxim2016-y3p: Here in May of 26'....2 years ago I lost my mother....this song still hits me hard!  RIP mama!  Love and miss you every day.
  5. @george-s8s9b: attention three dead blondes listening
  6. @MarkRoberts-m4v: Thank you James Blunt for this overwhelmingly emotional song
I was 11 years old when my mother died… 
I, together with my two brother & two sisters grew up with a father that just wasn’t interested in his children…
I am now 77 years old & this beautiful sad song always makes me weep for what I never had and never  lost! 
❤
  7. @Penoglipe: Why tf did i decide to watch people reacring to it…ugh
  8. @Unclejohnfromaustralia: This is like Father and Son by Cat Stevens
  9. @ILikeUrCutG-mh7my: try not to cry
  10. @gentle6012: Essa música, pra quem perdeu seu pai ,toca profundamente 😢
  11. @george-s8s9b: too many dead people on this video
  12. @george-s8s9b: if this doesnt bring tears to your eyes your dead inside
  13. @george-s8s9b: if you dont feel this your dead inside
  14. @GazEdwards8690: I lost my dad on the 3rd of November 2023  we stayed with him for 3 days until the end he was there for my first breath and I was there for his last miss you dad.
  15. @unclechrome8117: This song hits hard I lost my wife, father ,and aunt within 3 mounth
  16. @johnwick1710: sharon cuneta? first girl in the video. is that youu
  17. @tonyguerrier2258: Lost my father in 2000, his birthday is next week. Dang this hit hard.
  18. @chrisquader3637: I live in Australia and I had not seen my dad in 34 years until last year. I finally got to see him in May 2025  and we reconnected in a completely positive way like we did when I was a kid. I spoke to him after that and he asked me to come back to the UK before he passed away and that he would make sure to wait for me to come. I got back in May with my son grandson and great grandson we has 5 gens together. One morning i played that song on guitar and sung it as best as i could for him. He passed away a hour later. The most emotional moment of my life thus far
  19. @krzysiekgasiorek1122: Jeden z nielixznych arystow ktorych piosenki powoduja  u mnie lzy
  20. @robithamorata1459: Maaf...belum bisa menjadi ayah yang baik

- Teachers React To Heartfelt Letters From Their Students | Cut: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I wanna take this opportunity to explain to you how you've impacted my life. My freshman year I was going through some very hard times with my mental health, but you changed this. You saved my life Joe. And without you, I doubt I would be here right now. (gentle music) - [Interviewer] Do you know what you're doing here? - I have no idea and I'm a little concerned. (woman laughing) - [Interviewer] Go ahead and put those headphones on. - Now you guys are scaring me. - Hello, oh my gosh wait, is this live? - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Carl, Carl! - [Interviewer] Did you invite someone here today? - I did, I invited my radio teacher, Joe Bryant. - My 10th grade chemistry teacher Nicole Thomas Sally. - [Interviewer] What do you have in your hand? - It's a letter to him. - [Interviewer] Why? - To show my appreciation to him. - I got same here. - I wrote you a letter because Joe is such an impactful and amazing person in my life. - Dear Ms. Thomas Sally. - Dear Mr. Washington. - I appreciate everything you have done for me when you became my teacher back in seventh grade. - I remember the first day of my freshman year because it was the first class of the day. You were doing an introductions to the class and having everyone share their name. And when it got to me and I was sharing, you said in front of the class, "wow, now that's a voice made for radio." I know this is a sentence you've probably said it multiple times to so many other people but it was one of the most impactful things that someone's said to me. - Unfortunately, I was bullied a lot. This kind of prevented me from establishing a circle of people that I can talk to or look forward to when I'm coming to school. - My whole life I've always been insecure about my voice. And I was told a lot growing up, my voice was too low for a girl. And I was mimicked for having a speech impediment because of you, Joe, I learned to be less insecure about my voice and not care what people said. - You were the class that has made me happy about going to school. You would let me indulge in my interests. You showing that appreciation and taking the time, sparked that idea of I'm worth more than I think I am. (calm music) - You show me how to be a great person. I was really not good at being nice or kind to people but you helped me overcome that and made me enjoy meeting new people and doing new things. - My freshman year, I was going through some very hard times with my mental health and I didn't have the energy to wanna get up in the morning and to go to school Your class made me wanna show up to school and gave me a reason to get up in the morning. I can genuinely say that you saved my life, Joe and without you, I doubt - I think about this very often. And I just want you to know that, you know, it'd be a bit funny to call you my first friend in high school but that was basically the case. I really wanna say, thank you for being my friend. - You was like a father figure to me. You really was in my life when I was going from home to home and I never really had someone to guide me. Thank you very much, I appreciate you. - Oh my God, Carl. - Joe, you're not only the best teacher I've had but an incredible person. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for always being there for me and for being an amazing teacher and friend. - Thank you Ms. Thomas Sally. You are the best. - [Interviewer] What was that like, hearing that from her? - Amazing, this is everything, right? Cause sorry, teaching is really, really hard job and you don't ever get to get (sniffling) or you rarely get to hear that from your students, you know. - [Interviewer] How'd that feel to hear that letter from her? - Great, I'm just so blessed to have students like Molly. And it really means a lot coming from her because I didn't know that she was feeling some of the feelings she expressed in that letter. - What are you saying I've done it for him. I don't think it even equates for what he's actually done for me. Just hearing that, 'cause that's (exhales deeply) It hits me, man. - [Interviewer] Well, let's have you go in and see him. (soft music) - Thank you so much. - Of course Joe. - That means a ton to me. (hands greeting loudly) - Hi, Ms. Thomas Sally. - Hey. - It's you and baby now. Oh my goodness. - This is Max. - Oh my God. Hi Max - What was it like hearing? - It was, it's intense, you know, cause you never know if you're able to really help a kid. And so just sharing that, I appreciate that. - What was it like, hearing what I had to say? - It's just super emotional, right? It's like, this is why I became a teacher. This is everything to me. - Why you put so much effort, bro? - You're a good kid, bro. And you had a lot of people telling you that you weren't. My goal was to show you, right bro I love you, period. So no matter if you mad, no matter if you're doing well or not, bro you got somebody that's gonna advocate for you no matter what. - I've been through a lot with my mental health and I would say that you giving me a passion for radio and being such an amazing teacher to me, really. It really gave me a reason to wanna get up and to keep going and like persevere through everything. - You put on a strong face, Molly. Because I didn't know some of that but if you ever need somebody to talk to, I'm a pretty good listener. I don't ever wanna see students suffer in silence about anything. - Self pity and fear. Those are things that you knew somehow like, like how to push away. - Why do you think I approach my teaching that way? I was miserable when I was also, when I was in high school. I feel like I went through a lot of similar things. The best thing would be just to know the type of impact (baby cooing) you can have on other people - You are the reason why I went to grad school. Why I made it a point to get my master's degree in education with the emphasis on emotional learning. - [Interviewer] How does that feel, hearing that you motivated him? - I mean, it feels good 'cause now I know we can both make a changes on us going on. - I'm gonna be just like flying high on all these love vibes. - I'm happy, I'm making you feel loved because you're the only person at that period in my life that made me feel loved. - Well, thank you very much. - I appreciate you bro, like for real, man. - [Interviewer] Thank you guys, so much (clapping).

  Top Comments:
  1. @evani_xoxo [1 likes]: i'm sorry but that damn baby is adorable.
  2. @kayleighcarter6401 [1 likes]: just a heads up, the video gets blurry
  3. @SkylarOwens [1 likes]: This made me so happy❤️
  4. @legendarydragon9757: 5:35 Either Max is terrified or he just wanna get tf outta there😂😂
  5. @fifetheguy: “yall set me up” in that moment bro knew he wasn’t leavin with dry eyes
  6. @CactuarKnight: Joe...man what a superhero.
  7. @Sarah-c7j6h: Molly is stunning
  8. @borras1: I wanted to watch it, but I want them to read their letter... not each person reading a sentence one after another, it breaks it up, Oh well.
  9. @busykat6278: joe is so sweet
  10. @tibz4644: 6:29 Mary me
  11. @JustcallmeSandoMX: The way baby Max smiles to the girl at 4:42 🤩This is just BEAUTIFUL. We all struggle, we just tend to forget that. Thanks for sharing.
  12. @liamgartlan5961: Teachers are some of the most important and impactful people in a young kids life I mean they literally see them for 240 days of the year good teachers change people thank you to these teachers for just being kind
  13. @miguelcontreras50: Wow this was beautiful respects to our teachers
  14. @RSly-t2z: That's nice.  Now make a video about millions of people whose lives were ruined by awful teachers.
  15. @normp3273: Pretty cool
  16. @SawakonotSadako12-31: This would absolutely never happen in a french high-school or school in general 💀
  17. @saifees_s: We students literally love good and  kind teachers , the same way we abhor the majority of cruel and devellish ones who are in a sense of madness always

.
  18. @maxeddie1789: Both my parents were teachers and damn good ones (happy retirement to them both), this made me tear up. Teachers are special.
  19. @Juliannaelly: I'm starting to tear up
  20. @HeavydutyMiningrepair: Teachers are so under appreciated.

- Filipino Husband Sings To His Wife AT HER FUNERAL! Emotional Reaction: Kind: captions Language: en I've got a different kind of reaction for you&nbsp; today okay we've been getting a lot of requests&nbsp;&nbsp; for a Filipino man sing to his wife um yeah&nbsp; I just read the name what do you mean a brave&nbsp;&nbsp; husband singing on his wife's funeral we've been&nbsp; getting this request a billion times y'all just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to see me cry I know they actually do&nbsp; um I think it's really sweet and endearing&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to hear how do you heal a broken heart I&nbsp; want to see his take I mean it's been requested&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot it might be a really beautiful thing&nbsp; to witness so yeah let's uh hop on over to&nbsp;&nbsp; this this clip and see what's all about you&nbsp; ready no yeah you are nothing like starting&nbsp;&nbsp; off your week with crying tears of joy joy I&nbsp; haven't seen this so let this [Music] begin&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm literally already going to start it started&nbsp; off really abruptly are you the girl I told I know the one who prized Me You Love where did it [Music] go are you crying already no do&nbsp; broken heart that feels like he never he's really getting [Applause] after I&nbsp; just can't let go how do you heal a heart that&nbsp;&nbsp; feels like never this again oh tonight I hold&nbsp; what could be tomorrow I pretend to let me go tomorrow I'll pretend to let you [Music] go is on dream and now you say you want to leave start and to go words I talk to never say&nbsp; how do you heal a broken heart that feels like&nbsp;&nbsp; keep never be this much again oh [Music]&nbsp; no I just let go how do you hear a broken&nbsp;&nbsp; heart that feels like it will never I want to&nbsp; see them pan to the crowd and see everybody crying what could be right tomorrow I&nbsp; prect to finally P it all behind me why [Music] find soul and find it I know how to live you go you go how do you heal the broken Heart the&nbsp; feels like this you never this [Music] must okay how do you hear the broken hearts that&nbsp; feels like down love this [Music] again tonight&nbsp;&nbsp; hold could be right tomorrow [Music] I&nbsp; wake me up let all be I know to [Music] [Music] you guys suck oh my [Music] God I want to see what's going on oh holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I know so you could definitely&nbsp; tell that it's a cell phone recording of a guy&nbsp;&nbsp; uh singing to his wife I mean the the title says&nbsp; it all right and uh he's Singing beautifully but&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not even going to critique his vocal&nbsp; ability or his ability to sing I think he&nbsp;&nbsp; was just singing to his wife he did sing&nbsp; beautifully though he sang he had such a&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful voice and he sang like with so much&nbsp; heart oh my God I'm not okay I'm not happy right&nbsp;&nbsp; now you guys not happy with you oh my God I mean&nbsp; definitely thank you so much this is a beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; uh performance we didn't pause because it's&nbsp; just one of those performance where it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; even a performance it's just one of those videos&nbsp; that you just have to sit and watch in all and obviously it broke Taylor so be crying for so long after this I know I'm&nbsp; sorry I mean blame YouTube they're the ones that&nbsp;&nbsp; were commenting this stuff I know I can't believe&nbsp; how many requests we had for this oh do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; your heart to physically break inside and like&nbsp; you spend your last minutes on Earth crying your&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes out go watch this and it's such thanks you&nbsp; guys at a funeral it's such a beautiful display&nbsp;&nbsp; too right like the flowers the the whole the&nbsp; coffin I don't know why I'm thinking like wow&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a nice coffin well I know you said like&nbsp; you wanted the camera to pan so you could see&nbsp;&nbsp; like the crowd crying but I'm wondering if this&nbsp; is maybe something that you know he had like a&nbsp;&nbsp; moment alone like privacy maybe before or after&nbsp; the funeral like with his wife and this was like&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe taken then yeah we don't know I don't know I&nbsp; mean if I was in that crowd live and he was doing&nbsp;&nbsp; that I would interrupt him so many times by my&nbsp; freaking sobbing that he would be like okay I&nbsp;&nbsp; need you out I need you to go I need get out this&nbsp; is me and my wife yeah I feel like this is very&nbsp;&nbsp; like something that you would want to like more&nbsp; of a private moment yeah I think oh my God it was&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful that destroyed me I do want to nitpick&nbsp; something oh I know one thing that I couldn't get&nbsp;&nbsp; over is why is he dressed like that not in like&nbsp; a tuxedo or a suit for his wife's funeral and&nbsp;&nbsp; then the cynic in me is like is this all staged&nbsp; like did he do this purposefully trying to cuz he&nbsp;&nbsp; could be just singing to a random person person's&nbsp; coffin just to make a viral moment you know what&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean I would really hope not I would hope not&nbsp; too but like you got to think he's not American&nbsp;&nbsp; so maybe it's not in his culture for them like&nbsp; maybe it's not typical for them to dress up a&nbsp;&nbsp; certain type of way for funerals like I have&nbsp; no idea or maybe it's the viewing before the&nbsp;&nbsp; funeral so maybe he just hasn't changed I mean I&nbsp; don't know I would really like to think that this&nbsp;&nbsp; wasn't just for views cuz that's super shitty if&nbsp; it was like one of those viral moment posts that&nbsp;&nbsp; later you turn out is like that's really just the&nbsp; son of the funeral homeowner and he's just like&nbsp;&nbsp; in a random thing singing to it yeah you know&nbsp; I could see I could see someone shitty enough&nbsp;&nbsp; to Stage something like this I'm not saying they&nbsp; did for sure I'm not I can see it as well also&nbsp;&nbsp; if I die first and you don't do something like&nbsp; that at my funeral I know you can't sing like&nbsp;&nbsp; that guy can no offense but I will haunt your ass&nbsp; every single day of your life you'll be dead you&nbsp;&nbsp; won't know I will know I will haunt you you'll be&nbsp; dead you won't know I will haunt you and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; a scaredy cat so I will make sure it is extra&nbsp; scaredy I'm not a scaredy cat yeah anyways you&nbsp;&nbsp; guys thank you so much for sharing this with us&nbsp; um I know it's been requested for like the last&nbsp;&nbsp; two weeks it's been blowing up our channel&nbsp; so sorry it took us so long to get to it um&nbsp;&nbsp; our Queen is very pregnant so we been uh kind of&nbsp; slow walking YouTube a little bit unfortunately&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube's got to be sacrificed when it comes to&nbsp; this stuff so anyways thank you guys so much for&nbsp;&nbsp; watching let us know down in the comments what&nbsp; you think and we'll see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @volanahaingotiana4604 [1 likes]: He has such a beautiful voice
😭😭😭😭😭😭
  2. @joelbumanglag2288 [1 likes]: I knew I am tough, but I wept the whole time while I watch the video... God bless you bro...
  3. @isabelitavinas5134 [1 likes]: Ghostbumps me😢
  4. @herchickenlegs4: This is so emotional I can't stop crying 😭
  5. @nathanielabellanajr.2196: No need to wear toxido cause yhat is not a contest or what its only emotional to sing in his wife its a pilipino culture to sing.
  6. @PrincessBalute25: Hi mom and Sir see dis video or plss react dis girl is 7 years old from Philippines  dis girl sing Father in funeral tipe ... Batang babae komanta sa burol ng kayang ama
  7. @reyespino7584: Condolence master Dexter..
Your wife is always around...you... godbless
  8. @quocodile: Um, how was he able to hold it together to sing a song to his dead wife? 😅
  9. @MarinaDeleon-xz1uf: Why he make me cry 😭😭😭
  10. @MarinaDeleon-xz1uf: 😭😭😭😭
  11. @felvinperez957: Who would not cry on this singing..😢😢😢
  12. @saiyajin11: Every time I watch this , I’m crying too.
  13. @semperfi-b6n: the funeral is for the dead to rest and healing to those who are still alive.. whatever you do on this earth will vanish without a meaning... work for richness that can never be rotten... work for your richness in heaven that stay everlasting.
  14. @82dockmaster: In philippines we dont have a dresscode in funeral, your presence is the most important emotional support.
  15. @jasperjayme3012: OMG, my heart breaks seeing this one...
  16. @josecarlosramolete6109: I truly empathize this man very much (in a different way):

My father was in coma, Stage 3 coma, due to heart attack plus brain tumor and he was deeply heartbroken when my mother died of cancer.

I started singing The Long and Winding Road while he was in coma, in his hospital bed. and it was VERY difficult for me to sing the song entirely because I knew my dad would pass at any given minute. A few days later, he did pass away.

I fell into depression for years. Did some therapy sessions and yes, it took a lot of time for me to accept he was gone yet, still miss my dad very much.

now, I poured all my focus and energy on my family and I dedicate my fatherhood to my dad.

Rest in peace, dad. Til we meet again...
  17. @siyayo2: FYI, Filipinos wear regular clothes during funerals. You have to check your comments first.
  18. @zianherizeraguindin4846: I feel the pain bro😭😭😭😭
  19. @cebuboi5334: made me cry😢😢
  20. @kaofwvlogs09: I feel his pain💔😭

- JUNGKOOK Looked Emotional at Las Vegas Airport… TAEHYUNG Reaction Made ARMY Cry! What Happened?: Kind: captions Language: en-US Nobody expected this moment at Las Vegas airport&nbsp; to turn so emotional. But the second Jungkook&nbsp;&nbsp; lowered his head and appeared visibly overwhelmed&nbsp; beside Kim Teu, the entire internet exploded with&nbsp;&nbsp; reactions. Fans were screaming, cameras were&nbsp; shaking, security rushed to clear the path.&nbsp;&nbsp; But somehow in the middle of all that chaos, one&nbsp; small reaction from Tayung made millions of armies&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional. And now everyone is asking the same&nbsp; question. What really happened to Junguk at that&nbsp;&nbsp; airport? The atmosphere at Las Vegas airport&nbsp; was already intense long before BTS's team&nbsp;&nbsp; even arrived. Fans had gathered for hours near the&nbsp; terminal entrance after rumors spread online that&nbsp;&nbsp; Jungkook and Kim Teune were landing together in&nbsp; the city. Some fans came with banners. Others held&nbsp;&nbsp; purple balloons and handmade signs with emotional&nbsp; messages welcoming Tong and Junkuk back to Las&nbsp;&nbsp; Vegas. Nobody knew exactly when they would appear,&nbsp; but then suddenly the crowd started screaming.&nbsp;&nbsp; At first, people only saw security staff moving&nbsp; quickly through the terminal. Then several black&nbsp;&nbsp; vehicles reportedly arrived outside the airport&nbsp; entrance. Phones immediately shot into the air as&nbsp;&nbsp; fans pushed closer against the barricades trying&nbsp; to catch a glimpse of BTS. And then it happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim Tayong appeared first. Wearing dark casual&nbsp; clothes and a cap pulled low. Tun walked calmly&nbsp;&nbsp; beside security while cameras flashed non-stop&nbsp; around him. Fans instantly screamed his name&nbsp;&nbsp; so loudly that the entire terminal seemed to&nbsp; echo. Some people were crying before they even&nbsp;&nbsp; saw his full face clearly. But the energy changed&nbsp; completely when Jungkook stepped out just moments&nbsp;&nbsp; later. Unlike his normally playful airport energy,&nbsp; Jungkook appeared quieter this time. Witnesses&nbsp;&nbsp; claimed he looked tired and emotional as he&nbsp; walked beside Tayung through the crowded terminal.&nbsp;&nbsp; Videos spreading online showed Jungkook&nbsp; briefly lowering his head while security&nbsp;&nbsp; guided them forward through the screaming crowd&nbsp; and armies noticed it instantly. Within minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; clips of Jungkook's expression flooded social&nbsp; media platforms. Fans replayed the videos over and&nbsp;&nbsp; over trying to understand what he might have been&nbsp; feeling during that overwhelming moment. Some fans&nbsp;&nbsp; believed Jungkook looked exhausted from traveling.&nbsp; Others said he seemed emotionally overwhelmed by&nbsp;&nbsp; the intensity of the crowd. But what truly&nbsp; made armies emotional was not just Junguk's&nbsp;&nbsp; expression. It was Tayung's reaction. As security&nbsp; tightened around them and fans screamed louder,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kim Tayung reportedly slowed his pace slightly to&nbsp; stay beside Jungkook. In one shaky fan recorded&nbsp;&nbsp; clip, Tim appeared to glance toward Jungkook&nbsp; multiple times while walking through the terminal.&nbsp;&nbsp; That tiny moment instantly became viral. Fans&nbsp; online immediately began posting emotional&nbsp;&nbsp; reactions. The way Tayung kept checking on Junguk&nbsp; made me cry. Jungkook looked emotional and the&nbsp;&nbsp; team stayed close the whole time. This doesn't&nbsp; even feel like an airport anymore. It feels like&nbsp;&nbsp; a movie. The emotional atmosphere surrounding&nbsp; the airport arrival quickly became one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest topics among armies online. Slow motion&nbsp; edits of Tayung and Jungkook began spreading&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere within hours. Fans analyzed every&nbsp; movement, every glance, and every expression&nbsp;&nbsp; caught on camera. And honestly, the visuals&nbsp; looked cinematic, flashing paparazzi lights,&nbsp;&nbsp; security officers forming walls around them, fans&nbsp; screaming and crying behind barricades, Junk Cook&nbsp;&nbsp; quietly walking through the chaos, Tum constantly&nbsp; looking beside him. It felt less like a celebrity&nbsp;&nbsp; airport arrival and more like the emotional&nbsp; climax of a documentary film. One particular&nbsp;&nbsp; moment especially captured fans attention. As the&nbsp; crowd suddenly surged forward near the exit area,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jungkuk reportedly paused for a brief second while&nbsp; security attempted to clear a pathway. Videos&nbsp;&nbsp; online showed Tayong immediately turning slightly&nbsp; toward him before continuing forward together.&nbsp;&nbsp; That reaction alone caused another emotional wave&nbsp; online. Army's claimed Taun's instinctive response&nbsp;&nbsp; showed how close the two BTS members really&nbsp; are behind the scenes. Some fans even admitted&nbsp;&nbsp; they started crying after watching slowed down&nbsp; versions of the clip repeatedly. One fan wrote,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Tayung didn't leave Jungkook alone even for one&nbsp; second." Another posted, "The way Jungkook looked&nbsp;&nbsp; at Tayung during the chaos broke my heart." And&nbsp; then something even more unexpected happened.&nbsp;&nbsp; Near the airport exit, a fan suddenly shouted,&nbsp; "Junk Cook, please stay healthy." Causing the&nbsp;&nbsp; crowd to briefly quiet down before exploding into&nbsp; screams again. According to witnesses nearby,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jungkook appeared visibly touched by the comment.&nbsp; Though the moment lasted only seconds, fans&nbsp;&nbsp; claimed his eyes looked emotional as he briefly&nbsp; nodded toward the crowd. That single interaction&nbsp;&nbsp; instantly became one of the most replayed clips&nbsp; online. Meanwhile, Kim Tea reportedly looked back&nbsp;&nbsp; toward fans several times before entering the&nbsp; vehicle outside the terminal. Fans described&nbsp;&nbsp; Tayum's expression as calm but emotional, almost&nbsp; as if he understood exactly how intense the&nbsp;&nbsp; situation had become for Jungku, and suddenly the&nbsp; mood online shifted completely. What initially&nbsp;&nbsp; started as chaotic airport excitement turned&nbsp; into an emotional discussion about pressure,&nbsp;&nbsp; fame, exhaustion, and the emotional connection&nbsp; between BTS and army. Fans began sharing heartfelt&nbsp;&nbsp; posts about how difficult public airport arrivals&nbsp; can be for idols, especially when crowds become&nbsp;&nbsp; uncontrollable. Others praised both Teayong and&nbsp; Jungkook for remaining respectful and composed&nbsp;&nbsp; despite the overwhelming situation. Still, even&nbsp; in the middle of that chaos, fans couldn't stop&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about the chemistry between Tayong and&nbsp; Jungkook because every small interaction between&nbsp;&nbsp; them instantly felt meaningful, especially this&nbsp; time. One viral post with millions of views read,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Junkook looked emotionally drained, but Tum&nbsp; stayed beside him the entire time." Another&nbsp;&nbsp; fan commented, "The way Tayum silently comforted&nbsp; Jungkook without saying anything is making the&nbsp;&nbsp; entire fandom cry." And honestly, that emotional&nbsp; energy is exactly why the airport moment became&nbsp;&nbsp; such a massive topic worldwide. People weren't&nbsp; only reacting to celebrity visuals. They were&nbsp;&nbsp; reacting to emotion, to connection, to those tiny&nbsp; unscripted moments that can't be planned. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter how famous BTS becomes, fans still feel&nbsp; deeply attached to genuine interactions between&nbsp;&nbsp; Tiong and Jungkook, that emotional connection is&nbsp; what turned a simple airport arrival into one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the most talked about BTS moments online. And the&nbsp; internet completely lost control afterward. Tik&nbsp;&nbsp; Tok edits with emotional piano music gained&nbsp; millions of views overnight. YouTube shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; titled Tune Protecting Junk Cookook in Vegas&nbsp; spread rapidly. across fan communities. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; fans even compared the airport arrival to scenes&nbsp; from emotional Kdramas because of the cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; atmosphere surrounding Tu and Jungkook.&nbsp; But perhaps the most heartbreaking detail&nbsp;&nbsp; came from one blurry final clip recorded just&nbsp; before the vehicle doors closed. In the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jungkook appeared to lean back quietly while Tum&nbsp; sat beside him after finally escaping the crowd.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fans immediately noticed how exhausted Jungkook&nbsp; looked compared to earlier public appearances and&nbsp;&nbsp; once again Tayung's reaction became the center of&nbsp; attention. According to fans analyzing the clip,&nbsp;&nbsp; Tahung briefly turned toward Junkook as if&nbsp; checking whether he was okay before the car&nbsp;&nbsp; drove away. That was it. That tiny moment, that&nbsp; silent glance, and suddenly millions of armies&nbsp;&nbsp; were emotional all over again because sometimes&nbsp; the smallest interactions say the most. Now fans&nbsp;&nbsp; across social media continue debating what Jung&nbsp; Cook may have been feeling during the chaotic&nbsp;&nbsp; airport arrival in Las Vegas. Was he simply&nbsp; tired from traveling? Was the crowd overwhelming?&nbsp;&nbsp; Or was there something deeper behind his emotional&nbsp; expression that fans noticed immediately? Nobody&nbsp;&nbsp; truly knows. But one thing is absolutely certain.&nbsp; The moment Jungkook appeared emotional beside Kim&nbsp;&nbsp; Tayung at Las Vegas airport. The entire fandom&nbsp; felt it. And Tayung's quiet reaction may have&nbsp;&nbsp; become one of the most unforgettable parts of&nbsp; the entire night. So what do you think really&nbsp;&nbsp; happened during that emotional airport moment?&nbsp; Did Jungkook truly look overwhelmed? And did&nbsp;&nbsp; Taum's reaction make you emotional, too? Leave&nbsp; your thoughts in the comments below. And don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to subscribe for more updates about Tayong&nbsp; and Jungkook because this story may not be over

  Top Comments:
  1. @bogumiabigus4748 [1 likes]: Autorze pokazuj aktualne filmiki, bo mówisz jedno a pokazujesz stare filmiki ich wylotu 😂😂😂
  2. @isabellacazzetta4386 [1 likes]: 💙💙💙💙💙💙💋💋💋💋💋💋💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
  3. @TamaraBruijn: There was something yes 🥲🍀☀️❤️❤️❤️❤️☀️
  4. @TamaraBruijn: ❤️🍀❤️🍀☀️☀️
  5. @HongthuVo-q3p: BTS , chúc các bạn ngày mới tốt lành , nhiều năng lượng, luôn luôn may mắn và đạt được nhiều thành tựu như ý 💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜💜

- How to make a viral video - Viral Video: Kind: captions Language: ru Он был предложен мной, как лучший специалист Вот и он. Адам! Это Алан, он будет вести рекламный проект со стороны клиента Привет, рад знакомству Я тоже, наслышан о вас Ох, благодарю Мы как раз обсуждаем рекламный ролик, который сейчас в разработке Отлично Адам, с самого начала ты делаешь потрясающие проекты Шикарная работа Действительно впечатляет Что ж, большое спасибо Мы хотим продолжить текущее сотрудничество с вашей фирмой Потому что мы впечатлены роликами, которые вы создали Очень впечатлены Рад слышать! Однако, в головном офисе идут обсуждения Да уж, работают, не покладая рук И мы пытаемся набросать идеи и найти способы, как улучшить нашу рекламу Отлично, я весь внимание Адам, мы хотим, чтобы следующее видео Стало вирусным! Вы хотите, чтобы видео стало вирусным?.. Адам, мы вложили кучу денег в исследование рынка И обнаружили, что когда видео становится вирусным Оно превлекает много внимания Соответственно, люди конвертируются в просмотры Ты можешь это сделать? Что ж, я думаю мы можем попробовать сделать его вирусным Мы бы предпочли - мы можем сделать его вирусным Поддерживаю Извините, позвольте прояснить: Моя команда сделает лучшую рекламу, которую только возможно представить Но мы не можем сделать ее вирусной Извините, я... я не знаю, зачем он.. ..все усложняет Адам, зачем ты все усложняешь? Потому что "стать вирусным" это то, что прям невозможно предсказать! Это включает.. оно живет само по себе.. Так стоп.. вы.. Вы предлагаете сделать это видео.. Разумным? Что? Это вообще возможно? Сделать видео.. C самосознанием Нет! Черт! Я действительно подумал, что мы к чему-то пришли Вот жеж! Окей... окей... Как нам сделать его вирусным..? Ладно! Вернемся к обсуждению Хорошо. Какие еще способы сделать видео вирусным? Что. Нравится. Людям? Щеночки! Щеночки, прекрасно Что еще? Нет, насколько мне известно Ппп-перед тем, как мы углубимся в это Не могли ли бы вы описать мне, что за видео вы хотите сделать Какие-нибудь примеры или отсылки? Так, я уверен, мы наткнулись на что-то, но мы можем вернуться к этому позднее Согласен По поводу источников вдохновения, я бы сказал.. Реклама Old Spice Напомните, какой у нас бюджет? Одна тысяча долларов Адам, дело в том, что реклама Old Spice получила сотни миллионов просмотров Мы хотим похожего результата Он хочет похожего результата Ллл-ладно. Отложим бюджет Это не так, что я могу нажать на кнопку "сделать вирусным" когда я загружа... Так, подожите Извините. Вы имеете в виду, что существует кнопка "сделать вирусным" Которую можно нажать и не сказали об этом сразу? Иии-извините, я имел в виду, что невозможн... Адам! Просто нажми кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Ну правда же! Мой вам совет Каждый раз, когда мы заливаете видео Действительно! Нажимайте на чертову кнопку "сделать вирусным"! Слушайте этого человека, он знает, о чем говорит! Что ж, ребята, знаете что мы для вас сделаем? Мы на нажмем на "вирусную" кнопку! Так. Теперь напомните, что за продукт мы рекламируем? Ага! Мы специализируемся на удобрениях Ну конечно же.. И бюджет - тысяча долларов, так? Так, что-то в этом роде Отлично! Мы сделаем вам вирусное видео о дерме! Обожаю этого парня Я говорил, что он хорош

  Top Comments:
  1. @DasKraze: That fingersnap at the end
  2. @BoyleeDalton: And the video went viral tho
  3. @WhatBananas: "Only pay for what you need."™ 

Their adds will always be well remembered to me.
  4. @natben6099: the sound is terrible
  5. @JellySquid55: Tbh, they almost had me with the self awareness video 😂
  6. @405dewey: This is literally what Dominos pizza is doing in the US right now. They are just calling their new pizza deal “viral” as if that makes it so. Immediately thought of this clip.
  7. @PatriciaSullivan-o1m: Wilson Cynthia White Susan White Donna
  8. @jdotoz: "I was thinking that this time you could make a good product."
  9. @deadrussianliberal2897: Viral Video About Shit

I believe that’s a reference.
  10. @MatthewKai-cf8ld: This makes me want to go ssj 3 on Rowan and Alan bc this was just crazy one sided between actual brain activity verses idiocy
  11. @mohammedbarakat1227: for the first time Alan is Rowan-dumb 😂😂
  12. @CaleAi928: Sheesh when is the viral button unlocked on youtube? 

After you reach a million subscribers?
  13. @JMetz: Yes, but can you make 7 perpendicular lines? In the shape of a kitten?
  14. @2macki332: To make a video go viral today in 2024 one needs to analyze the algorithm that is recommending videos to people and once enough knowledge is acquired trick the algorithm to spread your video :)
  15. @proxy90909: I feel like this video costed more than that "marketing campaign"
  16. @Userxxx333: Actually if you have enough budget to spend you can actually make something go viral.
  17. @NityaVlogsjubi: I m from India
  18. @KingCauz: Both : we specialize in fertilizers
Alan : of course u do .. 

😂😂😂 damn roll ... thats confirm that they only know sh**
  19. @orctrihar: Of course there is no buttons.. there just a way to do it who will make it popular.
  20. @abezth7506: The thing with going viral is that it depends on the consumer. If they prefer tomorrow something that took no effort but they somehow like, no matter the effort put into something, whatever you do to counter it, it will usually not matter.

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- 36 PROVEN Ways To HACK The YouTube Shorts Algorithm!: Kind: captions Language: en - Do you feel like you're having trouble getting your YouTube Shorts to go viral? Whether you love them or hate them and you've heard us say this before you should be making YouTube Shorts today if you're trying to grow on YouTube. And this isn't just us saying this, this is coming directly from YouTube themselves. "Creators who are uploading both short and long form content are seeing better overall watch time and subscriber growth compared to those who are only uploading on one format." Well, hey, that sounds promising but if you're just starting out things could feel a bit daunting or confusing. You're trying to crack the code and get people to actually watch your shorts. And in fact, here at vidIQ, we're also trying to crack that very same code. And after studying hundreds of channels we think we have some answers for you. Beating the YouTube Shorts algorithm is possible but it is going to take a brand new skillset for those of you who are new to uploading short-form content. So it's time to take everything you know about optimizing a long form video and put it aside, because if you're trying to grow on YouTube Shorts, we're gonna talk about how this is gonna be a little bit different. With YouTube Shorts, you have maybe about three seconds or so to get them to stop scrolling and give the rest of your short a chance. And if they do give you a short a chance and the viewer watches the rest of it YouTube is much more likely to push that short to even more people. With that in mind, there is one thing you as a creator need to focus on whenever you make a short, and that is your hook. Your hook could be some text on the screen or something you do or say, or maybe even a sudden camera movement that somebody sees when they scroll to your short. So as we go through these today, actually let us know in the comments what are some hooks that you've seen on shorts that got you to stop scrolling? Everything you do in the hook of your short is all about raising curiosity. Now, normally you would use a title and a thumbnail to raise that curiosity, but with shorts you don't really have that opportunity. You kind of gotta think about it like acting out this title in thumbnail in a YouTube short in the first couple of seconds. You've probably seen some examples of this. One of them being, "Have You Heard About..." There's always the tried and true, "They don't want you to know." - Do you know about the Black Baby Test? No. Well, then let me tell you. - Have you ever heard of the Region-Beta Paradox? You might be suffering from it right now. - And something that works on me all the time is, "You've never seen anything like this." These type of hooks can work really well for any type of YouTube topic that you wanna cover and gain a new audience for. You're taking something that a person wouldn't otherwise care about and turning it into kind of an interesting factoid on YouTube Shorts. - This is a raw steak and this is me putting that steak into the dishwasher. Okay, trust me, check this out. According to MythBusters, dishwashers can get up to nearly 150 degrees. - Now everything you do on YouTube Shorts, is it going to need to apply to somebody who's brand new to your channel and perhaps brand new to your topic? Going forward, keep those viewers in mind as you record your shorts. Anyway, back to the subject of raising curiosity. You could get people to be curious about something that specifically happened to you, one of your own experiences. Something like, "This is the most amazing product I've ever seen," or "I would never do this and this is why." - I never buy silk." And this is the strange reason why. As a kid... - Just be careful not to give too much away in the first few seconds so people feel like they actually wanna finish watching the short. - This is the most powerful charger I've ever laid hands on. - And there's still a ton more examples to go through here for raising curiosity. "I was today years old." - I was today years old when I found this out. It took me 19 years to figure out news stands for notable events, weather and sports. Never knew that. - "Questions I get asked a lot." (upbeat music) "I asked Google." - [Man] I asked Google what the longest jump in history is. - "Three things I can do." - Here are three things I do before every flight, coming from a lawyer who travels six months outta the year. - I'm sure by now as a seasoned YouTuber or a YouTube viewer, or both, you know the importance of a call to action. We generally think of these for ourselves, right? When we're trying to get someone to leave a comment or subscribe or leave a like. But with shorts, a call to action can be the entire hook of a video. Something as simple as, "Try this." - Try this to get more views on your next YouTube short. - Or "You gotta try this." - You gotta try this with your phone. Put your speaker on your mouth like this. - Doing this gets people excited that they're gonna learn something new, maybe a new fact or new skill as long as they continue watching your channel. You could do this by opening with a different kind of question such as, "Did you know that?" - Did you know that this book is poisonous and this woman discovered it? - Hi, NASDaily. - Or maybe crazy facts. - Crazy body facts that you probably didn't know. Did you know that your brain generates enough electricity just by thinking? - You can also get people really thinking about things they wouldn't have thought of before. videos that start with "Have you ever wondered?" - Have you ever wondered what the most viewed YouTube video is? - We got "Let her go." Just Music, "Let her go." - Or by asking the question, "Is it possible to?" - [Man] Is it possible to feel high with pressure points? Well, according to this doctor - Let's shift gears a little bit though. What if your channel is about reviewing products? Well, you could keep it really simple and just compare two products, X versus Y. - Biggest smartphone versus smallest smartphone. Which one's actually more practical? - Or you could mention why you'd never try a product and that kind of negativity can get people to stop scrolling. - [Woman] Why I would never style my Maxi skirt like this and how I would change it. - If you wanna push a service or talk about things like fashion and makeup, you can educate your viewers on the dos and don'ts that they should follow. - [Woman] Dos and don'ts of coat shapes. Don't pair a perfect coat with proper shoes like loafers or a ballet flat. - Or simply how to do things themselves. - [Woman] How to create festive outfits if you're a minimalist. Try pairing some sheer socks or tights underneath our jeans to make them feel more evening appropriate. - Everybody wants to feel included. It's as if our brains are literally wired around FOMO. So include your viewers in your life and in your various experiments. For example, "Today we're gonna see." - Today we are gonna see how much water this Scooby-Doo can hold. - "I'm trying this so you don't have to." - I'm doing this so you don't have to. I've been hunting for the dumbest world record. - "Watch me." - [Woman] Watch me try to fix this squishy. It's in really bad shape. - "Today I'm going to." - [Man] Today I'm gonna find out if a big lighter really does burn for 55 minutes. - And we all know there's a trick that works for even long form videos, and that is to make a list. These generally keep people watching all the way to the end. And you can do this in shorts too. For example, seven best. - Seven tastiest smartphone cases. Starting off with the Ice Lolly. - "Five products you won't believe exist." - Five Amazon products you won't believe are real. Number five is the Sun Visor Fan Hat. - "Top three." - Top three YouTube mistakes. - If you're trying to position yourself as an educator on a specific topic, then hacks is a great way to share something new with somebody. Everybody loves a quick hack, and you can say that, "This hack is gonna help you reach whatever goal that is in three easy steps." - How to become a mermaid in three steps. First, go to a friend's birthday party and push her away. - "Here's how to have the best blank of your life." - Here's how to have the best sleep of your entire life. Make sure your room is dark. - There's always simple how-tos. - Here's how to write an entire book using ChatGPT. Step one, you say, "Hey, I wanna write a book about this topic. Can you give me five, 10 title ideas?" - And then of course just outright mentioning hacks themselves. This could be your YouTube Shorts, a lot more views. Another kind of cheeky thing you can do is create some sense of urgency as soon as people scroll to your shorts. You could straight up ask people to stop scrolling. - Wait, stop scrolling, straighten your back. Why are you always slouching? Do you see how tense your forehead is? Relax it. Relax it now. - Or you could talk about how, "Doing this right now is the most important thing of your life." This is the most important decision you can make on your YouTube channel, and a lot of people get it wrong. You've probably stumbled upon a bunch of shorts by now that talk about making more money. Everyone wants to make a little bit of money on the side and having somebody spoon feed that information to you is pretty tempting as you're just kind of swiping through shorts. If you know a good way to make some money you can give people a little bit of a monetary incentive to stop scrolling. You could talk about making X dollars a day using a specific product. - Here are four ways to make $800 a day using ChatGPT. The first method is to sell birthday cards with a poem on Etsy. - Or going back to hacks, "Hacks that will save you money." - [Woman] "Art Hacks That'll Save You Money: Part One." First up, we have these plastic food containers. All you do is add a couple of paper towels to it, spray it until it's damp, add your acrylic paint like you normally would, and this makes the paint not dry out. - So there you have it your ultimate guide to hooks that work. What this really takes though is getting out of your comfort zone and beginning to actually make some content. Creating content that gets people to stop scrolling is a learned skill and it's gonna take you practice. But of course, practice takes time and you're probably here looking for a bit of a cheat code. So check out this video right here and maybe you'll pick up a thing or two. Also, what do you think of my new studio? I think it's coming along. It's not fully done yet. We're kind of under construction. Stay tuned.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TapToFearTv1 [3 likes]: whos is here in 2025
  2. @TJO-002: Nice vid
  3. @100t_hanni: tldr: clickbait people but with hooks instead of thumbnails
  4. @sancarlosviners: i am a youtuber of over 3years. i got 156M views for 1 video only,.and many millions of views.
  5. @l.tjustonsenack: i'm not trying to go viral i'm just trying to post funny gameing videos
  6. @SmartCentsDaily89: Wow, this really makes me realize that there is still a lot I haven't learned 😂
  7. @Lunastudiotv1: A struggling creator here but we shall make it Amen
  8. @Yamal-t5m: I found this tutorial very helpful
  9. @alwaysonsideneveroffside: Do you guys like football?
  10. @Economicrebel: Really its going to work ??
  11. @filintoromerosierralta: jajajajajajajajajaj!
  12. @MitoFacts: nice 😮
  13. @GeoskabsWhaikabs: This was wholesome content.
  14. @HoanDuong-x5e: This content is very useful.
  15. @popaswachington: The information was spot on.
  16. @hecateShudu: I like your style of presentation.
  17. @IbrahimNicoPichler: That was really impressive.
  18. @gầvaga-e9s: Your tips are always on point.
  19. @noxxx15: Such good content, keep it up.
  20. @KaylieHannahWinkler: This is a must-watch!

- 5 ADVANCED YouTube Algorithm Hacks To Get More Views: Kind: captions Language: en so the First YouTube algorithm secret I call it the new channel boost essentially unofficially YouTube is trying to compete with Tik Tok now something Tik Tok do very well especially in the beginning in the beginning when a new account is created and posts a bunch of videos Tik Tok makes sure to give those videos an extra amount of Impressions and Views to inspire that new Creator to continue posting content and as of this year me and a lot of my YouTuber mates have been noticing YouTube doing a similar thing for example this channel Nate wealth if we come back and look at his first couple of uploads 200,000 views on his first video 89,000 views on his second video but then fourth video 150,000 views fifth video 360,000 views sixth video 140 then 130 then 150 that's pretty good pretty insane results especially considering a lot of the topics Nate was covering especially in these two videos were like how to record voiceovers for YouTube videos which typically in my experience aren't Super Hot Topics in the YouTube education in space now not to take anything away from Nate's success his videos were very good but this channel was started right at the peak of this YouTube new channel boost thing that's been happening cuz for example if we come up and look at some of the newer videos on the channel very few of them have got anywhere close to where his original videos are in fact he's only had two videos get over 100,000 views out of his last 14 videos and I don't think this is necessarily his fault his videos are just as good if not better quality than some of his earlier ones it's just that his channel boost is kind of worn off and I've seen this happen on so so many channels now so if you've been grinding away on your channel for a couple of years you've been struggling your older content isn't very good but the new content you're starting to put out is something you could try would be creating a new channel and just posting your new good content on that and see if you can trigger this new channel boost thing YouTube's doing but if you don't take advantage of this in the right way like most people you're not going to get many views so the next algorithm secret I want to share with you is going to help you do that so I've jumped over to my trusty digital whiteboard here this is where the fun begins that will sort of help to illustrate a thing called collaborative f in so let's say that you post a YouTube video and let's say this is your Minecraft YouTube video right now these circles around here these are different audiences so we have viewers of Apex videos viewers of Counter-Strike videos etc etc and what YouTube's going to do right off the bat when you post a video especially if your channel doesn't have very much data is going to try promoting it to a bunch of different audiences that it thinks might like your video so for example it might test promoting it out to a small segment of the Apex viewers Niche but because these people are Apex viewers not Minecraft viewers they're not going to be interested in this video and so they're not going to click on it or watch it the algorithm might do the same thing to csgo viewers promote to a small portion of them but again Counterstrike Global Offensive is very different to Minecraft and so dedicated viewers of csgo videos probably aren't going to watch your Minecraft video and it's going to do the same thing to all of these other niches and they're not going to work out because they're not Minecraft viewers until it promotes your Minecraft video to a small segment of the Minecraft viewers Niche now I do want to say that this is a very oversimplified metaphorical way of understanding how the algorithm works but if you act as if this is exactly how the algorithm works it's going to help you get a lot more views and I'll show you why in a second so anyway it's going to promote your Minecraft video test it with a small section of the Minecraft viewers audience now these Minecraft viewers remember want to watch Minecraft videos and so assuming your Minecraft video is good this little segment is going to resonate very positively with your Minecraft video they going a bunch of we're going to watch it YouTube's going to be like oh we're on to something here and it's going to promote that Minecraft video of yours to maybe a larger segment of this audience and a larger segment and a larger segment until it promotes this video to the entire segment of Minecraft viewers and if you're lucky well not lucky but if you've created a good tile thumbnail video Etc they're all going to click on and watch this Minecraft video of yours and it's going to get a bunch of views now let's say we take this Minecraft video and because it was so successful you create another Minecraft video now the algorithm is going to do maybe a similar thing to what it did before but it's going to promote and test with even smaller portions of these other audiences because it was unsuccessful with them in the beginning with this video here so it promotes to a small portion of this audience and a smaller portion of this audience again they don't resonate because this is another Minecraft video that you've just posted here right but then when it comes back to the trusty Minecraft viewers audience and promotes to them they resonate very positively with this video YouTube continues to scale this video up within this niche until all of them have had this video promoted to them now again this isn't exactly how the algorithm works but this is a really good way to think about it so we come up here and guess what you post another Minecraft video and now at this point the algorithm is starting to learn it's figuring out hey this channel whenever it posts a video seems to resonate with Minecraft viewers and so what it's going to do is it's going to promote this video to the Minecraft viewers audience and because you've posted yet another Minecraft video again this audience reacts positively to this video click on it watch it everything is right with the world and with every video you post you start getting more and more views but this is where a lot of small creators stuff up they get bored and they post a different video for example instead of a Minecraft video they post a fortnite video now the algorithm remember thinks that this channel is actually a Minecraft Channel based on the profile the success and the data it's built up on this channel in the past so what it does is it promotes your fortnite video right off the bat to these Minecraft viewers but we have a problem these Minecraft viewers aren't interested in fortnite they want to watch Minecraft videos and so they don't react positively to this fortnite video YouTube never ends up finding the Right audience for this video and instead it just assumes oh this must be a bad video because this audience who normally click on all the videos from this Channel and not clicking on or watching this video and so that video must just not be very good now you and I with our evolved brains can look at this situation and tell hey maybe this fortnite video actually is a good video the problem is it's just being promoted to the wrong audience it doesn't matter how good of a fortnite video you make if that video gets promoted to people who just don't want to watch fortnite videos you're kind of screwed I don't care how much the algorithm plugs Peppa Pig videos to me I'm not going to click on them just because I'm not interested in those videos at least that's what I want you to think and so I know this is a bit complicated but this is the algorithm secret I want you to understand because what a lot of you guys are doing right now is you have videos on your channels that appeal to multiple different audiences meaning the algorithm is never able to build up a profile of who your viewers are and so you're stuck in this endless learning cycle where all of your videos just get a very small amount of views and the algorithm has absolutely no idea who to send them to So to avoid this mistake and this is something I constantly drum into my students create videos for a specific Niche and the way I Define that the question to ask yourself is would the type of audience who click on this video also want to click on all of the rest of the videos on my channel so this particular circumstance our fortnite video doesn't pass this litness test because fortnite viewers will be far less likely to watch all the other Minecraft videos on this channel vice versa Minecraft viewers who click on these videos probably aren't going to watch our fortnite video so this channel fails our Niche test which means it's probably going to grow way slower or just not grow at all so if you design your channel strategy in a way that it's going to be working with the algorithm and feeding the algorithm good data you're going to be way ahead of almost everyone else but just because you have a common through line AC across all of the content on your channel doesn't necessarily mean you're going to get views because if your videos themselves aren't very good then obviously no one is going to want to click on watch or send positive signals to the algorithm about any of them in the first place and that's why I want to share this next algorithm secret with you and it revolves around a principle called the peak end rule so when we look into what YouTube themselves actually say about how to get their algorithm to give me more views they say that YouTubers should focus on three main buckets first is appeal second is engagement third is satisfaction now this is actually very good advice from YouTube but as with most of YouTube's advice it's so vague and watered down that it's kind of not useful so let me explain to you what YouTube is saying here basically the first step is you need a video that is going to appeal to your Audience by appeal YouTube looks at whether or not viewers once served your video are going to find it appealing enough to actually want to click on it the second bucket is engagement it's all well and good if someone clicks on a video but if they click on it and leave it immediately not a very good sign the third category though is satisfaction this is something that doesn't get talked about very much because it's sort of hard to understand and little know so what YouTube wants is for people to keep coming back to the YouTube platform and even if someone creates engaging content so they get viewers to watch that video all the way to the end that doesn't necessarily mean that those viewers were satisfied with that piece of content I'm sure you've been in a situation where you've clicked on a video watched it all the way to the end and thought um it's the the biggest piece of dog or maybe you were just completely tricked you expecting a big payoff at the end of that video and that big payoff never came or maybe it was just super underwhelming and that's really bad in YouTube's eyes because it makes you less likely to click on another video to spend more time on YouTube and when you spend less time watching videos on YouTube YouTube makes less money so what the YouTube recommendation system does is analyze a bunch of signals to figure out whether or not people are actually satisfied with the video they just watched so one of the things YouTube does to learn how satisfied viewers are with particular videos is it periodically shows viewers surveys after watching a certain video that asks them how they feel about the video they just watched YouTube then uses the data from those surveys to train predictive models to identify which videos are the most satisfying now you might think well I hardly ever see these surveys markers so they must not have that big of an impact well the thing is because of collaborative filtering another concept we talked a bit about earlier YouTube might only show these seys to one out of every 100 or one out of every 10,000 or 100,000 I don't know what the number actually but then based on that one viewer's response it's going to find all the other people who've watched this video who have similar viewing habits and tastes to that one viewer who filled out the survey and that one survey response from that one viewer is basically going to be used to represent the sentiment for all of these other viewers almost as if they filled out the exact same survey so if you can get viewers to remember your content very favorably when those surveys pop up they're going to be more likely to give you a higher rating which means YouTube's going to view your content as more satisfying which means it's going want to promote it more bit complicated but I hope that makes sense so the big question is how can we get people to remember our content more favorably that's where the peak and Ru comes in the peak and R states that essentially how people feel about something like your video will be defined by the peak of the video so the single most engaging emotion inducing moment from that video and the end of that video I.E how that video ended and the part where a lot of YouTubers screw this up is the end bit so guys that's the end of my video thanks so much for watching if you enjoyed please leave a like down below and leave a comment letting me know what videos you want to see next basically you're killing your end which means people are going to remember your video less favorably giving you less positive survey ratings meaning the algorithm send you less views so what you want to do is have some sort of ramp of energy or emotion right at the end of your video now I can use the cliche example that Everyone likes to throw around including myself which is Mr Beast look at how abruptly he ends these videos after just casually giving away like a million dollars so when that audience satisfaction survey shows up or when they promoted another Mr Beast video those viewers are still sort of riding the high of the last few seconds of the video they just watched they're more likely to give it a favorable rating or click on another Mr Beast video and I know this is hard to do I fail at this in my own videos all the time but if you can engineer this into the end of your video based on what I've analyzed you're going to start seeing better results but in order for this to actually work obviously you need your viewers to actually get to the end of your video and for people to get to the end of your video you need a good average view duration hence the next algorithm secret the average view duration lie well it's not quite that your average view duration analytics lie to you but often we don't have the context that we need to when analyzing our average view duration which is how long our viewers watch our video for to draw good meaningful conclusions from it let me give you an example let's say you have a small Channel you're not big but you have a little bit of an audience growing and you post a video like my story how I started my YouTube channel now after you post that video you go into your analytics you scroll down to your audience retention graph and you see the retention is really good and you're like wow people really like this video I should create more story based content about my life now sometimes that might be the case what's more likely to be the case is that particular video is only going to be clicked on by people who are interested enough in you to care about your story and that type of viewer is going to be more likely to watch your video all the way to the end than say a more casual viewer who's not even going to click on your video in the first place because your story doesn't interest them so essentially you're getting a very small group of people who really care about you to click on your video they watch it all the way to the end they inflate your analytics to make it look like this is the best video you've ever created but the video doesn't get very many views because as soon as YouTube tests promoting it with a small section of other broader audiences they show absolutely no interest and so YouTube just like cuts off the promotion and so my overall advice to you here is not to completely ignore your analytics but it's to bear in mind the context of them so the ultimate metric you should keep coming back to is your views even if you got a bad click through right if that video is getting a lot of views it means you're doing something right so Analyze That video figure out what it is about that video that people are liking and apply it to all of your future videos but for some people this brings up the question what analytics in my YouTube dashboard can I trust well beyond things like views and Impressions a metric YouTube puts a lot of focus on is your watchtime hours watch hours are almost a combination of the three big elements we talked about earlier appeal engagement and satisfaction and here's why you can have a video that retains a lot of people but the video has only been watched by nine people because it's not very appealing to anyone on the other hand you could have a really appealing video great title great thumbnail great idea but when people click onto it they don't engage AKA watch it for very long and that's also a bad thing but in order to get watchtime hours people have to actually click on the video and they also need to watch it for a certain length of time to actually contribute seconds minutes maybe even hours towards that watchtime hour step and this is why YouTube are constantly talking about and showing you watch hours analytics when you click to your YouTube Analytics dashboard it's YouTube sort of hinting to you like hey we want you to focus on this it's even so important that the new YouTube ab thumbnail testing tool that's going to be released sometime next year decides the best thumbnail for a video not based on clickthrough rate not based on views but based on watch hours so if you can create longer videos without making them boring and adding more filler content sometimes this gives you the opportunity to get more watch hours per viewer which can sometimes lead to you getting more views and you can see a lot of popular creators Mr Beast Ryan Mayan arach etc etc compare their video lengths nowadays to what they were a couple of years ago or when they first started you'll see they're gradually making their videos longer and longer and longer and this is also true with YouTube shorts for example a study I covered in one of my previous videos analyzed 5,400 different YouTube shorts and something they found was that on average the shorts that got the most views tended to be the longest ones now sure there are a bunch of other important factors obviously but let's take two really good shorts the only difference between them is at 13 seconds and one's 1 minute and on average they both get viewers to watch the short all the way to the end according to this study the short that is 1 minute in length is probably going to get more watch hours and perform better now I've talked a bunch about retention and watch hours and so I think it's only fair that we talk a little bit about the appeal equation which is making clickable content and I think this is really critical because while obviously it's important that we engage and satisfy our viewers if people don't click in the first place you don't even have the opportunity to engage or satisfy your viewers there seems to be this click versus retention myth going around that says if you just create great videos viewers are going to come and I don't think this mentality is correct in fact based on what I'm seeing on my channels but also across my thousands of students channels it's that your packaging which is your tile and thumbnail so how you package your video actually plays a bigger role in your video getting views initially than the quality of your video so what I mean by that is if you have a great video highly engaging keeps people watching all the way to the end but you have a pretty average title and thumbnail that video is not going to perform as well as another video that has a great title and thumbnail but kind of more average video content and I know that's very controversial to say I'm open to other data but it's just what I'm seeing right now and so the actionable Insight you should take away here is if like most people you're spending 90% of your efforts on actually creating your video and then 10% of your efforts on the title and thumbnail you should probably be spending somewhere more like 30 or 40% of your efforts just on coming up with a really cracking idea and great packaging so super enticing title and thumbnail and then the remaining percentage of your efforts actually on your video and after trying that for a bit I would be very surprised if you're not getting more views than you currently are now now speaking of packaging a lot of people associate packaging with your click-through rate which is the percentage of people who click on your video after they see it listed on YouTube so for example if my video is pushed out to 10 viewers and out of those viewers one of them actually clicks on my video I will have a 10% clickthrough rate because the number one is 10% of 10 but as you're probably Gathering from this video clickthrough rate is also not a metric you can just take on face value sometimes you can actually get more views with a lower clickthrough rate than you would with a higher clickthrough rate and so before you go spending all this extra time on your titles and thumbnails you should probably learn how to gauge the performance of your titles and thumbnails and how to accurately understand what click through rate is and how it works so I'll link a video on screen where I go over that in a lot more detail because I've been recording for 1 hour and 3 minutes right now and and U I kind of want to go to bed right now so click on that video I'll explain it all there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marcus-Jones [4 likes]: Full free YouTube course on how to grow from 0 subscribers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ltVnicT2kU&list=PL3ofSMAYh8bsWmcxENO2v5e3rLW1nzG-k&index=6




👉 Also, want help to reach your first 1k subscribers? If so, click here https://link.how-to-reach-1000-subscribers.com/learn-more
  2. @ThClssrmPdcst [2 likes]: 5:25 Basically. the agorithm is dumb 😅
  3. @Kaal_Dagon [1 likes]: I understand what you're saying but I wanted a variety channel from day 1. I cannot talk just about 1 theme my whole life, it's boring. I wanted to emulate Charlie or Muda, just turn on the cam and go about anything "hey guys, today I wanted to talk about ..." whatever
  4. @TAVnimatiON: Lol. I received about 4 or 5 surveys until now 😅. I always give 5 stars 😅. Until now I received surveys only at videos I liked.
  5. @skillshotcity: Nice video, thanks! But how about the like to view ratio? Wouldn't that be the main metric of "satisfaction" compared to these surveys?
  6. @oagengmasunyane4235: Marcus i think i've got a lot work to do on my skills to create content from now on thanks a lot.
  7. @Amir.Samson: Hi Marcus! thanks for the wonderful content you generate. I had a question regarding the "Wrong video to Wrong group of people". 
If I make a video which is not related to my previous set of viewers and they dislike it, and the algorithm gets confused, do I still have a chance to delete that video and save my previous flow?
Or its not worth the risk and I should start a new channel?
  8. @Revivalvalleychurch: Are you South African 😂
  9. @VideoDonuts: Hi.  Help me understand how to download the 200 sound effects pack.  The link takes me to a page where the only (obvious) option is to upgrade to the 1000 sound fx pack.  Thanks!
  10. @MrBrownStoneShorts: l love your videos very informative
  11. @RockDZ: 🔴 Through my experience and test on my channel based on 7 years of work, i found that the first most important thing to do is to get the best video idea possible,
i have tested a video with the best components like : title, thumbnail, description, editing, and everything else, but it didn't go viral like a video about "trendy thing" which was simple video and less effort made one.
the best-looking video with simple idea got me almost 150 views, but the simple video with the best idea got me over 60k views

 if you are reading this : remember to write next video ideas before doing anything else, then pick which one is the best as priority, edit it as hard as you can to gain attention and build better engagement, then the other ideas are just filling the channel and helping to make the followers enjoying and not bore
  12. @TrackingMotivation: My videos are not getting pushed.. What to follow?
  13. @MrGasmatiTV: Thank you for sharing your knowledge Marcus. Cheers!
  14. @AdventureBusinessHobby: Glad to have you brother 🇺🇸
  15. @ThClssrmPdcst: Straight cut kinda guy 💯
  16. @littlechickenstudio: Hi Marcus! Thanks a lot for this video and all the helpful content you put out :) I've got a question for you. We recently started a family travel channel and our first several videos were all in Japan, and they performed very well - 61k, 43k views, etc. Now we've started putting out videos in other countries and just like your Fortnite example, even if the quality of our videos are getting better - they're flopping. As much as we love Japan, we want to explore the rest of the world too and continue making content. What would you suggest for a family travel niche not focused on just one country?
  17. @RyokiTenkaiEdits: This is the best yt channel in the world!


...

Read more
  18. @1sonicvibes: Does nobody use Google Ads and YouTube ad campaigns? I have watched way too many of these “how to YT” videos and none mention advertising. I find this hard to believe. What’s your take MJ?
  19. @Acnehow: I have 261 subscribers
  20. @OddworldCrimes: Great info!

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- Reacting to VIRAL TikTok Beauty Fails: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, I'm going to be watching beauty fails. This was a bad idea. She's putting wax in her hair. Why would you be waxing off your baby hairs? This actually makes no sense. Is she going to do it? Is she going to do it? Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh, and I also made a bingo of some things we should expect to see today. I'm going to put a clean copy on the screen so that you guys can follow along and I'm going to say that fail marks off major edging because she didn't even wax her baby hairs. That's all I wanted to see. Let's watch the next one. Okay, so she's using rare beauty blush. Yeah, I also feel like that was too much. That's a big juicy dot and we all know rare beauty blush, you literally just need like a speck of it. A speck and that's still too much. Oh girl. Oh girl, she's trying to blend it out but she's not going to be able to save it. Oh god. Oh god. Literally, how do you fix this? I never understood why rare beauty blush was so pigmented. I mean also people are going to complain if it's not pigmented enough. People are going to complain if it's too pigmented. So you like can never win, I feel like. But what's the point of making it so potent that like nine times out of 10 you end up looking like a clown. I want to say they did change their formula though and say that it's less pigmented. I think they saw the Tik Toks and they and they heard our cries for help. I'm going to go ahead and cross off blush blindness. Next, enjoy this video of me trying to contour for the first time. Okay, number one, this is not a contour shade, this is a bronzer shade. Contour, cool tone. Bronzer, warm tone. This is a very warm tone. Also, wow, this is this is way too much girl. Absolutely not. We've all been there though. We've all done that. Now she knows for next time and make sure y'all stick around because the videos get progressively worse. I'm kind of scared to watch our next one. It's titled gelatin face mask. Literally, what is going on? Is this a DIY face mask out of gelatin? This is so scary. Why do I feel like this technique could be cool for like a special effects makeup look though? Also, should I try it? Wait, I feel like I have to do it now. Oh my god, now I want to see her take it off so bad, but I don't think that video exists. OH MY GOD, IT DOES. IT'S PINNED ON HER PROFILE. I FOUND IT. WE HAVE TO watch this one, too. Part two of the peel. This is not like a satisfying peel. I didn't know you could have like a cringey peel video. But this one is like not itching the part of my brain that I want it to itch. I feel like she's a lizard shedding her skin right now. Mm-mm. Mm-mm, girl. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. And here's how it looks after. Comment if you think I should try this because I'm so down. And with that, I'm going to cross off nightmare core. Because I'm definitely going to be having night terrors about that gelatin face mask. Anyways, okay, this one says POV you're filming a Sephora haul and you notice your Sol de Janeiro is leaking. And she has the body spray. Let's see what this is about. Okay, she's taking the plastic off. Is the bottle broken? We don't know. I'm scared. Oh my god. OH MY GOD, THE BODY spray peed on her. Oh, it's all over her table. I mean, low-key, she probably smells good now. Pink is my favorite scent from Sol de Janeiro. So, that one is going to be preppy explosion. Oh my gosh, we got three in a row, you guys. Are we going to get a bingo this early? Cuz that would be crazy. Okay, this one is lip tattoos. Oh. Okay, so it's like a little rainbow lip tattoo, but it's not sticking to her lip. I'm definitely going to order that. Y'all are going to see me trying that soon. Yes, we're going to order it. Thank you. What is all over my carpet? Green. What is green all over my carpet? Getting tatted. Haven't used my beauty blender in a few weeks. Apparently, this is mold. Girl, that does not look right. That looks like Yoshi's egg from Super Mario Bros. So, daily reminder, wash your beauty blenders, wash your makeup brushes. Okay, so this girl tried something new with her makeup. and then I get the itch to try something new with my makeup. And then at the end, you know what actually happened? A clown. Wait, maybe it's not that No, it's bad. No, it's bad. You know, what's the harm in experimenting with a little something new in your bedroom, right? Did she look a little goof? I would say yeah, but there's nothing wrong with that. I've been there, done that, as Pitbull once said. POV, you ruined your whole makeup with a new setting spray. Okay, she's spraying it on. Why does it look like that? Why does it look sparkly? Is she supposed to like blend that in or something? Wait, why do I also want to order that now and see if it works. All right, I'm screenshotting that. We're going to add it to the cart. I love it when we're reacting to beauty fails and I'm buying the products that they're using. Like girl, they don't work. Why do I want them? I'm going to mark off Edward Cullen because they look identical. This one says, "I paid $200 for my prom makeup and it turned out awful." I feel like 200 is a lot, right? Okay, the inspo photo's gorgeous. I'm obsessed with this. That's so fierce. Why did her eyebrows look like that? They blocked out her brows and then gave her pencil thin brows. Other than the brows, hear me out, I feel like it's not that bad. But why would they do that to her eyebrows? Absolutely not. THAT'D BE SO SCARY. WE HAVE ANOTHER beauty fail and I think y'all know what I'm pulling up. So, the original video for this was taken down actually by the girl that posted it because she got clocked. But this is a screen recording of that video because the internet lives on. You can delete whatever you want, it's not going to go away. So, let's watch it. Poor memory, getting my makeup done for my wedding and I hated it so much that I decided to wash it off and redo it myself. Okay, so that was the photo of the makeup. And like I said, everyone has their different opinions, but that didn't look horrible to me. Like that looked fine. All right, she went in. Oh my god. She's washing her makeup off. Dude, this would be the most stressful ever. Heck no. And she's saying she just doesn't want to see her makeup artist. Like girl. She didn't want it on my neck at all. And then she said There's no makeup on my neck. Rather walk down the aisle And they're just sitting in here like roasting the makeup artist. And now she's doing it herself. wait wait to make a TikTok about this. She can't wait to make a TikTok about this, you guys. I mean, I guess, you know, if that's what's going to make you feel better, period. But I think there were ways to go about it that weren't like tearing down the makeup artist. And guess what? The makeup artist made a reaction video. So, we're going to watch that. I love spectating some tea. The tea is exceptionally good today. Okay, so she due added the video, which is so period for her. She is that girl. So, 21 million of you have seen that viral video of the bride washing off her makeup 20 minutes before her first look on her wedding day. Well, it's me. I'm that makeup artist. Oh my god, period. Um I honestly um was shocked to see this. I There were no indicators that she was unhappy. Honestly, um I've been doing this over 20 years. So, even if a bride says she loves it, often I can tell if she doesn't. Okay, I'm going to pause it. It's not rude to tell your makeup artist to change something or fix something or that you don't like something. That's what we want. We can't read your mind and like if you don't say, "Hey, like I don't know if I'm feeling this." How are we supposed to know that we're supposed to fix it? Girl, that is some you guys. All I'm going to say is we're going to mark off canceled. Now, this one says date night makeup gone wrong. God, that was a lot, but I want to go really shiny like cuz I just think it's it makes my makeup look so much nicer. Okay, first off what her eyebrows look like that? Girl, she definitely did this on purpose. They don't look the same. They do not look the same. Look at her holding up these bottles being like y'all anyone would have mistaken this. No one would have. I know she did that on purpose. She just wanted to view. We've all been there. That's all I'm going to say. Next. Okay, so this is our girl in the car applying some blush. I wonder if this was a rare beauty incident as well. Girl, our girl is a mess. Covering it up with some foundation. Yeah, I actually feel like she can save this. Look, it low-key looks good. She ate that down. If blush blindness has affected you or somebody else that you know, you have to like the video. Okay, what's going on here? Her forehead looks like a fresh baked cake crumbling out of the pan. Is that a knife? Is she scratching her head with a knife? What on God's green earth is going on here you guys? What the heck? I don't know why my body's also telling me this was done on purpose just for the sole purpose of scraping it off with a knife in a video. But nonetheless, I'm going to go ahead and mark off has to be a joke. This one says hall fail. It was at this moment that he knew. Oh, so all their blush dumped out. I'm also going to say something controversial. Not me ruining all these viral videos for you guys. I know there's a stopper in the Sheglam blush that does not let that happen and also the formula is not that watery. So I think they took the stopper off and added water into there so that that would happen. I just feel like I understand the concept of a viral video. Me personally, I could never have to try but like I understand. This one is acne treatment gone wrong. Oh my god, it's so bad. She has like chemical burns on her face. That's so scary. I hope she's okay. Y'all, let it be a lesson. Don't use expired products. I know none of us look at the expiration dates, but if it's a serious treatment, it could turn out bad. Oh my god. This one is toner gone wrong. It feels like an allergic reaction, but you can see like I'm literally breaking out everywhere. I thought I heard some really good things about it. Everyone Glow recipe I'm going to try to go as long as possible without putting any makeup over it, just so it doesn't irritate it more. I've got things to do today. Yeah, that does not look good. A lot of the comments are saying the same thing. This happened to me and I've been recovering for months. It ruined my face, too. I didn't realize our girl, the Glow Recipe watermelon toner, was that controversial. I thought we loved her. Cuz that's never happened to me and I use the toner a lot. So, I'm going to mark off anti-Glow Recipe. Into each their own. I mean, not every skin care product works for every person. If you notice something happening to your face after introducing a new skin care product, take it out. Go back to the basics for a while and see if it improves and then you can identify which product was causing it. Okay, this one is eyebrow fail. I put it on for like 10 minutes. And whenever I looked like the man from Angry Birds, whatever the character's name is. Not Angry Birds. These are your eyebrows. They look really good and it really enhances the shape of your eyebrows. I have like the Nike logo on my face and now I'm stuck with this and I'm like scrubbing it. Wait, she's funny. Also, like it's so funny to me she's wiping her eyebrows and there's nothing on the makeup wipe. Like nothing's coming off, girl. I hate to break to you you're stuck with this for a while. Also, she said they let sit for 10 minutes. At most, you're supposed to let it sit for like 5 minutes. I am praying for her. Perfect, we can mark off praying for you. We're getting awfully close to a bingo, you guys. I think we could get it soon. Every girl's worst fear. She's trying to blend out her base makeup, but it's just like peeling off. That randomly happens to me sometimes. I don't know why, because I will use the same foundation that I have used for the last year and a half, but just one day will start peeling like that. I have no idea why, cuz I don't use any new skin care underneath it, either. But, I feel for her. When I knew I messed up. Okay, she has some sort of peel-off mask, and she's lifting it. Uh-oh, it's in her eyebrow. Yep. Yep. Yep, her eyebrow is stuck in it. So, I feel like usually with masks like that, if you're worried about it, you can just go in with some water before you peel it off, and that should get the eyebrow hairs unstuck. So, I feel like she'll be okay, but maybe not. Maybe she waxed them off, cuz if you just wax, it could pull them out. We're going to mark off goodbye brow. The time I overlaminated my brows, but I had school pictures the next day. Y'all, let it be a lesson. Don't try anything new if you have a big event coming up. Like, don't don't try before prom or school pictures or anything like that. Like, let's just do what we know works, okay? Why are we making it harder for ourselves? Cuz I've definitely been there. Yeah, no, they look a little scary. They definitely look scary. Also, probably don't laminate your brows at home. POV, your brand new foundation oxidized minutes before your boyfriend picked you up. Oh, that ain't good. Aren't you glad you used that makeup today? Her face is orange, and her neck doesn't match. This Oh my god, this has happened to me so many times where I will do my makeup with like a new product that maybe I got in PR or whatever. I feel like I'm looking cute, I'm looking slay, and like an hour later, I look at my camera, and I'm actually orange, and I don't match my neck. Waxing my top lip for the first time. No. No, this is not going to end well. This is not going to end well. Oh, I'm going to go ahead and say, "Don't try this at home." Oh my gosh. I bought this today at Walgreens. It's just like self-tanning face mist 1-hour express, and I thought it was like clear, like a clear solution. Most face tanners are clear, and then they develop. So, I pull it out for the first time, close my eyes, and I just start spraying it all over my face. And I open my eyes. What do I do? Oh my god. Bondi Sands, you could did me so dirty. I have to be somewhere in like 30 minutes. Y'all, I'm praying for my girl, because that self-tan, if she tries to wash it off, it definitely is going to be splotchy on her face. Never forget to take your lashes off before a facial. OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. LIKE IT'S JUST GETTING RIPPED right off. That's funny though. I mean, again, I feel that was also on purpose, but that is a funny video. I'm going to mark off, bye-bye lashes. And with that, we got ourselves a bingo. Tag me in other clips you want to see me react to, and watch another video. YouTube thinks you'll like this one. Bye, divas.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cow_231 [1 likes]: 2026. 👇😉
  2. @rashitishqipe8412 [1 likes]: ❤😂Klea
Led
  3. @spud69-z6s [1 likes]: Guys Sydney morgen  is the Chanel I watch like everyday who else watches Sydney morgen like almost evryday❤
👇
  4. @spud69-z6s [1 likes]: Hii Sydney I am such a huge fan I love your videos and boots. I have a skincare product that's worked really well for me and I would think that you might like it so I want to recommend the soap glory sorbet cream from boots the makeup shop and OLAY super cream with uv  protection SPF 30 and I am a huge fan so I hope you you like these products and I hope they work well for your skin cuz I heard in a makeup video that you have sensitive skin. Good luck 🤞🍀✨💝
  5. @AnimalPalace-k4d: Im 19 using baby shampoo and lotion beacuse everything else ive tried has damaged my hair and caused severe dandruff and baby lotion beacuse i a ceriacus
  6. @PamelaWilson-l3w: It’s a Swiss Army knife.
  7. @xthatgamerroseex: Girl the 2nd person looked like peppa
  8. @christine13cantrell: Dude that girl with the acne mask omg lord bless her omg
  9. @Pablorobloxminecraft: The first one was a bad idea
  10. @IsabellaOstapow: Please
  11. @jasminegalvin: 2:48 great Freddy Kruger gelatin face mask 🔥🔪🔪🔪🔪
  12. @Madeline-n9d: I love your channel!!
  13. @28liana: Pls try it
  14. @Thepotato2468: Girl please do a cutting open fidgets again ITS COMING BACK THIS YEAR
  15. @daraallen-lawrence224: Auto correct happened
  16. @daraallen-lawrence224: Gelitan*
  17. @daraallen-lawrence224: The Belgian face mask looks so weird!! And the girl can't even talk like girly pop.. Don't do the Belgian face mask. No one is making you. Ur an adult u have free will
  18. @book_lover-D210: 2:18 she looks like et 😂😂😂😂
  19. @JUSTKEIRA0219: 10:18 GLOW RECIPE DID THAT TO ME TO
  20. @Lana-v2b9s: 12:42 i learnt this the hard way..

- Reacting to VIRAL TikTok Beauty Fails *again*: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, pookies? We're back, and we're reacting to some more beauty fails. But, they progressively get crazier. Let's get into it. When you try doing soap brow brows with bushy brows. Okay, she's rubbing her little spoolie on the brow moment. Oh. Snatch. I also made a bingo card. I'm going to pop up a clean version on the screen so that you guys can follow along. And we're going to be marking off stuff we accomplish along the way. So, I'm going to go ahead and say that that is snatched. Okay, this one says trying a new TikTok viral hairstyle. Okay, so she's trying to do like a little ponytail moment. Um I don't know like what exactly she's going for here. Like, I don't know what this was supposed to be. But, it definitely did not work. The way I was silenced when I was already running late getting ready for my own Vegas wedding ceremony, and this happened. Girl, how does that even happen? That's like black and blue and purple, and it looks like she's got punched in the face. Why are the girls always trying to branch out with how they look before their wedding? Why are we testing those TikTok viral hacks that we don't know have been proven or disproven? Like, I don't know why we don't just stick to what we're comfortable and confident with, and you know, clean our makeup brushes before the wedding. All of these crazy fails happen like before a wedding. Now, are they actually going to wedding? Maybe. So, we're going to go ahead and mark off not before the wedding. Next. Okay, so we have like the One Size beauty setting spray, and it looks like the nozzle is like stuck down, so all the product is spraying out. I love our girl trying to use every last drop to not waste any of it. That's so real. And she just can't get it to turn off, so she's just going to have to use it until it runs out. This has definitely happened to me, not with setting spray, but I definitely remember this happening with hairspray. But, we're going to go ahead and say rip ozone layer because isn't that like what aerosol cans like damage? I'm pretty sure. But, also I could be making stuff up. So, it's like don't take my word for it. Someone who like goes to a science class, let me know if that's an accurate statement. When final touches go horribly wrong. Oh, not a wedding again. Here we go. Not a wedding again. For the record, I did not poke her and then she showed the close-up shot. Rip. I actually do believe that this one's for a wedding. That actually happened when I was putting on my mascara today, but I think I fixed it. I like stabbed my eye with the mascara wand and then blinked and then my mascara went all under my eye. The way to cure it, you let it dry first, okay? Your immediate instinct is going to be wipe it off immediately, but it'll smudge. But, if you let it dry before you wipe it off, it just kind of like flakes off and doesn't mess up the makeup underneath it. Grab your spoolie. Get the crust off and you're cured. So, that's what I did and I feel like can't even tell that I messed up. Okay, so this is those like collagen spray masks. I've definitely done a video with these before. Okay, and now our girl is giving it her best shot. Okay. Well, I would say that didn't work at all. That looks like she just took a piece of printer paper from home, cut it out in the shape of the mask and then sprayed it with setting spray. I don't even know if that was actually the mask. So, she either got like heavily scammed or she's pranking us and we're getting heavily scammed. What is going on here? Is that Boots' butt hole? Hey, here's Boots. Boots wanted to say hi. Everybody leave the comments and say hi Boots. He got a haircut. Look how BALD HE IS. WHY IS HE PUTTING HIS BUTT TO THE CAMERA AGAIN? SO, I'm just going to go ahead and mark off catfish because somebody got catfished. I don't know who, but somebody did. I was shooting a makeup tutorial and this happened. Makeup girlies, tell me why TF it's gone gray. Okay, so she pumps it onto her brush and then she already can tell that something's not right. And then she puts it on her skin and it does look a little like green, gray. And that looks like the Charlotte Tilbury foundation. I do have that. Why it would go gray, I don't know. Maybe this is a prank also. I never know with these beauty fails. Like, what happened to like genuine fails? Why are we like faking fails? Yeah, I don't know. I can't really tell you why it's gone gray. Maybe it's expired or maybe you're pranking us. This is the moment I nearly quit my job. Yes, that is black dye just dropped on the cleanest canvas. Panic, panic, panic. Oh. Oh my god. Our girl had freshly bleached, just like beach blonde hair. Why were we going in with black anyways? Why did we have black dye on a brush? I feel like there's no way to like accidentally like mix up some black dye and then like hold it over bleached hair. All I know is if I was in this situation, somebody's catching a lawsuit. I don't know like how this could have happened, but I'm going to go ahead and mark off I would sue. As Sabrina Carpenter once said, sue me. When you're doing your makeup and it starts doing this annoying thing. Okay, so she's blending with a beauty blender. And now we're getting some close-up shots and it looks like a little crusty. Dude, this is happening to me too. I don't even know like why this happened because I've switched up the products that I'm using and it's gotten better, but still crusty. We need to figure out how to cure makeup crustiness because it happens to the best of us, you guys. Like, even me. Even me. This can't be normal. What is this a bottle of? Is this like This got to be like face moisturizer or primer or something? And she's just like dumping water out of it. It's 6:00 a.m. I don't know what that has to do with anything. Not the job. Okay, so she put it directly on her forehead and there was still like water coming out of it. And it looks like blue tinged water. I guess if it's like an old cream and it's been sitting there for a while, it could like separate like that and there could be water in there. I don't know, part of me is like did she like dump water in that hole to like prank us? Maybe I have trust issues. Wait, maybe the girls aren't gagging us and I just like have trust issues and not believing that. But I just don't know. That was a lot of water that came out of there. So I think I'm going to go ahead and mark off I D K if I buy it, I still don't know if it's real or not. Oh my god, we have four in a row ladies. We're like getting close to a bingo. There's going to be some tea if we get a bingo. Let's just say that. There's nothing I hate more. Okay, and they're pulling down the concealer under their eyes and they'll be like those two like concealer cracks. Someone told me one time, hold on, we're going to zoom you guys in up up close and personal, that you shouldn't even put concealer there anyways. They said start applying your concealer like here, under the little like bottom eyelid, so that that doesn't happen. Cuz I guess you're right in theory, like what am I even concealing that's like on my waterline? Also like the second you conceal or you powder immediately after. That has cured it for me. Cuz let's see, do I have the concealer lines right now? No, I don't. POV you try to do fake freckles. Oh my god, not the L'Oreal root touch up spray. It it low key kind of worked on her. I'm not going to lie, like that did kind of work. This color is for sure way too dark to like do the freckle thing. But hers turned out better than mine. Ah, this is a trend on TikTok. You got the like L'Oreal root touch up spray and then if you spray it very gently it like makes freckles. I tried this. Y'all don't want to see that video. So because I've also fallen culprit to the root touch up spray freckle hack, I'm just going to go ahead and mark off hate when this happens. It happens to who? The best of us. You're about to finish your makeup and then Okay, so she's doing her lip liner now. I think she's putting powder on her top lip. Trying to fix it. We all knew it would make it worse. I'm actually kind of confused what I'm looking at. Her makeup looks good to me. Am I tripping? I feel like it looks perfect. I'm confused. I'm assuming like the cross has affected her upper lip, but from my POV it looks fantastic. So it's just like I'm going to go ahead and scroll to the next one. Can someone help me find someone who can fix this? Oh my god, girl. What happened? WHAT DID YOU ASK FOR? This has got to be a bit, right? Someone that like wants to like give themselves a pixie cut, but it's just like leaving a few strands for a bit. Well, no, she's really balling her eyes out in the first clip. Girl, you're going to have to like pull off like a Karen pixie cut, like let me speak to the manager cut. And I do feel like she could body that. But I am like kind of confused. I would love to know the backstory as to like how did they hair get this way? Did you do it? Did your friend do it? Did a There's no way a salon did that, right? Cuz you could sue. I'm just going to mark off like what did you ask for? Because I'm confused I'm confused, you guys. POV you will never dermaplane your face again. Baby girl, that's not your face. That's your hairline. Why are we dermaplaning our hairline? Oh my gosh, the regrowth phase. That's tough cuz it's in the front of your head. You really can't hide it. The baby hair growth. Oh. Oh my god. Oh, the bangs look incredible though. Dude, that's not dermaplaning your face. That was dermaplaning your hairline. That'd be me like shaving off like Why would you do that? Literally, why would you do that? I'm going to mark off how do you even do that? Because like how do you accidentally like shave off your baby hairs? Benefit of the doubt, like could you accidentally shave off your baby hairs? like maybe. Warning, your liquid makeup after a flight. Oh, so her eyeliner did explode all over her entire face. She looks gorgeous. Oh my god, she looks so stunning. This one I believe. I think this is real cuz she did look genuinely shocked. And I feel like this could happen on a flight. Like your makeup gets a little like I don't know. The pressurized cabin effects like the inside of your eyeliner tube and just explosion everywhere. I'm going to go ahead and say oof. Maybe being an influencer isn't cut out for me cuz tell me why the hell my Aquaphor did that. Let's watch the video. Oh, so it exploded. But not only did it explode, it exploded into her nostril. It takes some serious skill, talent, luck, dedication for this like event to even occur. So I'm going to go ahead and mark off what? Cuz that's crazy. My hair before, most of it was virgin hair. Her hair's long, luscious, gorgeous. My inspo pic. So she just wants like very minimal highlights. Oh girl, what I got. Did you see those chunks of highlights? If you intentionally want chunky highlights, it's cool. You know, it's it's bringing me back to like early 2000 Lindsay Lohan chunky highlights. And it's kind of camp. It's kind of camp if you do it on purpose. But this was clearly supposed to look super blended and super natural. And those two things it does not. The worst curtain bangs ever. I've never had one of those nightmare interesting experiences and I went in and I asked for curtain bangs. Oh my god, I don't even want to look at it. Okay, we're going to do a bang reveal. What is this? I don't know what to do. It's so awful. The amount of like post hair cutting crying in your car videos that exist on the internet is actually astronomical. I feel for her and I hope that she's able to work it out. I'm sure she's somewhere right now with like the most luscious curtain bangs absolutely slaying. And she deserves that. just doing my brows and I like brush them upwards because Not the razor. What I do is I do this. Oh my god. Oh my god. That's not a good mistake to make. You're going to have to color in your eyebrows for the next few weeks, but it'll grow back. So, I'm going to go ahead and mark off like where are the brain cells because clearly in that video there were not many. And we've been there. We've all been there. Why would you do that? No. Megan, why would you do that? I love that I'm judging her so hard, but in my fidget video I did the exact same thing. Hello, am I dying? When your makeup starts separating. It looked fine to me, but maybe she was like filming in TikTok with a filter or something. I don't know. It didn't It didn't read on my side of the camera. Her makeup looked glowing and flawless, but I get when you're looking at it up close you're like, wait, the crust has infected me. It has to go. We have to wipe it and start fresh. Should never have got my lips done. Oh Jesus. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh. This has got to be like an allergic reaction or something, right? Holy crap, you guys. Don't get your lips done because you don't want to look like that. She low-key be looking like that girl from Monsters Inc. What's her name? Yes. She looks like this queen. Actually identical. Makeup getting ready in bathroom light versus natural light. Oh girl. Yeah, I I be feeling so fierce in that bathroom lighting. And then you walk outside and you can see every pore on your face. Natural lighting really does like reveal all of the flaws in your makeup routine. When I be getting ready like near a window, I look more snatched than when I be getting ready like in the bathroom or with a ring light. Because I feel like the ring light just like snatches you up by default. You know what I mean? Versus if I was in natural lighting right now, it would definitely be a different story. Okay, she's doing like a little lip pop. I've seen this one before, I think. Right, what are we doing? That There's no way that works on anyone. I'm pretty sure I've done it. I don't stand by that. When we first figured out what translucent powder was. Oh, no, not the flashback Mary. I've definitely had photos like that. If you get cheap translucent powder, never use the flash with it. You will look scary. This is why I can't have nice things. Oh, no, she was trying to do the little Addison Rae lip gloss moment. Yeah, I would say that almost didn't work at all. How's your day going? Me. Oh, she spilled matcha all over herself. I hate that. I hate that. When everything that could have went wrong went wrong. Oh, she spilled powder Oh my god, I'm going to go ahead and mark off the girls that are clumsy. Because back-to-back spilling stuff is kind of crazy. But honestly, me, I spill stuff constantly, all the time. And with that, we got a bingo. Thanks for watching and watch another video. YouTube thinks you'll like this one. Like, share, subscribe, and until next time, bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @subscribeApril [1 likes]: i am likeing everyones  comments soz if i did not like yours +hi boots
  2. @PhoebeMcIntire [1 likes]: HI BOOOTTTSSS UR SOOO CUTEEE 😻😻😻
  3. @susanmartin3762 [1 likes]: I love Boots! He's HUGE!❤
  4. @Pur-fect-paws: 3:40 hiii boots 😃😃😃
  5. @lindelld9442: the hair tey in the dacrond
  6. @LiviaKristin: Hi boots
  7. @jazbathali1875: CUTE
  8. @samanthasaylor9534: Her. Why is boots putting his but in the camera again 
Me. Heeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaa
  9. @AnnabelleTheRobloxian: Slay
  10. @BrittanyFoisy: HIII BOOTS
  11. @lexiengel6262: 7:28  I have rakels by myself
  12. @pamelamagarisca8971: 🐱🐱
  13. @Tiny_Animates: 5:17 I know why it did that! So the other night I was sooooo tired and I forgot to wash off my concealer or wipe it off and the next day I cleaned it off and put on new concealer and it happened so I think there might be old makeup on her that she either forgot to wipe off or she did but it didn’t work. 😅
  14. @Eli-p1i8w: 10:09 it can happen because of manufacturing errors,but mostly from pressure buildup in the bottle if the Aquaphor was black in the hot car car warm bathroom it can create pressure inside the bottle as it heats. It could also be because the tube was squeezed or packaged too tightly, which can force the contents to trap air inside which then expands when the cap is removed. This can also happen if you travel by airplane before using it.
  15. @susanmartin3762: 5:01  ok.. that's it. I'm done watching your video. This is 2 times you're seeing shit that NOBODY ELSE can see and then commenting on it. What the hell was 'crusty " about this chick's makeup? We see NOTHING WRONG! Bye.
  16. @susanmartin3762: 3:47 Where did you see gray? I didn't see ANYTHING grey..🤔
  17. @susanmartin3762: I love how messy your bedroom behind you. And your cool round  hanging chair is covered with clothes! 😅😅Is that all  REAL? Or is it just a green screen made to LOOK like a real messy room? Whatever it is, it works! 😅
  18. @elizabethrizea1749: Don’t no how to spell the word sry
  19. @elizabethrizea1749: Hi bots
  20. @elliecole8092: Had to thumbs up coz you said butthole.😂😂😂

- Memes No Copyright Free to use on YouTube videos.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] stop it get some help what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you can do it [Applause] nice oh my god no god please no no no no boy why are you running why are you running wait for it here it comes almost there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sugey-ic6qd [2 likes]: 0:01 0:02 0:05 0:06 0:07 0:09 0:10 0:11 0:18 0:24 0:26 0:28 0:30 0:31 0:32 0:33 0:35 0:38 0:50
  2. @FunnyHub-002 [1 likes]: 😂😂😂😂❤
  3. @Pangokaboom9268: 0:06 DAAAMMMN!
  4. @NurgazyMamatov-s4j: 😂
  5. @babyborreta1193: I like the meme OOOOHHHH!!!!!!
  6. @GoatedBambi: wait how can you get all of the memes
  7. @liloandstitch-j2f: 0:30 when doc mcstuffins comes on
  8. @liloandstitch-j2f: 0:25 when I finally get the original paramount dvd realeses of rugrats run riot and rugrats mysteries
  9. @Slayer-u3z: Link?
  10. @vashantimcknight: 0:06
  11. @IceSkillch: i found diamond
  12. @bambam-11y: What's ur biggest challenge on YouTube right now??
  13. @DarkProductions2026: YouTube now: nah we see that these memes are copyright free let's ruin it for them
  14. @aadhaariyer: Nico Nico Nii
  15. @pacmonster87: 0:46 😂 the one right after it was perfect timing for me 😂😂😂
  16. @hdgjfhdjdjd: 0:38
  17. @Americanamaya: Can I still use this without copyright claims in 2026?😲
  18. @SilyGooseTv: Is this copyright?
  19. @BujangMinang-w4h: What wtf
Nice
Oh my god
No god please
Aaaaahhhhhh
Spiderman
  20. @IaraSousa-e2z4k: 0:06 Ueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee , 0:23 Nise and 0:03 WRAT WTH

- Cake Artist Reacts to Viral Cake Videos: Kind: captions Language: en this cake makes me nervous this cake is really impressive and this cake is a little weird and today I'm going to react to viral cake videos these cakes are viral for a reason let's check out the First cake oh we're starting out nasty it's cool it's just you know kind of gross too it shows the layers of skin and then there's hair and some zits I really hope that you can pop those [Music] Zs oh it's so gross it's going down the side no that was that was pretty gross I'm a little nauseous I don't know if I want to see the next cake now what do we have here oh we got some piping some Ruffles this is going to be pretty I can already tell now she's using a pallet knife looks like she's making flowers yeah that's definitely flowers oh it's so pretty look at how cool that is you know what after that skin it situation that we had I'm I'm very happy to see this this is gorgeous that is so pretty I want to see it in person it just gets prettier it's even prettier now with all those colors I love it most of my cakes aren't pretty so I appreciate a really pretty cake really came together I liked it right when she put that first flower on now it's like absolutely gorgeous I'm want to I want I got to do a pretty cake these videos are really inspiring okay so she's claiming that this is a cake fail so far things look pretty good though ah it started to crack okay I get it I get it so sometimes when you make a sculpted cake you place the cake in and you start to layer it and the weight of the cake can start to settle and that's when things start to separate you can get cracks working with cake is hard it's no joke oh it really fell apart oh it's so sad because you put all that effort into it and then when it starts to fall apart I've been there oh it hurts she started over she baked a brand new cake and you know what an she found a way to make it work it looks really really good that was probably really stressful but she ended up with a really nice cake at the end of it and I'm sure the customer loved it I get really excited when people don't give up and they find a way when the groom doesn't understand the assignment all right so now they cut the piece and he's taking a bite he just took a bite he's like oh we cut a piece of cake let's eat she really wanted him to feed her the cake like it's definitely a traditional way to eat the wedding cake I defin Ely don't think that was intentional like he wasn't trying to be a jerk he was just kind of like oh we cut the cake now we eat it that actually ended up being kind of cute though I kind of like that moment better than if he actually fed it to her oh I can already see that this isn't looking good the cake is leaning to the left I hope it stays together this is like a cak maker's worst nightmare it's tilting no ow no that's so sad oh they were laughing at least they were laughing this is seriously I've had nightmares about this I'm glad that the bride and groom were laughing though cuz they they were good sports I have a feeling whoever made that cake really learned something that day they're never going to make that mistake again all right looks like we've got a cake here she's stacking it pink fondant looks to be fondant okay it looks like we're making a is this Barbie I don't think this is Barbie I don't know I can't tell ah it's Princess Peach oh I knew it was familiar oh I'm excited to see this look at that face it already looks awesome oh my goodness look how gorgeous that cake is that was that was amazing you know what I love about this cake not only does it look just like her but it it's just like it's so clean that's some Talent that's a talented cake artist oh I know what this is this is called a burnway cake the top layer is actually made of wafer paper so when you put a little bit of flame on there it starts to burn away and reveal something underneath in this case we're starting with Charmander oh he's evolving here's a third layer cool I've actually only seen him with two layers that was three layers of burning I feel like everybody would love this cake Charmander to Charizard you know it' be cool the evolution of a human for their birthday maybe I don't know oh okay so I know that it looks bad it looks like she just kind of like tipped the cake over and it was like why would you do that I'm sure she's asking herself that but you can tell that she's an experienced cake decorator as an experienced cake decorator sometimes you get a little comfortable but I think she got a little too comfortable she'll be able to fix this one excellent job oh they're doing a gender reveal so they press the glass and then they see what color it is oh he is so excited that is such a sweet reaction what a cute fa family all right we have another Cut the Cake with a wine glass I think it's a gender reveal it's just vanilla cake you know I worked at a bakery and we would make gender reveal cakes and I remember all of us just being slightly panicked about it I bet they just iced the outside of the cake blue and it was supposed to be the inside I wonder if they had a boy I don't know that I'll ever know someone really needs to tell me that just because I watched a video on Tik Tok does not mean that I can do DIY I've been there not with cake but with other things oh I'm going to build this dresser I can do this and then it's like no so she stacked the cake that looked fine but when it comes to the buttercream it can be tricky icing a cake is really really hard it's really hard to learn how to like Smooth out butter cream she's trying to smooth it on but it's just like picking up the crumbs and kind of ripping the cake up it's very common something that would have helped is if she put it in the fridge because a chilled cake is a lot easier to ice than a warm cake she's not giving up she's trying so she's adding some little trees she's got some crushed up cookies around the edge looks like dirt nice putting that cake topper on top you know I appreciate that she's still going she's still doing it she didn't get frustrated and give up you know for a dinosaur themed cake it being messy I don't even really mind it like I'm glad that she still finished the cake I I think it looks cute oh her son's going to look at the cake they eyebrow raise love it I love it he said he loves it what a sweet boy oh good cake good cake oh oh did they save it did they save that cake that was so close to falling over that would have been sad I don't know if the bride and groom would have been laughing at that one W I don't know what's oh wow I've never seen that before it looked like there was like something underneath it it was so well hidden you couldn't even tell I can't believe I haven't seen that before oh that's a bummer so what happened here is usually you have a support that goes through the cake the bottom and the top tier it's like a wooden dowel or a plastic dowel and I think that she may have cut it a little too long you got to make sure that it's shorter than the cake or going to pop out the top that's a bummer she can fix it though well that's a bummer I made this reaction video because I am pregnant and I just needed a little bit of a break making hyperrealistic cakes can be a lot of work I'm getting real close to being done with this pregnancy if you like this video I'll do more or let me know if there's any other styles of videos that you want me to try out I'm down I had a lot of fun with this and I'll see you next week for another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @masonbgmfdb [9 likes]: Any one here in2025🎉
  2. @SaraPower-o9d [1 likes]: Way to start of with an " awesome" skin one😂😂😂
  3. @MirandaHaf-t8k: The princess peach one looks like the real one from the actual movie. That’s one that I love so far.
  4. @MirandaHaf-t8k: I love some of the cakes and some of them are a little nasty🎂☺️ and I love your videos, even if they’re not cake videos I still love them
  5. @amygosnell9065: You know that the evolution of humans isn’t real right? We never started off as monkeys. God created us complete human from the very beginning.
  6. @amygosnell9065: Have you decided on the name for the baby and if you have will you please tell us unless you would prefer to keep it private if you do then I understand.
  7. @AmayaDcruz: Congrats ❤❤❤
  8. @johnalycecarls2139: Can you make a cake of a blt sandwich
  9. @lovedouyouduo: I have been wondering if you had your baby yet love your making realistic cake video
  10. @Rheawhite15: did you get a girl or a by
  11. @Rheawhite15: so pretty
  12. @shelbeyhendrickx4963: How did you have the first idea of making cakes?
  13. @tabbyg8862: May I share this with you, if you don't mind?
God says in His Word in Ephesians 2:8-9 KJV For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: not of works, lest any man should boast.

I hope you already know Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour, but if you don't know Him, you can know Him today!

Jesus suffered, bled, and died to pay for your sins and mine, out of love for us! 

Salvation is in faith: you must first realize that you are a lost sinner and will die and burn in hell for all eternity without Jesus Christ.

Once you see yourself, all you need to do is go to God in prayer, sincerely repent of your sins, and put your faith in Jesus Christ: believe with all your heart that His blood will cover all your sins and save you from hell. Ask Him to save your soul from hell, with all faith and all sincerity. 

If you have never gone in prayer to God: repented of your sins and put your faith in Jesus, now is the time, my friend.
  14. @mareeshsahay263: The 2 and 3 are so beautiful ❤❤
  15. @mareeshsahay263: Omg 😂😂😂😂😂That’s so gross🤮
  16. @lizakamomboyd6965: Yes😂
  17. @AdamAdam-l5f5h: congratulation i am so happy ahhhh
  18. @NaseemGhazi-j9w: You are my favorite youtuber
  19. @Bigo_Tbone: Is it a girl or is it a boy you’re a baby or do you not know yet
  20. @rhiannonmealey1078: You are such a great person and YouTuber❤

- Genius YouTube Advice for 15 Minutes Straight...: Kind: captions Language: en here's some amazing YouTube advice from 10 very successful YouTubers let's get into number one any of you listening if if you especially if you have zero videos on your channel your first video is not going to give views period it's not your first 10 are not gonna give views I can very confidently say that so stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading like all you need to do is this applies to people that have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make 100 videos and improve something every time do that and then on your 100 first video we'll start talking like maybe you can get some views but you know your first hundred okay there are very free cases like Liza koshy or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them so as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making the NBA like yes there are free cases you can find but for the average person like us you know who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know backgrounds in filmmaking just make 100 videos improve something each time and then talk to me on your 101st video well do you prove something is times tricky one how do you improve something each time the second one just I don't know put more effort into the script the third one try to learn a new editing trick the fourth one try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice the fifth one try to you know study a new thumbnail tip and implement it the sixth one try to figure out a new title there's infinite ways that's the beauty of content creation online there's literally infinite ways from the coloring to the frame rate to the editing to the filming to the production to the jokes to the pacing to every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved there's no there's literally no such thing as a perfect video don't really worry about what your Niche is like people get hung up on this like I don't know what to make videos about it would be like a writer saying I don't know what to write about therefore I'm not going to write or like an artist saying I don't know what my masterpiece is going to be therefore I'm not going to hold a paintbrush it's totally okay for your Niche to emerge over time yes you can take a very calculating route and plot it out in advance and be like okay this is my path or you can do what I recommend which is just start making videos on YouTube about whatever you enjoy whatever you want if I was starting on YouTube I wouldn't really worry about the niche thing I just think you know what let me make videos about the things that I enjoy maybe some close-up magic because I'm not a total loser maybe like iPhones maybe like you know my favorite pen maybe like you know tips are getting started on YouTube maybe Life as a medical student maybe like whatever experiences in my life that I enjoy talking about and that I think I could teach on the internet that is the stuff I would start making videos about and over time as you start making videos about things that you enjoy the audience starts to resonate with some of those things and so your Niche ends up emerging over time I never thought I would be a productivity YouTuber but I seem to have become a productivity YouTuber because that Niche just sort of emerged over time it was not forward planned in advance and so if you've got a lot of interest if you've got a lot of things you're interested in or even if you don't know what to talk about on YouTube just start making stuff and you will figure it out don't be one of those writers who says I don't know what my bestseller book is going to be about therefore I'm not going to write a single word it's the same with YouTube who cares if you don't know what your Niche is your Niche can your Niche will change over time I started off making videos for medical school applicants I now no longer care about medical school applicants in terms of making video is and therefore it's it just sort of changes over time so don't worry about it don't overthink it just make the videos that you enjoy at start the wrongest call to action is to watch another video because now all of a sudden your channel went from like say eight minutes of watch time to 16 minutes of watch time if they watch another one and it shows that this person is in your little Watch Web it also gives you another ad impression like that is the metric that YouTube cares about sure you could ask them to comment you can ask them to like that's totally fine but watching another video exposes them to more of your content and shows YouTube I am a channel that keeps people on this platform for 16 minutes rather than just eight minutes yep that's incredibly well and for everyone listening to call to actions it sounds like one in the first third that may be the like you don't want to ask me to watch another video and leave your correct charm one yes an outro just to clarify is watch another correct yes as opposed to decision fatigue up like watch comment pick that subscribe yeah people don't do any of those it's it's a meaningless call to action Patty Galloway was talking about the ideas of your video and then he's also talking about the titles when it comes to ideas and this is something we do I just don't think we've talked about it enough no for sure he said to think of 100 ideas bring it down to the top 10 and then choose one he goes I can't believe when people think of one video idea and they just go and make it keep in mind these were like Mr Beast he's working with people who require a like killer video idea the point is ideas matter so much on YouTube start with volume and then work your way in the best ones you know transitioning from a video idea to actually landing on a title when Patty was talking about titles it's just crazy how just the reframing of the right title will cause so much interest and his word was curiosity he gave a really cool example he was working with a client in the first variation of the title was inside a 1.7 million dollar New York Loft they didn't really love it and it wasn't there was nothing really interesting about it except the money value but there's probably more expensive ones or whatever right so then they they change it to I found the best loss left in New York and they liked it better they thought it improved and then they added one more thing to it which was I found the best Loft in NYC dot dot dot but nobody wants it and they were like that's the title they opened up this curiosity Loop if it's the best Loft in New York City why does nobody want it how can you breed curiosity into that because naturally you want to click on something that Sparks curiosity you want to know the answer and so you want to click on that video on that note of like deciding what videos to make how much are you good how much does it play on your mind of oh I know if I make this sort of video it'll get this this many views versus more like I feel like making this video because I feel like it and sort of that to me that's always felt like a bit of a spectrum of like doing things because I feel like it versus doing things because I know they'll perform well um how how do you think about sort of videos along along that Spectrum yeah so I think this is super lucky that the videos that I know will do well are the most interesting to me also because they're about probably a piece of tech that is so cool that I want to check it out anyway right so on one half it's like what videos will do well it's uh the the hottest gadgets the most impressive new things that people haven't seen before uh collaborations with really cool interesting people those I I know before we make them are like oh those are going to do pretty well and then on the other half is what do I want to do and sometimes it's well I want to check out this gadget this seems pretty cool well I kind of want to talk to this person they seem really interesting to talk to and suddenly like they're like meshing together and it's kind of the same pool of things so often um again it's like I don't have that much pressure to to like I don't really I'm not interested I'm not into this video but I'm gonna do it anyway because I know what it'll get a lot of views that doesn't happen too often for me because if I know it's going to get a lot of views why is that going to get a lot of views because it's a really interesting piece of tech oh okay so I'm in and has that always been your attitude or was that a thing that changed over time I think that's something I figured out over time I know that there are videos that I make that aren't going to blow up like the ones that are the most popular gadgets but I still want to share them because I still think they're cool and I think if I can make the video in a way that actually shows why I'm so interested in it then it will eventually be interesting to people and we'll catch on so I think that's something I sort of learned probably in the second half of making videos which is that yeah we can we can sort of justify pretty much any video we want to make hey I'd like to take a moment to talk about the sponsor of this video podcast whether you want to do a solo podcast or have all of your friends on podcast allows you to have up to 10 remote guests at a time one of the coolest Parts about this is that each person is going to be recorded locally on separate tracks and it's really easy for bringing guests on because they don't even need a podcast or account you just need to send them their link and then they can come onto your Show podcast even has a mobile app which makes it really easy for recording and exporting your content on the go they truly make it as simple as possible to produce your podcast thank you so much podcast though for sponsoring this video is there ever a point where it's like there's too much content I can't watch at all I think so and that's why sometimes you don't create even more content is not necessarily a bad thing because somebody might skip a day and if they watch your video today and they didn't watch yesterday they'll be like oh I go back she had one yesterday so let me go back and watch that I mean I think it's really just about like focusing on what your audience is sometimes you might not know what your audience is but just listen to them I mean I'm very quickly able to tell if somebody likes a video or they don't like a video in the comments but I think the most painful comments is if the ones where people are like man you know I usually really like your videos but this one wasn't my favorite I'm like oh shoot bird will you ever delete the videos no I mean I've definitely set some to private um mostly because it was just like announcement videos it's like you don't want it up there yeah it's like hey it comes over yeah come meet me here well that was like a week ago right okay even small YouTube channels can lead to Big opportunities one of the things that people make a mistake of is they're too focused on vanity metrics and so we think and we have mistakenly defined success on YouTube as you got to get a silver play button you got to get a gold play button it's about getting as mil as many views as possible and I believe that's a flawed definition of success views or subscribers are not the only metrics for Success one of the underappreciated benefits of starting a YouTube channel is the connections and communities that you build with your audience YouTube allows you to build an a loyal and engaged following which can lead to opportunities for monetization other forms of income collaborations and even career opportunities so the mistake people are making is they're like is it too late to start a YouTube channel it's like what do you even mean like is it too late to start a viral YouTube channel why do you even need to go viral what if you have a different business model what if you get a promotion at your job what if it leads to that next connection or that next partner whatever leads to your future spouse like there's a lot of opportunities that could come from starting a YouTube channel and so you know I just want to present you the data that possibly defining it just by subscribers or vanity metrics is a limited if not completely flawed definition of success and speaking of starting a new channel or if your channel is small if you haven't heard we actually are doing a five-day free YouTube challenge and so if you go to tube1kchallenge.com for the new year if you're interested in saying Sean I do see the opportunity on YouTube I would like to learn some of the best tips and strategies you can go to tube number 1K the letter K challenge.com right now if you want to jump start your views right now and maybe you're not getting the momentum or the growth that you want is jump on Trends within your Niche can you talk about how that completely changed everything to you and what your thoughts are when it comes to people jumping on Trends and what are your tips yeah I think doesn't he call that a trend hacking yeah for sure yeah that's everything right now that's what Mr Beast and from the biggest to the smallest that is one of the best ways to Garner views and the audience and uh following the subscribers and sessions so um for me it's kind of funny I know if I have a gadget a tech product that is maybe about to be released if I get maybe a pre-release review unit then it's almost like four certain okay well people are going to be searching about it and talking about it right on that release date and so that video will do well now of course um you don't always get that product early that's very that's very hard especially when you're first starting out so maybe if that product just releases and I can maybe go buy it and then quick in a couple days turn around the video that will often do well another thing is a scene that wave or that Trend uh the virality of something before it hits I was on that wave right before it started to take off and that's why I think um I made it just a well condensed little review of video on hoverboards and uh and then YouTube really liked it it's like okay this is the authority on hoverboards and so when all these millions of people are searching for hoverboards and how to buy one and stuff like that I was the one that they promoted and so uh there's a lot of it's easier said than done but trying to stay ahead of the curve on what that next trend is going to be and then uh riding that wave and then you gotta remember that that wave will finish it'll crash down and then you gotta paddle back out and then find the next one nothing uh survives forever so I see a lot of people even myself hoverboards they were hot for a little while and then they faded away and it's like okay if I only did hoverboard reviews my channel would be dead but I had to Pivot and I like all things Tech anyway so that was kind of a natural fit but uh but yet always looking for that next wave is really key so what's the secret to creating a good short a lot of b-rolls everything that I stayed I have a b-roll like and then the doctor came in with this interesting device and I showed the device so every phrase has to be supported by footage that shows what's going on and the more relevant the footage is the better it is for the video they have to be as relevant as possible because sometimes we go to Shutterstock I like we're talking about oh a lot of students in the US and then we have these faces that we've seen everywhere like plastic acting you know I don't know they'll like you see they're not relatable because they're actors and the production quality is amazing but this is not what works for shorts something that's raw something that is filmed with an iPhone maybe worse quality this is what people are looking for in that type of content we experimented a lot with repurposed videos from YouTube you can just tell that this video was not made for shorts and you're like why should I bother if the Creator didn't bother creating a short specific video and we noticed that once I switched to creating content specifically for short videos that the traction has been tremendous there's such a tendency especially in a world where able to count your views in real time that if it doesn't work today it's never going to work and you know like I talked to Jimmy Mr Beast about this a lot like I spent whatever seven years making videos before he had one that broke a thousand views or something extraordinary like that and now he's doing a billion views a month um or my brother van who's the most brilliant mind on all of YouTube and you know van had this initial explosion of interest because he and I worked so hard to promote his first you know his first videos and then I explained to him I was like look it's all going to go away you're going to find your Baseline then you're gonna build from there and he's been consistently uploading for a year making the best work he can make and now he's really building out what is going to be a successful long-term career making videos and putting them on the Internet yeah it's extremely unsexy it's extremely uninteresting and no one wants to hear that it takes time but it takes time and I think if uh it's something that especially if you're young and just getting into this you don't want to invest but patience is really the most undervalued um aspect of succeeding in the world of media today you have all the agency in the world you don't need anything from anyone but if you're not willing to commit the time to it you're never going to find that success 100 if you want to learn how to grow a YouTube channel this year then click on the screen and watch this video and I'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [31 likes]: 🔥 Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉  https://geni.us/zBYxN
  2. @Daniel_art-i9h [1 likes]: I will never give up
  3. @KishTalksCredit [1 likes]: This video is gold, thank you!
  4. @sumotriangle [1 likes]: Best advice compilations
  5. @makiomototv [1 likes]: Everyone who is reading this comment, I hope your channel grows this year and you get monetized. This video motivated me to start a youtube channel!
  6. @rhyme_asmr [1 likes]: 100likes, and I'll ask my friend go to date😢
  7. @GenXStuff: Yep, stuck, brand new.... and needed to see and hear all of this.  Thank you for the time you took to make this video for me. Needed it.
  8. @ABC_Beats-d8s: Thanks for the advice, I'm getting motivated over this.
  9. @BrookeYt-u3t: All small creators gather here
  10. @AshikAli-md2ci: how to improve memory and focus
  11. @TheHealingHand22: Thanks for sharing!!!
  12. @中村美桜-u7v: My confusion just rage quit.
  13. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  14. @EnglishUnlocked-l5n: I only have a few subscribers 😢
  15. @Joe_AmazingSlots: Just started my YouTube channel. I am going to post until my dreams come true.
  16. @teegaming121: THE GRIND DONT STOP!!!
  17. @josephinesuji5900: That is exactly what I am doing. I am now on the 380th video and still hoping. They are however mostly very short videos
  18. @Trading4Newbies: Alot of knowledge 💯 👌
  19. @ClassicComedyRewind: As a new channel this video helped me.  Thank you.
  20. @Verde_Vlogs: My goal is to reach 100k subscribers and this video truly helps.

- I made a secret YouTube channel to prove it's not luck: Kind: captions Language: en is success on youtube mostly luck or is it mostly skill people always ask me ludwig if you had to start your channel over what would you do i think they're mostly asking so they can just do that and hopefully get successful but i was kind of wondering what would i do how would i get successful if i couldn't use my face my voice or any of my current following would i stick with 10 viewers when i get to 100 when i get thousands of views i don't know so i've made a brand new channel and today i'm gonna find out if youtube is mostly based on luck or mostly based on skill i even called up a good friend of mine to see what his thoughts on this theory was and i think he knows like a thing or two about youtube like he's on his way to success there hey siri call jimmy beast yo jimmy what up dog i have a question for you i'm trying to do a youtube video and then the premise of the youtube video is starting a brand new channel from scratch and trying to see if i can get views without my current name or branding at all okay and i was wondering how much of youtube you think is luck versus skill um it's 99 skill you you if you knew what you were doing you could do that 100 all right so if mr beast thinks it's 99 skill and not that luck based then i should be able to get some amount of success so i'm going to set a challenge i'm going to give myself 24 hours to get at least 1 000 views it's not hundreds of thousands and it's not millions but i'm limited in what assets i can use i can't use my own face and i can't use my own voice but i still think i can get a thousand views in less than a day and you know what if i don't i'll delete my main channel that's how confident i am so here's what i did i wrote out a script of a video that i thought would be pretty good it's kind of like a video essay but it's on twitch streamers specifically my good friend ms kiff and then i hired someone on fiverr to read out the exact script all right here's the script i wrote out it's called how a door made this man one million dollars and then i recorded myself the pandemic will be remembered as a time of economic despair mental isolation and further polarization of the political parties in america why do i sound like a journalist i sound like a news anchor but i don't wanna have myself read it because people know what my voice sounds like so that's not really gonna fly so instead what i did is i hired someone on fiverr in total this cost me 131 dollars the reason for that was mostly because i needed the rights to use it in my own youtube video for commercial reasons which is super fair and a really good thing that the fiverr artist put in so you know i have no problem with that at all but it should be free for you guys at home and then i hired an editor and this also is not something you have to do at home you could just you know get editing tools some costs money but even those ones you could get if you know exactly where to get it and then edit yourself i didn't do this because you know i'm still i'm doing this on the side it's like a fun little project but here's what the final video looks like the largest streaming platform twitch has over doubled their monthly average viewers according to twitch tracker the pandemic creates looks pretty good i'm really happy with how the video turned out and now here's my plan so i've made this video it's like a three minute 45 second video essay on specifically ms kiff and the reason i did it on miscgive is one because i think i have a decent amount of knowledge on this so i'm speaking as an authority writing but also i know one thing about streamers and it's the same thing that got me to sell merch by using tts before they have huge inflated egos so if i have this video uploaded and somehow get miz kip to click on the video he'll probably watch it so that's my plan right now and if i can get miz kif to watch us on stream in front of about 45 000 people well i think that's a win but also a lot of them will click on it and i think there's a chance that this video might get a decent amount of views so let's create the channel what do i want to call it what's like something that would be twitch friendly that other because i want people who are on twitch to come over but not too on the nose like history of twitch who's the one that goes why fifty percent of people live south of this line canada what is that video real life lore what if i just call it online lore i kind of like online lore so let's let's get a profile picture for online lore loading screen game like if it's called online lore and then it's a loading screen that's kind of a good idea i kind of like this but just the center of it all right let's make that the logo so we'll do this one but then we'll make it small enough nice that looks amazing i also need a banner image that's like a really cute banner so let's just make that the banner all right let's publish so here's what the channel looks like now online lore it has this little logo has the loading thing i really like how it's looking branding wise but now we need to upload our video so let me get that pulled up one quick key by the way if you guys are ever uploading videos they'll use whatever you the video's file name is for the algorithm in some ways so basically like as a keyword finder for the search engine if you have some of the keywords inside of the file name as you're uploading it i believe that youtube will use that information all right let's upload it ms kif twitch streamer and the actual title for this is i think i had one how adore made this streamer one million dollars so now the only thing i have to worry about is the title and the thumbnail i think the title how a door made this streamer one million dollars is pretty catchy it doesn't need to have miss kip's name in it because a streamer touches more people like even though miss gives a big streamer most people who know about streaming don't know who mischief is even with how big he is and if you do know who ms kiff is you'll see him in the thumbnail so you'll click it anyway i hope you enjoyed watching if you liked the video it'd mean the world if you subscribed or shared it with a friend all right let's just do that keep it simple that's all good that's all good we'll start it out private and then we'll hit save so now what we need to do is we need to make a thumbnail so i want a picture of miz kiff but with the door in focus ms kif door also wait you know what i could use is his youtube channel has the intro that he uses every time hey ooh i like this one a lot actually okay here's a quick tip for you as well you can get an extension that helps you screenshot youtube you get the extension then you hit the screenshot button and then we'll just save that as mskiffroom as if i'm organized that's all for show and then look no player very cool i like this image a lot though okay so let's i need the full door in it because the door is key all right that's that's really good now let's get the actual door isolated now we have just the door we can add a drop shadow yeah i think it looks a lot better uh and maybe we just cut out the bottom of the couch and now the door is completely center of the thumbnail i kind of like that that seems pretty good the door seems kind of narrow though right is it crazy to just literally widen it artificially and then let's get a picture of miz kiff and now the best way to get a thumbnail picture of someone is to just go to their youtube these creators literally upload hd pictures of themselves constantly and you can just take them now not with pink eye that's a little absurd this one's pretty fine all right and then you just go quit staring at my boxes only 50 percent of you guys subscribe to the channel okay you go thumbnail downloader sorry for starting out your boxes mizzy and then we can just yoink that put it here i'm no means an expert so they're probably quicker ways to do everything i'm doing it's just what i'm comfortable with doing and i can do it at a decent pace so for example right now i need to isolate just his head there's like eight different ways to do this i'm pretty happy with the way that i do this it leaves with pretty clean lines like the content aware one has kind of messy lines which i don't like and it also works pretty fast there we go i'm pretty happy with that i think that looks pretty good i think the door doesn't stand out enough though the door's just a bit small i think okay maybe i get rid of the stroke but i have an arrow for some reason the arrow makes it just more visible and i don't like the red stroke around the door i'm gonna go with the arrow and then let's cap off the thumbnail let's title it miss kif thumbo final classic youtube rule always title it final and then let's go to the channel here's the video let's change the thumbnail yeah i think that's pretty good i kind of i think this is really catchy i like it a lot i'm just gonna publish it now again this channel has literally uh zero viewers zero subscribers how a door made the streamer one million dollars so i think the first thing to do is go to mizkiff's reddit again the goal is to hit about a thousand views and i think miz kif watching this video is a good start oh mega lol mizzy carried by a door that's like a good click bait title let's just post it see how that does the other option is to make a new account on twitch and then spam it in chat because i think anyone can post links if you're a sub i'll just do that and then viewers will click on it they'll like the video and then hopefully they'll send them the video so let's maybe make a new account turbo world news all right i think my game plan is i'm going to shower i'm going to come back and then hopefully they're done with this and then hopefully by then i can link the video and they can watch it so that's my current game plan he's got no content now i'm grip i'm gripping the donut he's watching emmy record me yeah all right i'm grabbing it i hope this works otherwise such a waste of 50 bucks okay well it's got 50 bucks i totally called you the biggest streamer in the world easy bait how a door made the streamer a million dollars okay he's hooked he's hooked he's hooked oh yes this is going to stroke my ego the power yes we'll be remembered as a time let's go let's go in america or is this gonna show a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dick let's find out unless you are a streamer the largest streaming platform twitch has over doubled their money change viewers according to twitch yeah and people say twitch is dying and everyone's going to youtube and blah blah blah miss this to that and then when we double our viewership in one year eat my ass chat there is a great mystery on what it takes to be one of the biggest streamers in the world some rise to the top with their world-class gaming skills others have developed well thought out unique content that rivals cable television and then there's miss kiff hi he isn't particularly good at games and sometimes all he does is watch other people's content on his stream but [Laughter] he is a top 50 streamer in the world easily making over 1 million every year the reason the door standing right behind him it shouldn't come as a surprise that cable television is a hook since 2015 20 of americans have dropped the service according to a survey by the pew research center but that doesn't remove the influence of cable television shows look no further than streamers emulating or straight ripping off popular game shows for a younger twitch audience but miss kiff has taken something from sitcoms that make shows like seinfeld friends and happy days american staples the sitcom entrance when fan favorite characters walk through one of these three doors american audiences would go wild if you replace the studio audience with a twitch chat miss kiff is doing the same thing dude we need a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh we need a clap track or whatever this is good this is good it's good this is good has an open door policy meaning anyone cannot know his money's house but walk right into his stream room while he's live the door is more center frame than miss kiff this has led to new and familiar faces walking through that door with chat able to immediately react to who showed up i thought that was calories is a staple of growth for any youtuber or streamer but the mystery of who will show up while this give is live is what keeps the viewers excited bro imagine train just walk through my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] door that would be a dream that'd be so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny excited about the content and although a lot of credit is deserved for the 36 by 80 star miss kiff is also ready to deal with whoever walks through that door he takes an inherent risk not being able to control who shows up and even the most disgraced streamers have walked through that door and rehabilitated their image to the point where chat begs for them to come back mischief is one of the fastest growing streamers on the platform and has catapulted himself from ice poseidon's cameraman to one of the biggest creators in the world all thanks to a door all right here's how i get views now thanks for watching this video if you enjoyed make sure to subscribe so i know to keep making you don't even you don't even have other videos dude give me 50 bucks you know what you're doing look i'll post it once let's go yeah that was big i liked it oh and it's getting blown up in the goddamn i have an open door policy for one reason because i have no content on my own that's everything i wanted all right now the question is will people on check click on it oh holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no look at the likes 225 likes the goal was a thousand views we're already at 260. i'm curious now if people click on it the positive reception if i get good watch through oh look at this i know holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is insane wait it's crazy dude everyone was so nice i know cause it was just good content which is one of the key takeaways it was actually good content and it was three minutes and 48 seconds if this was like a 15 minute video ms kif would have clicked out probably four minutes in he would have stopped farming jokes been like i'm tired of this and then he would have moved on so uh luckily it kept it short kept it sweet i'm curious how this will do in a week look at this it's gonna hit a thousand almost within the first few minutes it's been about four days since i uploaded this video i spent about six hundred dollars to make it with the editor the voice over guy and then the marketing efforts and here's how it's doing currently the video is sitting at about 11 000 views the channel is at about 1 000 subscribers and you can check right now this isn't all views from like direct clicking you know those are the views that i quote unquote paid for right that's the views that i got miss gift to click it and then everyone from misskiv's chat went to watch it but the key to all youtube success is views under this category that means algorithm views and 30 of all the views in this video are from the algorithm 3.5 000 which is huge that's a big number and this although it doesn't look that good 43 viewer retention it's not that bad if the line is flat that means people who figured out what this video is about and you know the people who didn't click out immediately liked the video they set almost all the way through it obviously there's a huge drop off because a lot of these people watched it with ms kif and then immediately left or the panda whatever it was jesus christ man come on you're british i get it but let me do my thing really good stats all around i'm really happy with it honestly after this video goes out i'm sure it'll blow up a lot more i think this video will end up with 100k views so it kind of got a little out of hand but i really believe in this video i really believe in the process that made this video and i'm really happy with how it turned out it's not millions it's not enough to go full time but it's a start and it's better than 95 of youtube videos uploaded and all it came down to was good content good thumbnailing good titling and also admittedly a smart way to get it in front of people who are interested in this type of content this could feasibly be done by anyone with just fifty dollars i mean maybe less if you go for a little smaller streamer who pays attention to his donations a little more mischief come on i hope this was cool and i hope you guys enjoyed the video again if you guys did please make sure to subscribe to this channel maybe i'll continue uploading on the online lore channel so go check that one out as well and thanks for watching see you later goodbye [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dr.Dinks206 [2 likes]: "my good friend mizkif" didnt age well
  2. @TherealZayWavy_gaming [2 likes]: i started youtube a few days ago and i am almost at 20k views im pretty sure that was just luck tbh
  3. @RyanPaperPlane [1 likes]: nah it is luck based on the algorithm
  4. @cringekarlscott [1 likes]: bro finally put the apostrophe in the title
  5. @RankDalf: 😮
  6. @Karamplaysthis: why does mrbeast sound AI?  😭
  7. @Chamchaka: @GOLFCART followed this strategy 1:1
  8. @visbly: step 1: lose 50 dollars and never make it back
  9. @Frost3D44: Did sour sweet narrate the vid??
  10. @ivannnn_mz: Why did he start it out private before making it public?
  11. @CHANCEnotFOUND: I just started today and my stats are crazy lol😅
 
Edit: I posted my first short to day
  12. @Theo-yy8wk: Again a video stolen from Papaplatte.
  13. @Viralityhubs: Shoutout to small creators. Remember that it’s 99% skill!
  14. @Utkarsh2702: "A streamer touches more people" yeah I'll say
  15. @honeyboom4175: Nah, tell that to all the ai slop shorts channels buddy 🫄🏻👎🏻
  16. @PappaTom-ub3ht: I "get" it
  17. @M9ttKizer: Just dropped my first video
  18. @MarioGhinea-jt6mp: Step 1 donate 50 dollars to a streamer for a chance they will watch it  step 2. I forgot there's no step 2
  19. @TheTestDummy-i4c: Small creators, it’s time to shine.
  20. @seothis640: You made my phone call Jimmy. Please don't do that again! :D

- I Made a Secret YouTube Channel to Prove its Not Luck: Kind: captions Language: en does creating a successful YouTube channel take skill from years of experience or is it all just luck according to the all-knowing internet 75 of children said be a YouTuber is their desired career so can you build a skill set that will ultimately lead you to a successful career as a YouTuber or was I just lucky I'm gonna put that theory to the test by creating a completely secret Channel that I cannot show my face or use my voice on to see if I actually do have a particular set of skills that I can use to grow the channel into something successful now you may have seen Ludwig try this a few months ago where he even asked Mr Beast what his opinion was Jimmy how much of YouTube you think is Luck versus skill it's 99 and I decided to get a second opinion from some of my friends to get back to like 100k in a moment or something a month you think you do it a month 100K a month I would say event when you first get started you can get lucky but longevity is from definitely from the knowledge so I'm gonna give myself seven days to get 10 000 views and 1 000 subscribers I'm going to do literally every everything I can to prove that it's not luck and I'm gonna start where things kicked off for me shorts not those kind of shorts these kind of shorts all right we're going to start with the food content because it's the easiest content also I don't want my food to go bad so we're gonna do a Chick-fil-A food hack everybody loves food I mean who doesn't like a nice little food I've also positioned my iPhone so that my face is not in the shot removing my influence from the video yo this is gonna be straight from a Food Network with the right information I think anyone can be a YouTuber it's as simple as that someone certainly could get lucky the only reason that tends to work is that they unintentionally did everything right oh my gosh I wasn't recording just kidding I was now that we've done the food stuff we're gonna move on to the Coke and Mentos stuff it gets freakishly large views and requires me not to speak at all ah I'm fresh I messed it up YouTube's algorithm ultimately determines the success of a video by using two metrics average duration and click-through but for shorts I really only need to focus on average view duration all right we're gonna put some water in it I've never seen anything like it that's what she said I'm basically just gonna drop this on the ground and nothing's gonna happen it's a scam this is what gets the 200 340 million views nothing but that's the beauty of it because I'll cut the video right now when nothing happens and since I'm not talking I'm also not limiting myself to one language speaking audience but I greatly sacrifice building a core audience for the sake of millions of views in just one morning I was able to create three shorts that I think have amazing potential oh my gosh that's incredible these need to be cut up into extremely fast-paced videos that will keep people engaged till the end and I'm not gonna lie y'all I'm pretty stoked on these upload shorts but bang we got our first short uploaded hopefully one of these shorts has popped off maybe I'm a terrible Creator okay let's check it out together but first it's time to give some money to one of you guys subscribed right oh yeah for every 15 seconds that I talk to you guys about Dragon City he gets 50 bucks Dragon City is a free to play mobile game that's available on all of your devices you're gonna collect food Gold Gems that you can grow and tailor your city and reach completely new levels you even get to breed your dragons look at how excited Michael is about that he's literally gonna breed his own dragons and he's gonna get new dragon eggs hatch them and feed them to evolve you get to Train Your Dragon and teach them new attacks in battle in order to make them even more powerful you can become a member of the alliance like like like uh like a really some really cool it's like a really cool line it's like a it's one of those really cool superhero alliances and this one's pretty cool yeah doesn't it dude I shut up Michael Michael and the QR code and get a special free starter pack 15 000 food 30 000 gold and a flame like what this you guys are giving away too much stuff you're gonna download it right I gave you so much money I need to stop and if that wasn't bad enough for my bank account I have more bad problems well that's bad news right away oh no zero subscribers currently Yelp talk about an emotional roller coaster seeing Zero Subs hurts this one has 20 views interesting engagement 17 out of 23 seconds that's not great okay on a video this length I really need it to be like 20 seconds out of 23. I need to be in the like 90 percentile range I'm not gonna lie you guys this is a this is a bummer I need to change gears and quickly I still have a few tricks up my sleeve and my next idea requires a voice I have a couple of options I could go to Fiverr and I could hire a voice actor but I think what I'm gonna do is to see if my wife can actually try to tell some stories Lauren are you ready about to make my boy famous it's time you take the director's seat Karen was gonna need to be the voice of this content since I can't use my own there's nothing in there it's empty I drank it no pressure but this entire video hangs in the balance is why Matthew Dean has gone from 0 to 1.5 million subscribers in just a few months and well she's kind of killing it what the heck why am I doing this you should be the YouTuber I got so nervous this is a completely different approach content-wise but it allows me to click bait to a certain extent by using a larger creator for the Titan as I'm adding this together I'm excited but uh also um a little nervous that took me way too long to make um but it's done now it's up it's on the interwebs I have some other plans I want to do with this I actually think this is a really good video just needs to be seen by somebody so this is where we go to Twitter to Instagram to Reddit we're gonna start making some noise even though the channel still doesn't have a single subscriber I have faith in myself I know I could do it if I can't uh well I guess I'm a fraud day one was a pretty much a bust you guys already know that we had like no subscribers watch this just be an absolute fail come on Big Money big money let's go let's go okay I got two subscribers that's hey that's 200 games now two subscribers might seem like nothing but in this moment I feel ecstatic I have a seriously long ways to go but hey you gotta start someone you got okay we got 1700 views on that you can converting one subscriber that's pretty depressing as I was reviewing the content I hit a completely new roadblock retention yeah again it's too low the retention's not there using my own channel as comparison I know for a fact that my retention needs to be sitting around 90 or higher on these upload links if it's going to go viral and um they're a long ways there's many reasons why the retention is not there I actually think this video is good but I think the retention is not there because it's just not hitting the right audio for example this video on my channel took over 900 days for it to finally find the radar but I'm not ready to give up just like I'm not ready to give up on passing my arch nemesis The Rock and we are so close so please hit the Subscribe button on day three I tried to use Twitter and Reddit and well let's just say I'm terrible at anything not YouTube related this guy said I bet he bought two of everything so he could get the internet points and still eat his meals intended well that's not what happened but okay on day four I attempt to be the next big gamer what is your current work from restaurant manager here on day five I cry on day six I went for the Hail Mary I went back to food content but I used Mr BEAST's clickbait the perfect comic it's a fake story about Mr Beast Karin is going to record them all Mr Beast give me a million dollar Choice finally it's day seven and this is it this is the moment of truth in total the channel did 9 000 views over the course of the seven days that I had it up and the biggest video was the Mr Beast video the last one that I uploaded which is no surprise because Mr Beast is in the title it got a total of 3 200 views that's actually pretty good I'm not I'm not mad about that and unfortunately the long form I had Dave working on didn't have enough time to get any trash in the end the Potato Head channel did a total of 11 subscribers so uh yeah I'm a complete failure but this channel probably could have gained much more subscribers over time if I continued to create content adapting for now I'm a complete failure but there's something that I didn't recognize this entire journey I didn't blow up overnight in fact nobody does I was creating content that I actually don't even like make even if it did do well there would have been no way for me to keep it going and have fun with this experience forced me to look back on my own Journey on YouTube I started years ago and I tried some stuff that I didn't even think was a good representation of me it showed through the content along with that even the first short that I posted to my channel took an entire month to hit the algorithm I still firmly believe that it takes skill to build a successful YouTube channel just like it takes skill to build a successful Dragon City city or Dragon down with the Dragon City app and you guys please watch this video so I don't feel like a complete failure

  Top Comments:
  1. @prm4uofficial [1 likes]: The repeatability you proved here actually confirms what most growth studies miss: the first 48 hours of upload determine 60% of long-term performance. If you're testing this again, try publishing at exactly the same minute each time—YouTube's recommendation system weighs consistency timing heavier than most creators realize 📊
  2. @anerdl [1 likes]: I got 10k subs in 24 days
  3. @otherworldlydrumstick919 [1 likes]: wtf is this crap?
  4. @Rock_number_38 [1 likes]: What's wrong with the rock >:(
  5. @tortoisemukbangs2134: It’s not luck. I thought the same thing until I began filming my animals and now I’m close to 1,000.
  6. @nicniewiemok: According to me, he didn't prove it
  7. @eshaalmrz: Really goes to show that even for experienced creators, the YouTube grind is real, Proves that consistency and understanding the audience are just as important as the initial skill set.
  8. @Itssebastio-roblox: Trying to go viral
  9. @maurice_62: 999 missed calls from ludwig
  10. @GOATians: what is the channel ame
  11. @merandaseeber684: 🧡I always try to find videos with low subscribers so that I can subscribe. OTHER PEOPLE SHOULD DO THIS TOO! Lol🧡
  12. @skellyboytoy: I'm happy my sub count is 18, but this shit is crazy small. Only 11?
  13. @HomeCats10: I don't understand what I'm doing wrong. I don't  get even 1k views on my shorts. I removed all my keywords on my channel because they lead to nowhere. Without Keywords on channel it's better I think
  14. @w1tnessm3: No way this vid pops up on my feed! (I didn't even watch it, it's funny that it's a potato in the thumbnail)
  15. @4kFotbalEdits: 9:00 bruh you shouldve made it like that you had more time
  16. @Sammylikescats2026: One of my shorts suddenly got 1.1k views when I uploaded it
  17. @Point_of_Failure: If you’re a new YouTuber reading this — don’t give up. Everyone starts somewhere 🤍
  18. @nixszterofficial: Im pretty sure IT ABSOLUTELY takes skill, i made really bad gaming content like a few months ago, and it took 1 year to get 100 subs, but now with some new things, already i got 60+ subs in like 2-3 months
  19. @nixszterofficial: I like how he used a potato bc if a make an account and dont have an idea i just go with a potato profile picture and the others
  20. @iz2782: D

- If I Started a YouTube Channel in 2026, I'd Do This: Kind: captions Language: en If you can get these three things right, then you're completely off to the races and your channel will explode and you'll become a millionaire. So, in this video, I'm going to take my last 6 years of experience on YouTube and I'm going to try and condense it into a three-part framework that I would follow if I was starting a YouTube channel completely from scratch today. So, I call this framework the part-time YouTuber blueprint because my course is called the part-time YouTuber Academy. And I've taught this system to more than 2,300 students over the last 3 years. Now, there's three levels to this framework. If you're new to making videos, and in this context, I'm starting a YouTube channel with zero experience, completely from scratch, we're going to start with level one. Level one is get going. And this is like your first three videos. Now, if you're starting completely from scratch and you have zero experience, then a huge hurdle that holds people up from starting a YouTube channel is actually just not getting started with the thing in the first place. So, what I'd be doing is I'd just be making three videos. Maybe they're shorts, maybe they're videos I don't even edit, maybe I'm just making them on my phone and speaking to the camera, and uploading them to a new YouTube channel. I would create a channel, create maybe some channel art on Canva or something like that. And this is kind of like the first three dates that you go on someone if you're in the dating world. You know, you're kind of getting to know them. You're seeing if you vibe. And in those three videos, I get some pretty good insight into how I feel about making videos. I'm going to be absolutely terrible at it because like with any skill, it takes ages to get good at the thing. But at least at the start, I've made some kind of effort in doing it. Like for example, if you're watching this right now and you haven't yet started a YouTube channel, I suspect the thing that's holding you back is probably overthinking. I suspect it's probably overthinking about your niche. What the hell do I make videos about? Why would anyone watch my content? Will people at my job respond poorly to the fact I have a YouTube channel? All of that overthinking just gets in the way of people. That's why level one is to get going and just make those first three videos. Because to be honest, YouTube is a lifestyle choice. What you're trying to do, what you're signing up for if you're going to take this seriously is making videos every week for the next like several years of your life. And so it's worth flirting with it for these first three videos and just seeing how you feel. If you don't know anything at all about literally how to hold a camera, how to hold a phone, how to edit a video, how to make a thumbnail, how to start a YouTube channel, then there's loads of free content available on YouTube. Anyway, once you've gone on these first three dates, once you've made these first three videos, at that point, you have a choice. And this is choice number one. This is, do you want to be in a casual relationship with YouTube or do you want to be in a serious relationship with YouTube? Now, casual is like, I'll make a video whenever I feel like it. Maybe I'll film a video on a holiday here and there. serious is I am committed to this and that would be obviously the position that I would be in if I was starting YouTube completely from scratch today. I would actively decide consciously commit to being in a serious relationship with YouTube. That means just like if you're in a serious relationship with a person in real life, you want to try and see them at least once a week. I would want to be committing to making at least one video a week because that to me is taking it seriously. You know, a YouTube channel does not grow if you if you treat it casually. You cannot accidentally lock into just having a big profitable YouTube channel and that kind of stuff. you have to actively take it seriously. And then once I've committed to taking YouTube seriously, I'm now ready to go on to level two. Now level two is what I call get good. Um, but I would say in brackets get good enough because in level two we're going to be making our next seven videos. And the point of these seven videos is to get better at the craft of making videos. Now the thing with YouTube is that there are a lot of skills wound up in being a good YouTuber or being a successful YouTuber. There's titles and thumbnails and filming and talking to a camera and like structuring your stuff and storytelling and being reasonable at public speaking if you're going to show your face. And then being reasonable at research and writing and animation if you're not going to show your face and then actually editing which takes absolutely ages and understanding analytics. There are so many skills around what it takes to be an effective YouTuber. Again, in this model, we're starting completely from scratch. I don't know any of these skills. I don't know how to talk to a camera. Don't know how to edit a video. So, I need to spend these next seven videos actively trying to improve the craft of making videos. Crucially, at this point, I'm still not worrying about my niche. I don't give a toss what my niche is at this point because all I'm trying to do is get So, my next seven videos in this get good enough stage are going to be I'm just making videos on whatever I feel like. Maybe I just absolutely freaking love these Stabilo pastel colored highlighters, so I might make a video about my favorite highlighter pens. Maybe I absolutely love this Dbrand Ali Abdal palettes collaboration phone case and I can make a video reviewing that. Maybe I absolutely love this book that I have on my desk at all times, Show Your Work by Austin Cleon, so I can make a video reviewing the book. It does not matter what the video is about. What matters is that we're getting better at the craft of making videos. And we're not trying to overthink our niche at this point. And again, to use the relationship analogy, this is where you get to know each other a little bit better. You're learning more about the other person. They're learning more about you. And across these seven videos, and 3 + 7 equals 10, so 10 videos in level 1 and level two. Across these 10 videos, you're getting to know the craft of making YouTube videos, but you're also learning a little bit about yourself. Maybe at this point you're even having to confront your own emotions around like fear of what other people will think and judgment and self-doubt and all of these other emotional hurdles that can get in the way of us building a life that we love. And so I'd be making these seven videos on top of my other three and I would just be uploading them to my YouTube channel. At this point you might also want to learn how to get better at editing if you happen to use Final Cut. I have another course about this. It's completely free on Skillshare or it's included for free as part of my part-time YouTuber academy if you want. That'll be linked down below as well. By the way, if you're enjoying this video so far, I would love it if you could give us a thumbs up. Apparently it really helps for the YouTube algorithm. Anyway, once you've gotten beyond level two, at that point you have to make the ultimate choice. And the ultimate choice is, do you want to treat YouTube like a hobby, having made 10 videos, or do you want to treat YouTube like a business? And on the hobby to business spectrum, let's say hobby is zero and business is 10, where do you land on that spectrum? You're not allowed to pick five. And if you do decide at this point that you actually want to treat YouTube as a hobby, that's totally fine. But if you decide that you want to lean towards the business end of the spectrum, if you decide like I would if I were in your position that I want to treat YouTube very seriously and I want to treat it like a business and I want to be a professional rather than an amateur when it comes to YouTube, that takes us on to level three. And level three is get smart. Now, at this point, we need to actually understand the game of YouTube. So far, in these first 10 videos, we've just been trying to make videos that we enjoy. But to really grow a YouTube channel that can potentially change our life, we need to understand what is the game that we are trying to play. And there's basically three things. There's only three things that YouTube cares about when it comes to growing a YouTube channel. And if you can get these three things right, then you're completely off to the races and your channel will explode and you'll become a millionaire. And those three things are number one, click, number two, watch time, and number three, satisfaction. So firstly, the click. This is the importance of titles and thumbnails and idea generation and concept. No one is ever going to watch your video unless they click on your video. And so the first step to success on YouTube is earning the click. Your titles and thumbnails and concepts need to be sufficiently intriguing that someone actually clicks on the video. Secondly, we have watch time. Now, the YouTube algorithm cares a lot about how much of your video someone has watched because the YouTube algorithm is ultimately trying to serve the right video to the right viewer at the right time. And so, if a viewer is watching a lot of your video, it means they're getting continuous value from that video. And so, watch time is a great signal for the algorithm to then promote your video to more people that are similar to that viewer that watched it for a long time. So, we've gotten people to click with our title and thumbnail. We've gotten people to watch the video with everything about the video actually being good. And then we want to leave people satisfied. Now increasingly the algorithm is talking a lot more about satisfaction. It's looking at signals according to my YouTube partner manager who I speak to fairly regularly. Signals like you know likes and comments and things. But also YouTube has started putting these surveys for a percentage of their users that you might have seen when you're browsing YouTube. And they've got tons of other signals for viewer satisfaction. So it's not necessarily that you need to get people to watch 100% of your hourong video, but YouTube has good ways of knowing were people satisfied as a result of the video that they watched. So, having understood the game, we now need to talk about strategy. And this is where we're allowed to start thinking about our niche. But at this point, we have to think, okay, there are zillions of videos uploaded to YouTube every single day. And so, your video needs to add enough value for the person on the other end to think that it's justified as an investment of time and attention on their part. You're not just competing with the other stuff that's on the side of YouTube in the suggested videos and watch this next. You're competing with their phone. You're competing with things happening in their real life. You're competing with every other distraction in this person's life. So this is where strategy comes in and this is where it's really important to figure out what is our niche. Now the way that I've been teaching this for the last 3 years on my YouTuber academy I think makes a lot of sense and that's you know the question of niche gets people focused on the wrong things. I think a niche is actually two things. It's a target and it's a value. So in the start of my YouTube journey in 2017 the target for my YouTube videos was people applying to medical school in the UK. And the value I was giving them was helping them get into medical school in the UK. And that is a very clear target and a very clear value proposition which is how my channel grew in those initial days. Now in our YouTuber academy we have a whole like 2-hour long session where we talk about how to figure out your target and your value proposition. But kind of long story short, basically what you want to do is you want to figure out what are your own interests and what are your own strengths and what are your own unfair or competitive advantages and who are the people that you could potentially help or serve with your content. And then you kind of combine all those things and you make a few hypotheses about, okay, I could potentially be helping small business owners manage their accounts or I could be potentially helping dentists run better ads on Facebook or I could potentially be helping students in Indonesia get better at studying for their exams. Like whatever that target and value is, those are different niches that you could potentially enter with your YouTube channel. And so that answers the question of why should someone watch my videos? It's like I'm the videos are targeted to that person and I'm giving value to that person and therefore people are watching my videos for the value that they get. Whether it's entertainment or education or inspiration, there's always value that people want to get from your videos otherwise they wouldn't watch them. And then the next question we have to answer in the strategy piece is why would someone watch my videos rather than the other videos on this topic? Now most niches that you might want to go into on YouTube are kind of crowded these days. Productivity, personal development, all this this kind of stuff ridiculously crowded. And so you need a way of standing out in a crowded market. So again, the method that we teach for this, there's like two things to understand here. There's number one, the market, and number two, your edge. So firstly, we've got understanding the market. And here we want to apply the principles that a business would use, which is why we're treating YouTube as a business. Let's say you wanted to start a new business. Let's say you decided, I want to open an Italian restaurant on my local high street. You wouldn't just decide to open an Italian restaurant on your local high street. You would do some market analysis. You would see, what other Italian restaurants are there in my local area? What are the restaurants that there are in my local area? What are the coffee shops? What's the clientele like? What are the what's the sort of income of people walking through the area? You'd be doing a lot of analysis before you pull the trigger and just randomly decide to open up an Italian restaurant. And so, we'd analyze the market and then we'd figure out our competitive or authentic edge. And this isn't necessarily about being better. In fact, I think being better is like the worst way of doing this. Firstly, cuz better is in the eye of the beholder and also just takes way more work. But there are loads of other domains in which you could stand out. For example, in terms of the depth of research you go into your videos, in terms of storytelling, in terms of editing, in terms of relatability and authenticity, maybe you're a male in a female dominated industry or female in a male dominated industry. Maybe you're the only person of color who's making that kind of content. And so, you're appealing to other people of color just like you. And so, there's loads of these different ways that you could stand out in the market. And you just need to figure out what is that like what is the market and what is my edge. Now, once I figured out the strategy, the next problem I'm going to run into is that it takes a large amount of time to do all of this stuff. Well, especially if I've got a full-time job, especially if I've got a family and friends and I want to maintain my health and social life, it's actually really hard to make make the time to do YouTube. Well, unless of course you quit your job from day one and that kind of like again, I'm assuming if I start YouTube completely from scratch, I don't have the ability to quit my day job. And this is quite a lot to do. There's a lot of stuff you have to do to be good at YouTube. And it's really, really, really hard to do it in, you know, 5 to 10 hours a week. But what I've learned over the last six years, and I'd incorporate this kind of knowledge into my starting YouTube from scratch, is that if I build systems, systems and leverage, then I actually can do YouTube in somewhere between 5 and 10 hours a week. And again, this is thinking like a business. It's like if you go into any McDonald's anywhere in the world, you'll get basically an identical experience because the systems and processes that McDonald's have built are absolutely incredible. You can put any 16-year-old into any of the positions at McDonald's basically, and they'd give you the same result because the systems are so good. So, what I'd be thinking is, how do I build systems for my YouTube channel so that I can create valuable content that my audience finds interesting and useful within my niche that's strategically aligned to what I want to do, but do it in a way that doesn't take up large amounts of time. Now, if you've gotten to the end of this video and you're interested in potentially building systems for your YouTube channel and saving a lot of time, that's exactly what we teach on my part-time YouTuber Academy. And we're going to be doing our final live cohort of the course in April and May of 2023. So, that this is the last time we're doing a live cohort. I've done seven life cohorts for over 2,300 students in the last like 2 and a half years. But now it's kind of getting a bit boring. Firstly, because I've been saying the same stuff repeatedly for the last 3 years, but also now that this channel has grown and about to publish my book and all this other stuff's happening. My life is going in a direction where running live online courses is no longer compatible with other cool stuff that's happening. But basically, the whole course is about how do you build systems and processes and tools and templates to operationalize and scale a YouTube channel just as if you were treating it like a business. And I've been building these systems and tools for my channel for the last 6 years. I've taught it to 2,000 plus other students and so we'll teach that to you on this live course as well. And we've got some really cool looking graphs and testimonials as well from people who have taken the course in the last like 2 and a half years and whose channels have exploded and it's just super interesting to see. And the course has a 60-day 100% satisfaction money back guarantee. Also, I get that the course is pretty expensive because it's live and it takes a lot of effort from like me and like 10 other people in my team to make this happen. But for the last 3 years, we have been offering scholarships to people who are in financial difficulty who can't afford the price of the course. And this time again because it's the final life cohort that we're going to do. We have doubled the amount of scholarship places that are available. So if you want to take YouTube seriously, but if you're in a financial situation that means you can't afford the price of the course, then you should absolutely apply for a scholarship. We spend a lot of time looking at these applications. The team spends ages reviewing them and so if your application is good, you'll get a scholarship to the course and then you can join this community of 2,000 plus part-time YouTubers. It's absolutely sick. Anyway, that'll be linked down in the video description so you can check it out. And if you enjoyed this video, you might like to check out this video over here, which is my top 10 tips for beginner YouTubers. So that might be interesting for you. Thank you so much for watching. Have a great day, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliabdaal [273 likes]: Hope you enjoyed the video!! If you fancy getting more creator-focused tips, join CreatorNotes - my free, weekly newsletter - https://go.aliabdaal.com/creatornotesytp
  2. @IndustrialProductDesign [2 likes]: He will change it to 2027 in few months😂
  3. @nocontentleft [1 likes]: I have never trusted anyone who is a fast talker
  4. @kucingjinak88: "who is watching in 2026". IAM FROM INDONESIA 😂❤
  5. @mg.shahriar: Thanks for the advice. Just started my YouTube channel. Started posting tech reviews . Keep going guys. I know lot of you can relate?
  6. @AlexRiverfrontDIY: Ive done this behavior in another industry and become wealthy.  This was the best of these types of videos.  You taught people how to be succesful in anything.
  7. @elevators_escalatorsandme: ali abdaal never misses with these youtube advice videos honestly 👏
  8. @mediocrehousebeats: wow
  9. @Crescitaly_com: The secret to long-term growth? Consistency + strategy. Crescitaly helps you master both. 📈
  10. @GentleRidesCo: Thanks for mentioning Indonesia❤️🙏🏼
  11. @MalikaLithgowIslam: Sorry, I stopped watching at 0:44 because you're talking way too fast. I'm not a robot, I want to listen and absorb and reflect. Maybe you can make a video about that.
  12. @TabassumPatel-u8y1d: Ye video mujhe gemini ne suggests kiya hai kasam se
  13. @divinesimona333: Love your videos, so usefull, thank you!❤❤❤
  14. @NostalgicNightSounds: Why is YouTube telling me so many huge videos have 0 views today??? To make me feel better about my low views 🤗
  15. @chrishelsilva707: brother thankyou so much . while i was watching your video my head started blasting with ideas . thankyou again bro
  16. @explorewithranjann: Thank you
  17. @mediaclipsdotlore: Here in 2026 tryna see what ppl like ,want ot need
  18. @ninaheidecke: Can you please create a playlist with only Videos with how to start and drive a YouTube channel ❤. I just want to watch this Kind of Videos now and I dont want to search so long for it. 😊 Thank you.
  19. @PuppyDog-g9u: He change 2026 for video posted 3 years ago
  20. @Multi-AccountMastery: The whole three-level “get going, get good enough, get smart” framework honestly removes so much pressure around picking a niche on day one and makes it feel like a real long-term relationship with YouTube instead of a quick hack. The way you boiled success down to click, watch time, and satisfaction at level three has me rethinking my whole upload strategy, and I’m even tempted to use a couple of pre-aged channels from accsmarket just to grind through those first 10+ “practice” videos without overthinking my main brand.

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- Viral Failure Lessons I Wish I Knew Earlier: Kind: captions Language: en the real value that you create is your own work like this right here is the value that I create so all the engagement that I spend all the time out here that I spend after this doesn't matter it's negative because what I should be doing is I should be going back and creating more stuff like this I've been involved with so many multi-million impression posts but I've never like written something and then seen it blow up in stages and it's it's a really amusing Journey okay so let's start here and and I'll just talk about what happens okay and I was able to kind of quantify all of this because I went through the personal experience of it and then I looked back at all the data that I had on all of the ad campaigns we've run and I noticed that they went exactly the same as this so from 1 to 200,000 Impressions the response will be enormously positive most people coming in support and give the idea a chance okay and then also at this level of Impressions these are mostly D mostly directly relevant people okay because how social media platforms generate attention is they start with a dedicated audience they look at your post they try to identify it they start with a dedicated audience and they say okay we are reasonably confident that this number of people that these types of people are going to be interested in this type of content so we're going to serve it to them and then they say oh the engagement in that group of people was positive and there was a lot of people that were liking and engaging with that post we're going to serve it to a bigger audience of people we're going see how that does and then that post actually does really well within this biger audience and this audience is still very relevant but not as relevant and so now they serve to an even bigger audience and so on okay so understand that that's how social media platforms work and then we can keep going so now in the most dedicated audience you will feel really good about the work that you're doing because it will be pretty enormously positive okay and now as we get out to this bigger group and this is going to be you know between like 200,000 and 500,000 Impressions now we are in this place where everything is still mostly positive and that's good also you're starting to get some disbelievers or kind of trolls or types of people um some people disagree right like probably like 20 30% but the comments are still like enormously positive okay and then we go to here and at this point the social media platform has said both the people that we cuz like at this level of Impressions were Beyond a dedicated audience and the social media platform is able to successfully say okay we have like really tested this and not only did the people who are engaging with it that what we were thought would engage with it or engage with it but also other people who we thought would be less interested or engaging with it so we're going to serve you to a lot of people and now we're going to go to 500,000 to like 1 million and here is where you'll start to see something happen that is very interesting pretty much every insane deranged person and unqualified person will be in your DMs at this point and you will get flamed at an ex at a high level for anything no matter how Ironclad your take is and then at this point you also reach the general the the the um the GP which are brainlets and so this is where you really start to get trolled super hard and I think personally although I've seen it in many ad campaigns I was not ready of the lack of sophistication that came into my DMs so so something interesting starts happening at this next level which we'll get to I guess I'll explain here okay where now this is like anywhere between I'd say 1 million to like 15 million plus like we're going crazy here at this point this is like media attention so you're seeing like articles being written at this point now about like the seror wrote an article right about like um my thing and things like that media attention other influencers pick it up react which just makes it bigger and stuff like that and to some extent this can also happen in this category too over here and this is like prepare to get trolled like it's so hard okay and another thing that comes along at this level which I haven't seen in a long time is grifters people that make a living off of discussing controversy and attacking other people this is where I want to diverted discussion and talk about something that I've realized about grifters that's really important and if you ever get here I hope that what I'm about to say will be of service and that is that I have come to the understanding and I think this is going to be one of the best decisions of my life if your brand is to be an expert on something or you have an expertise and you're qualified it is pointless and I mean like never do it to engage with anybody who doesn't have expertise practical knowledge or actionable knowledge in that subject so what I've realized is after I started getting to this level this month I started reading a lot of comments and initially like the biggest supporters were people that were industry leaders so so so people that kind of like saw what I was talking about and were like okay this tracks I may disagree with like certain parts of it but overall this makes sense and I understand that this is coming from like an informed place but once you get like out here you're in like a No Man's Land of actual brainlets and intentional grifters that are trying to get a response from you like getting a response from you is their brand and so you reach a point where you as an expert are engaging with fools like literal actual fools and and not only fools but also people that are intentionally dismantling your arguments with no interest of debating points um to any like uh to any like reasonable conclusion they're actually just trying to troll you and so I made a categorical decision if I am going to actually debate a topic or argue a topic with somebody and they disagree with me I look at their total breadth of experience in the field and if they don't have any it's just totally pointless to listen to them and it's like everybody deserves to have an opinion you say no there are so many people that don't deserve to have opinions on things and I think one of the huge problems that we have in today's content creation space is an enormous amount of fools that are commenting on stuff they have no business commenting on it's it's like the number one thing that bothers me the most about like the live streaming in the YouTube meta they're not qualified they're giving Financial advice they're giving therapy advice they're giving business advice and they have just never done it their only line item on their resume or their CV is I was a live streamer and I had like enough of a wild personality that I got out here and I had enough um ego that I could ignore the grifters and the trolls because one thing that happens on this chart is like people that can't handle this get killed like right about here and so if you've ever seen some content creators that you've seen have a couple of like big pop offs you go on their YouTube channel and they've got like a few videos that have done like these kind of numbers and then they they they pull back right and they go back to here what's happening is they couldn't handle The Gatekeepers out here these people are actually agents of the immune system they're agents of the Matrix literally they they they come out and their goal is to knock you back down and if you listen to them you'll believe that you're actually and you will stop creating you'll stop making stuff and because you'll believe that like you didn't deserve to be here but you do like all of you deserve to be here but like they'll make you think that you don't and some people never even get off of this get out of here because the things that are holding them down or like their parents or like Society or their own demons or whatever regardless like there are Gatekeepers at every level and they get worse the higher you go up to the point where major business people are getting attacked by governments entire governments and people like that that are trying to you know SpaceX right now getting getting attacked by um agencies trying to make them do studies on Steals and stuff so that they can launch their Rockets like crazy stuff starts happening out here it gets nuts and you have to have a lot of resiliency to deal with it but regardless this is where I'm currently at is like if I'm going to have a serious marketing discussion with somebody or a serious business discussion like on my field of of of marketing and the work that I'm doing you may agree or disagree that I'm an expert doesn't matter but here I am right for anybody that is that is not doing this that that isn't in the game their opinion is completely worth zero to me like actually less than zero I think that's a super healthy place to be it's really interesting I I I don't think you can survive out here without that mindset and I and I know that over the course of the next few months if I'm going to go back in this Direction that's the proper mindset to have because this stuff will start happening on Youtube it'll start happening other places and things like that it's the PVP Zone I think it's important to talk about what'll happen out here and the best way to view it let's say that between every one of these arrows there's like a gate like I want you to imagine like a literal gate we'll draw them okay at every one of these levels is like an act ual gate and it's like a barrier that exists and at this barrier it's populated by enemies like in a video game level and each one of them is going to have different features and and different abilities this is like literally the best way I can explain this okay like at this at this level when you get like a few trolls their abilities might be stuff like uh like this is like I feel like okay below like the because there's Gates before you even get started on something and and now we're not even just getting into content creation we're just getting into life okay this is stuff like your parents being like oh you can't do it uh you don't need to do that you're already fine right it's like stuff like that mindset type of thing and that's like the first gate and that's like this one is a tough gate because it's like your friends and family a lot of the time right and then out here when you start like gaining Impressions and stuff like that it's like mostly agreeing and like some people will intellectually disagree with you and that's enough to knock some people out where there like you know but actually like this is like the most valuable tier and like you want like if you're going to take your feedback you want to take your feedback here because like um so like let's say that some like so so Nick just came into the chat right I'm going to use him as a as an example here okay so let's say that Nick reads my post on Twitter what's say that Nick agrees with like you know 60% of it but he has some insight into it where he says like okay so like this is a really good post like glad you made it because listen all of the people that are actually successful in life are happy that you're on your game and that you're making stuff cuz they know how hard it is so like just the fact that this was put into the world professionals will be like good job like you put some thought into something you put some energy into something I understand how hard that is that's good right they might disagree with it but they're glad it's there so someone like Nick might come in at this gate and he'll be like yo I this I I agree with about you know 60% of this but here's 40% that you might not have considered now Nick is an industry expert worked at twitch has a ton of experience in orts worked at CLG right like enormously valuable input you take that 40% and you listen very closely so like that this is where I'm saying like a lot of you or a lot of people are getting their feedback out in these Gates over here and really you should be looking right here at the beginning when like the people that are actually really the performers and the movers and shakers are commenting on your stuff and that's where you start listening okay so then everything after this tier is not valueable so I think like after like after this tier when you start getting like the real disagre at this gate these guys will be tough like this will be stuff like you get your first trolls people won't listen to your uh to to your post or your content or like your thing and they'll make up something to attack like a like a big one at this tier for me was people saying like oh you made a bunch of predictions that didn't become true as if that invalidates the efficacy of my my current statement first of all the stuff that I did predict did become true but they're saying it didn't right and they're they're they're straw mening so they're they're meaning to like lead you off the path to get you to fight on those those points and this is like probably the most dangerous gate because it's the easiest place to start getting trapped with like the general public that's trying to pull you into discussions and pull you into stuff that that isn't relevant to what you're trying to do really what you should do is you should take the feedback at this tier and you should ignore everything north of it everything I mean like literally as like in your brain as soon as you are done creating like you cut it right here and you never pay attention to any of these things again you don't read a single thing I'm not kidding nothing past this is helpful nothing because once you get out here you're literally just dealing with I won't listen to you because you look fat okay or you're 5'4 bro your opinion doesn't matter it's like all just like ad hom like crazy what whatever personal attack they can make on you or anything is is going to be here at this tier these two things are both quotes from this tier in my last post these are these are both things I was I was called 54 I'm not 54 and also I I looked fat even though my post was entirely text with no images but I guess my profile picture looked fat and so um I'm disqualified from from having an opinion anyway you will get knocked down very hard out here and it it'll be real tough the best advice I have is like just do not engage with anybody past this tier and and I think that I successfully did that and and I guess the thing that surprised me with the last post that I did I successfully did it the thing that really surprised me was how good grifters are you shouldn't underestimate the grifters the people that come after you that are going to intentionally troll you they're um they're impressive and they're really good at getting reactions they'll like and that's why I said this is like the most important gate to pay attention to and I think this is the gate that the content creators have the hardest trouble Crossing because you'll get mired up you'll get mucked up in this um it's literally that quote uh a fool drags you down to their level and beats you with experience that actually happens like at a crazy level over here people started saying things that I had like a visceral reaction to that they'd say some Stat or something that I know professionally is not true I can annihilate that stat instantly with data but they don't care about the data they're making something up they'll say something like absor this is like a good example they'll say something like kick absorbed a huge percentage of twitch's audience that invalidates your whole argument because kick was able to do it and so that therefore like twitch doesn't have to worry about brand safety they'll say something like that right and you'll be like wait what and you'll easily be able to refute something like that if you have any sort of data whatsoever because you be like wait kick bank's no money like they're totally unprofitable right they're being propped up by a gambling website and so on right like but but like they you can't respond if you respond then the grifters will use that to keep making their side of it bigger and bigger because the way that grifters work is that they just they they take little chunks out of you they're parasites so they will come into they will come into your sphere and they'll take a little Munch over here and they'll grab this attention and if you're not careful they'll keep munching and all of a sudden your content won't even be relevant anymore because this entire section or this entire section will just be taken up by grifters and the grifters will have successfully absorbed all of that attention it's really important to understand how they work the only thing you can do is not engage it actually doesn't matter if you beat them down and if you win because if you if you beat down a grifter what'll happen is they'll just continue making content about you even really successful content Critters get hit by grifters like like crazy bad Charlie right moist critical gets has been hit by grifters in the past crazy bad and it's like his entire YouTube channel has gone down this um this like rabbit hole for a little while and like he always brings it back and so he can always get be back out here cuz he doesn't do it that often but like these people will destroy you if you let them they don't create their own attention and this is how you identify a grifter you go okay are you creating your own attention through the work you're doing or are you only reacting to attention that other people are creating from the work they're doing this is like a super valuable thing I hope I I I hope like people are getting something out of this if you look at this post okay this is work that I created I wrote all this I like thought about it it's my energy and then everybody else that's reacting to it is reacting to it using this piece of content to like platform off their own opinions or things like that that's fine right like not everything I do is original work a lot of the stuff that I do is also responding to videos and things like that everybody does it totally fine but outside of my own sphere outside of my own creation there is less value than the original Creator and so the way to identify a grifter is a person who is coming in with like a super negative take and they are only attempting to they've done none of the work themselves and they're only attempting to like absorb this this part of the audience and the more you engage with them the more that they push back because they have no interest in a discussion and there are big big channels dedicated to this like like there are are big people so a long time back this isn't my first rodeo doing this and when I was giving a lot of takes in like 2018 to 2019 after CLG when I I started streaming for a little while before I started getting into business and I took like a three-year break I started getting attacked by people like keemstar who were coming on Twitter and they would just have some nuclear take about me and be like this guy's a con artist this guy's a scammer this guy is like like like whatever right and like like they just they saying I'm a con artist that's that's like the there's a narrative out there that I'm like a con artist it's crazy because like I I I I think like morally and ethically I'm one of the like most upstanding citizens as far as business goes like I I I I try to never sell anything to viewers I I I I keep all my business B2B with Brands so that I'm not taking a ton of money from people I don't sell courses like there's so much stuff right and so people calling me out like as like con artist or whatever they're trying to get at me because they know that I have a I have a lot of importance a lot of self-importance built on having a high ethical frame work and so they know they can attack me on that level and so I never engaged I never responded a single time and he just went away right like like like he jump like he jumped in he jumped into the to to to my to a bunch of tweets started like nuclear level takes just like attacking me ad homs things like that and attacking me in a place where I would feel vulnerable and I would feel like I would want to respond and I and I I was able to step back and just be like okay I know what this is and I didn't engage and if I had engaged it would have just been a bigger and bigger and bigger thing until I was knocked back over here because I just got beaten down with experience and I think that this is a mistake very often that people make out here they get out here and they they get it some true grifters and the gri and they they just spend their entire time descending into engaging with those grifters and creating content about those grifters and things like that and I think it's I I I think what happens is and here's probably the most important thing I'm going to say the real value that you create is your own work like this right here is the value that I create so all the engagement that I spend all the time out here that I spend after this doesn't matter it's negative because what I should be doing is I should be going back and creating more stuff like this and what happens with grifters and what happens with negative people and trolls is they knock you back down here because you just spend all of your time focusing over here your mental gets absorbed by them don't by the way don't underestimate your mental space too I'm not just talking about your time actually I'm primarily not just talking about your time I'm talking about your mental space your mental Palace your mental Battlefield is like competed with every single day for distractions for negativity and everything like that grifters are super good at pushing you into a battle you don't even want to be in mentally you're donating a lot of your time and your space to thinking about these people and now you're not donating your time to creating which is why people were really originally supporting you so the lesson here is you take this feedback and this feedback as gospel you say okay this stuff is great people are supporting me within my core audience right if people in my core audience people that are here every day watching this this live stream and things like that are like hey this is like kind of different I'm not sure I agree with this I listen very closely but if a person out here that has no expertise has no opinion don't care not whatsoever I think it's hard for people to differentiate this if you get it right you have the perfect balance of creating making stuff that's meaningful getting feedback for it it but not taking it too personally when you start getting out here with these people and remember that this is not a hard and fast rule these grifters and these people they float around they don't care how many Impressions you have so occasionally sometimes you might get one of these grifters that's like oh interesting I want to I want to chew on some um I want to chew on some prey that is a little bit weaker and they'll go all the way over here and you'll pop up with a with your Tweet with 50 views and somebody will be like fat fat fat and you'll be like wao oh my God I can't deal with this right and so like just be prepared like at every level they're here and like you'll meet the most of them out here but they're around man they're everywhere and so you have to really be able to guard against this you have to be able to be aware of like when you're in this sphere and you're dealing with somebody like this and when you're in here and you're actually dealing with people that are are credible and I think that's my Ted Talk on this and what I've learned over a million impressions plus and having some big stuff go viral this month for

  Top Comments:
  1. @WiSims [2 likes]: I've worked in retention marketing and community management for 8+ years. This was such a great metaphor and way of explaining these concepts with tangibles. It can all feel so intangible when it's just words or name calling. Having to execute on these concepts or explain this to stake holders, leaders, or C suite when "shit hits the fan hard enough they want to get involved" always felt like solving a Rubik's cube while walking a tightrope. Even as a business a toxic client repeatably behaving that way usually isn't worth the trouble.
  2. @JimminyCricketts [1 likes]: Thanks, that was pretty encouraging tbh
  3. @wilkyb8997: great video, thanks for sharing your experience1
  4. @GeninGeo: love devin hate how he goes so they give you your yesmen first then they anyone they give you afterward is a troll.
  5. @Sathenus: Thanks Devin
  6. @1337cookie: I miss the earlier days of the internet where the barrier to entry was high enough that the ratio of smart people was better.
  7. @olrakful: hahahaahahha this is legit
  8. @nerdjournal: If you EVER hear me talking about something like, I know what I am talking about. Ignore me. Sometimes my neurodivergent brain gets pretty incredulous. I will argue for the sake of arguing. BUT I also try my best not to lie about anything.

The Internet...  Where we treat arguing like it is an Olympic sport!

(satire)
  9. @SolarBang: What app is he using in this video?
  10. @t3dotgg: Great to see you on Excalidraw. This was a banger, the gate keepers are so real
  11. @bemon31416: It's the Great Filter Theory applied in social media.
  12. @GCDChronicles: A thought I had at around the 9-minute mark: don't play PvP, content creation is a PvE game, embrace it and tune out the noise made by people telling you that you suck.
  13. @mikey3932: fire video 100% agree
  14. @Oujiz: Extremely valuable. Thank you for this.
  15. @nwgverified: Mike from PA is a well known grifter btw. Just ask destiny.
  16. @nwgverified: My understanding was that it doesnt matter how positive the engagement is, its just the level of engagement.
  17. @YESIMTHEEBOSS: Any chance this formula exists at an equal level ( percentages ) at smaller / larger scale ?

Example: 1 - 20, 20 - 50, 50 - 100, 100 - 1500

Also have you observed the same pattern within content creation in general ( Youtube, Twitch, etc ) or just Twitter ?

Thanks!
  18. @xpym1337: I think there still might be value in what a person without expertise might say. A fresh perspective usually has something to learn, but at that high level of engagement and impressions it is impossible to validate it or even spot it amongst a sea of noise. I think it is important to not become callous to feedback coming from "laymans' " (aka uneducated, inexperienced)
  19. @GrayzBDF: EXTREMELY important topic. I realised this WITHOUT ever needing to reach your level of experiences. I learned this by observing others and the very many traps they'd get pulled into. This is the reason I have zero tolerance for many behaviours or even signs of those behaviours. Blocking and ignoring is godsent on the internet

Why? I do NOT fk around, I focus on what I WANT at a level that many would view as fanatism on a religious level. But my absolute obsession to hyperfocus on what I want is exactly how I've caught so many dreams for 3 decades.

This was the trap that got Zack stuck in drama these past years AFTER making a video about using his 2nd channel for chilling out. He did the exact opposite of what he was aiming to do and now the dramas just keep going and growing over time. I'll see if I can come up with a strat to change that for him by X% in the far future. Time tells. But that is far from a top priority although I made sure to write my ideas down

Good luck to all! Find your path while learning from others and PRODUCE creatively. Peace
  20. @shprman: havent seen the video but id say nice title devin

- This ONE YouTube Mistake Stops Videos From Going Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered why some YouTubers get millions of views from just one video while others keep uploading for years and still struggle? Is going viral on YouTube just luck or is there a hidden formula behind it? The truth is creators who go viral are not more talented than you. The big question is virality luck or is there a precise formula? We'll uncover that today. Viral creators simply understand how the YouTube algorithm works. It's a system and they know the rules. In today's video, I'm going to reveal seven secrets that can help any small creator go viral. Understanding these tricks might change your life forever. Let's start with the fundamental question. Why does YouTube push some videos to millions of people? YouTube doesn't care about making creators famous. It only cares about keeping viewers happy. If people engage, YouTube thinks the video is interesting and pushes it to more viewers. Here's the biggest mistake 90% of creators make. They create videos they personally like instead of creating what their audience actually wants to watch. Remember this, the creators who understand audience psychology are the ones who grow fast on YouTube. Focus on the viewers needs and desires. Now for secret number two, the hook. A weak hook is the fastest way to kill your video. Today, people's attention span is extremely short. If the first 5 seconds of your video are boring, viewers will instantly swipe away. Don't open with a boring, "Hey guys, welcome back to another video," style greeting. It tells YouTube the video isn't engaging. Instead, use a strong hook like, "One mistake that is secretly killing your YouTube growth." This creates curiosity, which is the biggest weapon of viral video. Secret number three focuses on what happens after the hook, retention. Most people think views are everything, but in reality, YouTube promotes watch time. If people watch your video until the end, YouTube pushes it harder. Successful creators use techniques like changing camera angles, adding zoom effects, using sound effects, and making fast cuts to prevent viewers from getting bored. Here's a secret. Every 5 to 7 seconds, something new should happen. A new visual, a new emotion, or a new piece of information. Boring videos are the biggest enemy of the algorithm. Finally, let's talk about the most important part of getting viral, your thumbnail and title. The truth is, even an amazing video can fail if the thumbnail is weak. People notice the thumbnail first and decide whether to click or ignore. A powerful thumbnail needs three things: emotion, curiosity, and simplicity. Avoid adding too much text. The best thumbnails say less and create more curiosity. A great title should create a question inside the viewer's mind. Think this trick changed my life. Or YouTube algorithm secret exposed. Remember, getting the click is the first battle. Apply these seven secrets to make your next video go viral.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoldenCrazyMusic [3 likes]: Good video for new creater ❤
  2. @poojameghwal-t7h [3 likes]: Nice informative videos for creater
  3. @OrthoElectiveOT [2 likes]: super informative video hai shoud watch new creaters

- I SUED THE SCHOOL SYSTEM (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Albert Einstein once said Everybody's a genius, but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree It will live it's whole life believing That it is stupid Ladies and gentlemen of the jury today on trial. We have Modern-day schooling Glad you could come not only does he make fish climb trees, but also makes them climb down and do it [10-mile] run Tell me school. Are you proud of the things you've done? Turning millions of people into robots. Do you find that fun? Do you realize how many kids relate to that fish swimming upstream in class never finding their gifts thinking? They are stupid believing. They are useless. Well the time has come no more excuses [I] call school to the stand and accuse him of killing creativity Individuality and being intellectually abusive. He's an ancient institution that has outlived his usage So your honor this concludes my opening statement, and if I may present the evidence of my case, I will prove it Proceed exhibit a here's a Modern day [phone] recognize it Here's a fall from 150 years ago big difference right stay with me Here's a car from today and here's a car from 150 years ago big difference right. Well get this, here's a classroom of today, and here's a class we use 150 Years ago Now ain't that a shame and literally more than a century nothing has changed yet. You claim to prepare students for the future?! But what evidence like that? I must ask do you prepare students for the future or the past? I did a background check on you and let the record show that you were made to train people to work in factories Which explains why you put students in straight roles nice and neat tell them sit still raise your hand if you want to speak give 'em a short break to eat and for eight hours a day tell him what to think. Oh! and make them compete to get an [A]. A letter which Determines product quality hits great a of meat. I get it back then times were different. We all have a past I myself am no Gandhi, but today We don't need to make robots-zombies. The world has progressed and now we need people who think creatively innovatively critically independently with the ability to connect See every scientist will tell you that no two brains are the same and every parent with two or more children will confirm that claim So please explain why you treat students like cookie cutter frames or snapback hats giving them this one-size-Fits-all crap [Judge: Watch your Language] Sorry your honor but if a doctor prescribed the exact same medicine to all of his patients The results will be tragic so many people would get sick yet when it comes to school. This is exactly what happens this Educational malpractice where one teacher stands in front of 20 kids each one having different strains different needs different Gifts different dreams and you teach the same thing the same way. That's horrific. Ladies and gentlemen the defendant should not be acquitted this may be one of the worst criminal offenses ever To be committed and let's mention the way you treat your employees Objection overruled. [Judge:I want to hear this]. It's a shame Mean teachers have the most important job on the planet yet. They're underpaid No wonder so many students are short change let's be honest Teachers should earn just as much as doctors because a doctor can do heart surgery and save the life of a kid But a great teacher can reach the heart of that kid and allow him to truly live See teachers are heroes that often get blamed, but they're not the problem. They work in a system without many options on the wrights curriculums are created by policy [makers] most of which have never taught a day in their life just obsessed with Standardized tests they think bubbling in a multiple-choice question will determine Success that's Outlandish in fact these tests are too crude to be used and [should] be abandoned But don't take my word for it. Take Frederick J Kelley the man who invented standardized testing who said, and i quote, And I hoped these tests are too crude to be used and should be abandoned ladies and gentlemen of the jury If we continue down this road the results will be Lethal I don't have much faith in school, but I do have faith in people And if we can customize health care, cars and Facebook pages, then it is our duty to do the same for education to upgrade and change and do away with school spirit 'cuz that's useless unless we're working to bring the spirit out of each and every student that should be our task no more common core instead Let's reach the core of every heart in every class sure math is important, but no more than art or dance Let's give every gift an equal chance I know this sounds like a dream but countries like Finland are doing impressive things they have shorter school days, teachers make a decent wage homework is Non-existent and they focus on collaboration Instead of competition, but here's the kicker boys and girls their educational system outperforms every other country in the world. Other places like Singapore, succeeding rapidly schools like Montessori programs like Khan academy there is no single solution But let's get moving because while students may be 20% of our population They are 100% of our future so let's attend to their dreams. There's no telling where we can achieve This is a world in which I believe a world where fish are no longer forced to climb trees I rest my case. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeeShrek-x9i [2 likes]: 9 years. nothing has changed
  2. @DemonGardens [2 likes]: Try telling that to a COCKROACH WHO GETS TO SCREW ANYTHING HE WANTS
  3. @DeveloperArhamAli [1 likes]: 9 years gone. Nothing changed.
  4. @V8Viraj1-e5n7s [1 likes]: 9 years have passed 
still nothing has changed
  5. @thunderstar_x [1 likes]: Thanxxx for believing me that I can do anything is this world and I gonna fuc# out of this school system thanx for supporting me
  6. @JaSamFora [1 likes]: 10 Years has passed...
but...






nothing changed...







this guy deserved to be president and he will always do and he should be...
  7. @TrầnNguyễnAnhThư-h6g [1 likes]: The best no beat rap ever been created🥵
  8. @MalingaSilvester [1 likes]: You have mentioned points 
Now u are now my mentor
  9. @StarAquarius1 [1 likes]: That’s what I keep saying I don’t know wtf teachers are so underrated and underpaid - it’s the most unfair unjust BS it makes no sense in anyway!!! :/
  10. @_-_LEGEND_-_: Crude, finland
  11. @FroggySlasherCringe59: Holy rhyming
  12. @AaronRoss-g1k: ie buiness school needs to leran to do bettert
  13. @Aurelite.mp4: This video was posted 9 years ago and school still didn't change 😢
  14. @ShandreaX-n6h: Shandrea❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @Arameyob-u6t: it`s 2026
  16. @CLIPPZ322: It’s 2026
  17. @thelais_chips: I’m in the 7th grade. Most of my teachers either give us busy work or work that’s to hard for us. I’ve always been a smart student, we that’s what I thought up until the fifth grade. All my peers seemed to understand the lessons being tought but i didn’t  and I felt really dumb for the first time in my life. Back then, i was in school basically 10 hours a day. 6 hours in school, 4 hours trying to reteach myself and then do the homework. It wasn’t until the next school year I realized it wasn’t me, it was the teaching methods of my old teacher. Not everyone was good at the stuff being taught but the 6th grade teacher made sure the one who didn’t understand were retaught in a different way. I’m in 7th grade now and I help kids after school who feel the same. Although it’s nice to be a peer tutor, this shouldn’t be my job. It should be the schools. End of my rant.
  18. @fatimahussain9230: 9 Years later and nothing has changed
  19. @RiditGhosh: why is 2026 written????????
  20. @NickoHudley: Schools are not "broken" everywhere - many are improving.

Teachers aren't trying to "kill creativity"; most are doing their best with limited resources.

The video makes it sound like school never changes, but change is happening slowly (new tech, new teaching styles, mental-health support, career programs).

It ignores the fact that schools also teach important skills: reading, writing, teamwork, problem-solving.

- Do schools kill creativity? | Sir Ken Robinson | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. How are you? (Audience) Good. It's been great, hasn't it? I've been blown away by the whole thing. In fact, I'm leaving. (Laughter) There have been three themes running through the conference, which are relevant to what I want to talk about. One is the extraordinary evidence of human creativity in all of the presentations that we've had and in all of the people here; just the variety of it and the range of it. The second is that it's put us in a place where we have no idea what's going to happen in terms of the future. No idea how this may play out. I have an interest in education. Actually, what I find is, everybody has an interest in education. Don't you? I find this very interesting. If you're at a dinner party, and you say you work in education -- actually, you're not often at dinner parties, frankly. If you work in education, you're not asked. And you're never asked back, curiously. That's strange to me. But if you are, and you say to somebody, you know, they say, "What do you do?" and you say you work in education, you can see the blood run from their face. They're like, "Oh my God. Why me?" "My one night out all week." But if you ask about their education, they pin you to the wall, because it's one of those things that goes deep with people, am I right? Like religion and money and other things. So I have a big interest in education, and I think we all do. We have a huge vested interest in it, partly because it's education that's meant to take us into this future that we can't grasp. If you think of it, children starting school this year will be retiring in 2065. Nobody has a clue, despite all the expertise that's been on parade for the past four days, what the world will look like in five years' time. And yet, we're meant to be educating them for it. So the unpredictability, I think, is extraordinary. And the third part of this is that we've all agreed, nonetheless, on the really extraordinary capacities that children have -- their capacities for innovation. I mean, Sirena last night was a marvel, wasn't she? Just seeing what she could do. And she's exceptional, but I think she's not, so to speak, exceptional in the whole of childhood. What you have there is a person of extraordinary dedication who found a talent. And my contention is, all kids have tremendous talents, and we squander them, pretty ruthlessly. So I want to talk about education, and I want to talk about creativity. My contention is that creativity now is as important in education as literacy, and we should treat it with the same status. (Applause) Thank you. That was it, by the way. Thank you very much. So, 15 minutes left. "Well, I was born ... " I heard a great story recently -- I love telling it -- of a little girl who was in a drawing lesson. She was six, and she was at the back, drawing, and the teacher said this girl hardly ever paid attention, and in this drawing lesson, she did. The teacher was fascinated. She went over to her, and she said, "What are you drawing?" And the girl said, "I'm drawing a picture of God." And the teacher said, "But nobody knows what God looks like." "They will in a minute." When my son was four in England -- actually, he was four everywhere, to be honest. If we're being strict about it, wherever he went, he was four that year. He was in the Nativity play. Do you remember the story? No, it was big, it was a big story. Mel Gibson did the sequel, you may have seen it. "Nativity II." But James got the part of Joseph, which we were thrilled about. We considered this to be one of the lead parts. We had the place crammed full of agents in T-shirts: "James Robinson IS Joseph!" He didn't have to speak, but you know the bit where the three kings come in? They come in bearing gifts, gold, frankincense and myrrh. This really happened. We were sitting there, and I think they just went out of sequence, because we talked to the little boy afterward and said, "You OK with that?" They said, "Yeah, why? Was that wrong?" They just switched. The three boys came in, four-year-olds with tea towels on their heads. They put these boxes down, and the first boy said, "I bring you gold." And the second boy said, "I bring you myrrh." And the third boy said, "Frank sent this." What these things have in common is that kids will take a chance. If they don't know, they'll have a go. Am I right? They're not frightened of being wrong. I don't mean to say that being wrong is the same thing as being creative. What we do know is, if you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original -- if you're not prepared to be wrong. And by the time they get to be adults, most kids have lost that capacity. They have become And we run our companies like this. We stigmatize mistakes. And we're now running national education systems where mistakes are the worst thing you can make. And the result is that we are educating people out of their creative capacities. Picasso once said this, he said that all children are born artists. The problem is to remain an artist as we grow up. I believe this passionately, that we don't grow into creativity, we grow out of it. Or rather, we get educated out of it. So why is this? I lived in Stratford-on-Avon until about five years ago. In fact, we moved from Stratford to Los Angeles. So you can imagine what a seamless transition this was. Actually, we lived in a place called Snitterfield, just outside Stratford, which is where Shakespeare's father was born. Are you struck by a new thought? I was. You don't think of Shakespeare having a father, do you? Do you? Because you don't think of Shakespeare being a child, do you? Shakespeare being seven? I never thought of it. I mean, he was seven at some point. He was in somebody's English class, wasn't he? How annoying would that be? "Must try harder." Being sent to bed by his dad, to Shakespeare, "Go to bed, now!" To William Shakespeare. "And put the pencil down!" "And stop speaking like that." "It's confusing everybody." Anyway, we moved from Stratford to Los Angeles, and I just want to say a word about the transition. Actually, my son didn't want to come. I've got two kids; he's 21 now, my daughter's 16. He didn't want to come to Los Angeles. He loved it, but he had a girlfriend in England. This was the love of his life, Sarah. He'd known her for a month. Mind you, they'd had their fourth anniversary, because it's a long time when you're 16. He was really upset on the plane. He said, "I'll never find another girl like Sarah." And we were rather pleased about that, frankly -- because she was the main reason we were leaving the country. But something strikes you when you move to America and travel around the world: every education system on earth has the same hierarchy of subjects. Every one. Doesn't matter where you go. You'd think it would be otherwise, but it isn't. At the top are mathematics and languages, then the humanities. At the bottom are the arts. Everywhere on earth. And in pretty much every system, too, there's a hierarchy within the arts. Art and music are normally given a higher status in schools than drama and dance. There isn't an education system on the planet that teaches dance every day to children the way we teach them mathematics. Why? Why not? I think this is rather important. I think math is very important, but so is dance. Children dance all the time if they're allowed to, we all do. We all have bodies, don't we? Did I miss a meeting? Truthfully, what happens is, as children grow up, we start to educate them progressively from the waist up. And then we focus on their heads. And slightly to one side. If you were to visit education as an alien and say "What's it for, public education?" I think you'd have to conclude, if you look at the output, who really succeeds by this, who does everything they should, who gets all the brownie points, who are the winners -- I think you'd have to conclude the whole purpose of public education throughout the world is to produce university professors. Isn't it? They're the people who come out the top. And I used to be one, so there. And I like university professors, but, you know, we shouldn't hold them up as the high-water mark of all human achievement. They're just a form of life. Another form of life. But they're rather curious. And I say this out of affection for them: there's something curious about professors. In my experience -- not all of them, but typically -- they live in their heads. They live up there and slightly to one side. They're disembodied, you know, in a kind of literal way. They look upon their body as a form of transport for their heads. Don't they? It's a way of getting their head to meetings. If you want real evidence of out-of-body experiences, by the way, get yourself along to a residential conference of senior academics and pop into the discotheque on the final night. And there, you will see it. Grown men and women writhing uncontrollably, off the beat. Waiting until it ends, so they can go home and write a paper about it. Our education system is predicated on the idea of academic ability. And there's a reason. Around the world, there were no public systems of education, really, before the 19th century. They all came into being to meet the needs of industrialism. So the hierarchy is rooted on two ideas. Number one, that the most useful subjects for work are at the top. So you were probably steered benignly away from things at school when you were a kid, things you liked, on the grounds you would never get a job doing that. Is that right? "Don't do music, you're not going to be a musician; don't do art, you won't be an artist." Benign advice -- now, profoundly mistaken. The whole world is engulfed in a revolution. And the second is academic ability, which has really come to dominate our view of intelligence, because the universities design the system in their image. the whole system of public education around the world is a protracted process of university entrance. And the consequence is that many highly talented, brilliant, creative people think they're not, because the thing they were good at at school wasn't valued, or was actually stigmatized. And I think we can't afford to go on that way. In the next 30 years, according to UNESCO, more people worldwide will be graduating through education than since the beginning of history. More people. And it's the combination of all the things we've talked about: technology and its transformational effect on work, and demography and the huge explosion in population. Suddenly, degrees aren't worth anything. Isn't that true? When I was a student, if you had a degree, you had a job. If you didn't have a job, it's because you didn't want one. And I didn't want one, frankly. But now kids with degrees are often heading home to carry on playing video games, because you need an MA where the previous job required a BA, and now you need a PhD for the other. It's a process of academic inflation. And it indicates the whole structure of education is shifting beneath our feet. We need to radically rethink our view of intelligence. We know three things about intelligence. One, it's diverse. We think about the world in all the ways that we experience it. We think visually, we think in sound, we think kinesthetically. We think in abstract terms, we think in movement. Secondly, intelligence is dynamic. If you look at the interactions of a human brain, as we heard yesterday from a number of presentations, intelligence is wonderfully interactive. The brain isn't divided into compartments. In fact, creativity -- which I define as the process of having original ideas that have value -- more often than not comes about through the interaction of different disciplinary ways of seeing things. By the way, there's a shaft of nerves that joins the two halves of the brain, called the corpus callosum. It's thicker in women. Following off from Helen yesterday, this is probably why women are better at multitasking. Because you are, aren't you? There's a raft of research, but I know it from my personal life. If my wife is cooking a meal at home, which is not often ... thankfully. No, she's good at some things. But if she's cooking, she's dealing with people on the phone, she's talking to the kids, she's painting the ceiling -- she's doing open-heart surgery over here. If I'm cooking, the door is shut, the kids are out, the phone's on the hook, if she comes in, I get annoyed. I say, "Terry, please, I'm trying to fry an egg in here." "Give me a break." Actually, do you know that old philosophical thing, "If a tree falls in a forest, and nobody hears it, did it happen?" Remember that old chestnut? I saw a great T-shirt recently, which said, "If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong?" And the third thing about intelligence is, it's distinct. I'm doing a new book at the moment called "Epiphany," which is based on a series of interviews with people about how they discovered their talent. I'm fascinated by how people got to be there. It's really prompted by a conversation I had with a wonderful woman who maybe most people have never heard of, Gillian Lynne. Have you heard of her? Some have. She's a choreographer, and everybody knows her work. She did "Cats" and "Phantom of the Opera." She's wonderful. I used to be on the board of The Royal Ballet, as you can see. Gillian and I had lunch one day. I said, "How did you get to be a dancer?" It was interesting. When she was at school, she was really hopeless. And the school, in the '30s, wrote to her parents and said, "We think Gillian has a learning disorder." She couldn't concentrate; she was fidgeting. I think now they'd say she had ADHD. Wouldn't you? But this was the 1930s, and ADHD hadn't been invented at this point. It wasn't an available condition. People weren't aware they could have that. Anyway, she went to see this specialist. So, this oak-paneled room, and she was there with her mother, and she was led and sat on this chair at the end, and she sat on her hands for 20 minutes, while this man talked to her mother about all the problems Gillian was having at school, because she was disturbing people, her homework was always late, and so on. Little kid of eight. In the end, the doctor went and sat next to Gillian and said, "I've listened to all these things your mother's told me. I need to speak to her privately. Wait here. We'll be back. We won't be very long," and they went and left her. But as they went out of the room, he turned on the radio that was sitting on his desk. And when they got out of the room, he said to her mother, "Just stand and watch her." And the minute they left the room, she was on her feet, moving to the music. And they watched for a few minutes, and he turned to her mother and said, "Mrs. Lynne, Gillian isn't sick. She's a dancer. Take her to a dance school." I said, "What happened?" She said, "She did. I can't tell you how wonderful it was. We walked in this room, and it was full of people like me -- people who couldn't sit still, people who had to move to think." Who had to move to think. They did ballet, they did tap, jazz; they did modern; they did contemporary. She was eventually auditioned for the Royal Ballet School. She became a soloist; she had a wonderful career at the Royal Ballet. She eventually graduated from the Royal Ballet School, founded the Gillian Lynne Dance Company, met Andrew Lloyd Webber. She's been responsible for some of the most successful musical theater productions in history, she's given pleasure to millions, and she's a multimillionaire. Somebody else might have put her on medication and told her to calm down. What I think it comes to is this: Al Gore spoke the other night about ecology and the revolution that was triggered by Rachel Carson. I believe our only hope for the future is to adopt a new conception of human ecology, one in which we start to reconstitute our conception of the richness of human capacity. Our education system has mined our minds in the way that we strip-mine the earth for a particular commodity. And for the future, it won't serve us. We have to rethink the fundamental principles on which we're educating our children. There was a wonderful quote by Jonas Salk, who said, "If all the insects were to disappear from the Earth, within 50 years, all life on Earth would end. If all human beings disappeared from the Earth, all forms of life would flourish." And he's right. What TED celebrates is the gift of the human imagination. We have to be careful now that we use this gift wisely, and that we avert some of the scenarios that we've talked about. And the only way we'll do it is by seeing our creative capacities for the richness they are and seeing our children for the hope that they are. And our task is to educate their whole being, so they can face this future. By the way -- we may not see this future, but they will. And our job is to help them make something of it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @1Enfant.1Vie [82 likes]: Anyone in May 2026
  2. @objectivitylove [2 likes]: He's dead right, loads of people agree with him, unfortunately no politicians. This is because the powers that be are actually the super-rich who just want drones to make money for them. The worse thing is that people don't realise they've been programmed to defend the system they've been produced by
  3. @RehanaGul-pb8pu [1 likes]: Honestly,
If schools  taught childrens with fun and joy along with learning ,we wouldn't be thinking of learning as a DIFFICULT THING 
In my school , my physics teacher also teaches the way he did like adding jokes ,stories from personal experience alongside teaching and believe me its really easy for me to understand the concepts of his subject and i really enjoy learning and gaining knowledge about his subject
  4. @AprilBlackerby [1 likes]: School killed my love for reading.
  5. @kingalf4828 [1 likes]: Brilliant men like this talk and it falls on deaf ears.
  6. @honeysucklewoes1627 [1 likes]: 19 years ago, millions of views, and we still haven't  been able to change the creativity stifling nature of education.
  7. @kitalabo [1 likes]: here 19 years later
  8. @CodegarBaba: 13:55 😬
  9. @husnachowdhury749: I'm 19 years old but the video was created when I was born
  10. @werqov.1: Bfbf
  11. @xf-ne4iy: que los americanos no saben la de escuchar al que habla?????, rien por cada palabra que dice y no lo dejan hablar ☠️☠️☠️
  12. @SwervB1: And nothing has changed . We lost a brilliant man. This is still very relevant. We now have world leaders who can't pronounce words properly or do math.
  13. @マイケルジョーンズ-h9f: Hi
  14. @FuriousCadlle: 14:52 its been a while since I laughed at an old white man's joke
  15. @bukhosingwenya5364: Still here in 2026.
  16. @incomeguaranteed716: ❤ ❤️ ❤️
  17. @atsao211: “Terri please, I’m trying to fry an egg here.”😂🤣
  18. @carloscamperos4839: Great talk. But the audience laughter is so annoying
  19. @doritahenriques3641: Well done 1000 times 🙏 I am on my 77-year, not British born, but I have lived in uk since 1968. All I have as far as education goes is 3 and half years primary school.  I have lived my life the best I could master, married twice, and 2 daughters from the first marriage. I have enjoyed your talk tremendously, and I agree with what you said 100% 
Unfortunately, I haven't got around to going to school in the uk to learn the English language yet!  ❤
  20. @phoebedonaldson3211: “The consequence is that many highly talented, brilliant, creative people - think they’re not.
Because the thing they were good at, at school - wasn’t valued or was actually stigmatised”

- How I Overcame Failure | Jack Ma | 馬雲/马云: Kind: captions Language: th ผมไม่เคยมีพ่อรวย ผมพยายามเข้าเรียนในมหาวิทยาลัย 3 ครั้ง แต่ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด ผมสมัครเรียนที่มหาวิทยาลัยฮาวาร์ด 10 ครั้ง ล้มเหลวทั้งหมด พวกเขาไม่ต้องการจะเจอผม ครั้งสุดท้าย ผมไปหาอาจารย์ที่มหาวิทยาลัยโดยหวังว่าพวกเขาจะพิจารณาอีกสักครั้ง 3 ใน 4 ของเพื่อนในเมืองเดียวกับผม ดังนั้นผมจึงไปผมสมัครงาน 30 ครั้ง แต่ก็ถูกปฏิเสธ มันยากมากเลยในตอนนั้น ผมรู้สึกอึดอัดมาก เพราผมสอนในมหาวิทยาลัยด้วย ค่าจ้างของผมคือ 10 ดอลล่า ต่อเดือน เพราะผมไม่สามารถหางานที่ดีกว่านี้ได้แล้ว ในปี 1994 ผมจึงคิดจะทำบางสิ่งที่รียกว่า อินเตอร์เน็ต และ 23 คนของพวกเขาก็ต่อต้านแนวคิดนี้ พวกเขาคิดว่ามันเป็นความคิดที่ไร้สาระ 'พวกเราไม่เคยได้ยินเรื่องอินเตอร์เน็ตมาก่อนและคุณก็ไม่รู้อะไรเกี่ยวกับคอมพิวเตอร์เลย' และผมก็ไม่เคยคิดว่าผมฉลาด ไม่มีใครเชื่อว่าผมจะประสบความสำเร็จ เพราะทุกคนบอกว่า ผู้ชายคนนี้คิอต่างและบ้าไปแล้ว คุณรู้อะไรไหม เขาจะคิดบางที่ไม่มีมีทางเป็นไปได้ ผมพยายามยืมเงิน 3000 ดอลล่าจากธนาคาร มันใช้เวลาถึง 3 เดือนแต่ผมก็ไม่ได้รับมัน ผมหาผู้ร่วมทุน 30 ถึง 40 คน ทุกคนตอบว่า "ไม่" ลืมมันไปซะ ผู้คนมากมายบอกว่า อาลิบาบา เป็นรูปแบบที่ห่วยมากๆ แต่ผมพูดว่า ผมเชื่อมัน และวันนึงมันจะเติบใหญ่ได้ ถ้าเรายังคงทำงานกันต่อไป ผมไม่เคยคิด่ามันจะใหญ่ได้เท่าทุกวันนี้ แต่ผมเชื่อว่าบางอย่างกำลังรอผมอยู่ตรงนั้น และผมต้องทำงานอย่างหนักเพื่อพิสูจน์ตัวเอง นั่นเป็นประสบการณ์ที่หนักหน่วง ดังนั้นเราจึงรวบรวม 5 หมื่นดอลล่า จาก 18 ผู้ก่อตั้ง พวกเราได้เริ่มแล้ว ใน 3 ปีแรก พวกเราไม่มีกำไรแม้แต่ 1 ดอลล่า ในการทำธุรกิจของพวกเรา มันไม่ใช่เรื่องง่ายเลย คุณไม่ได้เงินสักนิดเลย คุณได้ถูกร้องเรียน และแน่นอนคุณยังไม่ได้สร้างอะไรเลย นั่นและคือ อินเตอร์เน็ต ใช่แล้ว แต่นั่นคือประเด็นหรือ คุณเป็นเศรษฐีเงินล้านเหรอ ตอนนี้เหรอ ไม่ใช่หรอก คุณอยากเป็นมั้ย ว่าไงดีล่ะ ใช่ๆ ผมหวัง แต่ทำไมผมถึงยังทำมันต่อไปล่ะ เพราะผมได้รับอีเมลขอบคุณมากมายจากลูกค้า พวกเขาบอกว่านี่เป็นสิ่งที่ยอดเยี่ยม พวกเราไม่สามารถจ่ายเป็นเงินให้คุณได้ แต่มันช่วยพวกเราไว้อย่างมาก "ถ้าคุณยังเดินหน้าช่วยเหลือพวกเราต่อไป วันนึงคุณจะประสบความสำเร็จ" และผมก็เชื่อแบบนั้น ทีละน้อยทีละนิด ค่อยๆสร้างธุรกิจของเรา ทีละน้อยทีละนิดค่อยสร้างระบบเศรษฐกิจของเรา และโครงสร้างพื้นฐานอื่นๆ และตอนนี้หลังจากนั้น 16 ปี พวกเรากลุ่มบริษัทอาลิบาบา พวกเรามีกลุ่ม ที-มอล พวกเรามีกลุ่ม เทาเบา พวกเรามีอาลิเพย์ และผู้คนต่างบอกว่าพวกเรา ฉลาด คุณสร้างบริษัทเหล่านี้ขึ้นมาได้อย่างไร บิล เกท วอเรน บัพเฟท แจ๊ค เวลช์ แลรี่ เพจ มาร์ค ซัคเคอเบิร์ก ความแตกต่างระหว่างผู้คนเหล่านี้และคนอื่นๆ พวกเขาต่างมองอนาคตในแง่ดีเสมอ พวกเขาไม่เคยบ่น พวกเขาพยายามจะแก้ปัญหาให้ผู้อื่นเสมอ เมื่อคุณมองโลกในแง่ดี นั่นคือโอกาสเสมอ ผู้คนมักจะพูดสิ่งเดียวกันเสมอ "แจ๊ค โอกาสอยู่ที่ไหนล่ะ?" "ผมไม่มีงาน ผมไม่มีนั่น ผมไม่มีนี่" สมบัติที่วิเศษที่สุดที่คุณมีคือคุณยังหนุ่ม อย่าบ่น จงปล่อยให้คนอื่นบ่น โอกาสจะวางรออยู่ตรงนั้นเสมอเมื่อผู้อื่นบ่น คิดถึงวิธีที่จะทำให้เกิดสิ่งที่แตกต่าง และเมื่อคุณคิดถึง จงเริ่มลงมือทำ ผมเห็นผู้คนมากมาย คนหนุ่มสาว เกิดความคิดที่น่าอัศจรรย์ในทุกๆค่ำคืน แต่ในตอนเช้า พวกเขาก็ไปทำงาน เหมือนเดิมทุกวัน ถ้าคุณอยากเป็นผู้ประกอบการจริงๆ คุณต้องลงมือทำก่อนที่ผู้อื่นจะเริ่มทำ คุณต้องตื่นก่อนที่คนอื่นๆจะตื่นขึ้น คุณต้องมีความกล้ามากกว่าผู้อื่น เมื่อผมยังหนุ่ม ผมเดินทางไปทะเลสาปฮันโจวตะวันตก ที่นั่นมีโรงแรมที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมากมายเข้ามาพัก และทุกวันเวลา 5 โมงเช้า ผมไปที่นั่น เพื่อไปฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ เมื่อนักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติมา ผมก็ฝึกภาษาอังกฤษ ตอนนั้นผมก็ไม่รู้ว่าทำไม แต่ผมก็ค้นพบทุกสิ่ง สิ่งที่นักท่องเที่ยวชาวต่างชาติบอกผม มันช่างแตกต่างกัน กับสื่อที่พ่อแม่ผมบอก สิ่งที่ครูสอน และสิ่งที่ผมได้อ่านจากหนังสือพิมพ์ ดังนั้นผมจึงคิดทุกอย่างเองจากสมองของผม ใช้สมองของคุณคิด สำหรับทุกๆคน พรุ่งนี้คือวันใหม่เสมอ จงเคลื่อนไหว จงลงมือทำ ไม่ว่านักลงทุนจะเชื่อมันหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าเพื่อนของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ ไม่ว่าพ่อแม่ของคุณจะเชื่อหรือไม่ นั่นไม่สำคัญ คุณเชื่อ ทีมงานของคุณเชื่อ และทำใช้วลาทั้งกลางวันและกลางคืนทำมัน สร้างความผิดพลาดให้มากพอ เมื่อคุณล้มเหลว คุณก็ยืนขึ้น ถ้าคุณอยากจะทำงานเพื่อตนเอง จงนึกถึงผู้อื่น เพราะเพียงแค่ผู้อื่น ประสบความสำเร็จ เมื่อคนอื่นๆมีความสุข คุณก็จะสำเร็จ คุณก็จะมีความสุข อย่ากังวลเรื่องเงิน เงินมันวิ่งตามคน ผู้คนควรวิ่งตามความฝัน เมื่อคุณมีความฝัน แค่ลุยกับมัน

  Top Comments:
  1. @mathissuck-10d [8 likes]: Be optimistic
I don't complain 
I am young
I promise to myself make the move make action
Get up from failure
Never lose hope
  2. @larkspur_july2 [4 likes]: Anybody who is read my comment kindly like it .



Because my will power betrays me alot ... and if you like my comment it will pop up and i will smile ❤❤
  3. @PiqDrop-App [3 likes]: When I feel like given up. I just come back to listen to this video.! Thanks!
  4. @herroyal.agency [2 likes]: This is so inspiring. WOW. I am proud of you Jack Ma!! Your story literally gave me chills - always believe in yourself <3
  5. @RealGFastlaner [2 likes]: If it wasn't for the government Jack Ma would be richer than Elon Musk
  6. @sheilanangira [2 likes]: He is a Wonderful person 💝.
Thank you for sharing your story and inspiring us always 😮.
It's like I am walking the same journey as Jackma 😅.
I will never give up because I am building a story and testimony 😅.
  7. @SeechatChanalai [1 likes]: ขโมยไอเดียเก่ง (แก้วน้ำ) ชาวต่างชาติรู้ความลับของเรา อยู่เบื้องหลังผลงาน
  8. @IsaacTyoumbur [1 likes]: I think this is the guy we should follow ❤
  9. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Inspiring.
  10. @maneeshahooja [1 likes]: Thank you.
  11. @mawanthadeeganu4986 [1 likes]: I tried too✨️
  12. @shahidAkhtarkhan-n5o [1 likes]: This time jack ma os a very beautiful 🤪
  13. @KAGconcerts [1 likes]: Wow!
  14. @ApexMindsets-e9j: great
  15. @ZonadeBuscadoresdelaVerdad950: Great Knowledge
  16. @247Empowerment: This was so powerful! 💡
  17. @EliteTalks313: ❤❤❤
  18. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:50 ❤
  19. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 4:00 😮
  20. @Yasiraltafbhatkashmiri: 3:45

- Food Influencer Faces Backlash After Controversial Spicy Bowl Videos Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Right. So, I'm actually going to start this video off with a bit of a pre-warning because sometimes I get comments on these videos from people saying that they like to watch these videos whilst they're eating. And I do just want to warn you, you might want to finish your food first because trust me, if there was ever going to be a topic in one of these videos that has a good chance of ruining your appetite, it's definitely this one. But one thing I will say before we get any further, I'm not actually going to show anyone eating throughout this video because I know when I've shown like a food review type video previously, there have been some comments from people saying they don't like seeing people eat on video. And we really don't need to see anyone actually eating food in this video. So, just to let you know, I'm not actually going to show anyone eating if that is something that bothers you. But you will see what they're going to eat in the video. And that is the the worrying part about all of this. But either way, let me actually explain what's going on here, right? So, there's a good chance that you will have heard of spicy balls before. They're very popular on Tik Tok. This is just a video example. It's got about a million views. I believe it's like pickles and like sausages and banana peppers and pickled eggs and maybe some other stuff. But either way, like I just mentioned, they're very popular on Tik Tok, but most of the time when people are making videos involving spicy balls, they're just trying them and like giving their thoughts. I mean, as a quick example, we have a video here from a user called Maisha Eats. And yeah, like I mentioned, most spicy bowl videos are just straight up like food reviews. >> All right, y'all. We got us a spicy bowl from What's the Tea? So, we going to see what's the Tea. Ooh, y'all look at that. Wow. Y'all, are you supposed to eat this room temperature or cold? So, yeah, Maisha goes on to eat the food. She gives her thoughts. You know, your usual like Tik Tok food review video. And that's exactly what most Spicy Bolt videos are like. In fact, that is what most food reviews on Tik Tok are like. But one user who has uploaded a bunch of videos involving spicy balls recently that are definitely unique is actually Arhri. And to be fair, if you do actually look at Ari's older videos, she has got some food reviews uploaded which are like your normal food reviews. Okay, so look, if you're in Indianapolis, Indiana, you need to look out for this pink truck. This is the Cavity Factory. She has different flavors every week and they're all so so good. And the best part about it is it's pink. She be going crazy like you got to check it out. But throughout this month, Arya's decided to take a bit of a different approach when it comes to food videos. So, a few weeks ago, Ari actually uploaded this video where one of her friends, I believe, is eating a spicy bowl, but it's a rotisserie chicken spicy ball, I believe she calls it. >> Back at it. We got the rotisserie spicy butter. Way to Midwest way. What we thinking with it >> know you got to do the extra sauce on top. >> So, yeah, an interesting combination to say the least. And I think because it is a interesting combination, the video ends up going viral, right? It's about a million views as I'm recording this right now. And I think Ari saw that this video did like very well and thought, you know what? I'm going to do more videos like this, except they're going to get more unique each video. So, in one of the next videos that Ari uploads, she is recording someone eating a spicy ball out of her shoe. Again, I'm not going to show any eating parts throughout this, but I'm going to play the beginning so you can see what the video is. >> She want her in the shoe. She ain't playing no game. She don't care what y'all talking about. What up, >> y'all? We got the octopus with the loaded spicy ball. Y'all ain't never seen a spicy ball Converse before. >> So, yeah, the rest of the video is just her friend, I believe, eating the the spicy bowl out of her shoe. Now, there are a lot of videos that Ara has uploaded this month of these kind of unique ways of eating spicy balls. I don't really know how else to describe it. So, because there's so many, I'm going to go through them kind of quick, right? In fact, this whole like niche, if you will, has got so popular that Arya started doing collabs with this style of video. Like, for example, Arya uploaded a video of a user called DLG Inc. Studio who is a tattoo artist. And in this video, this tattoo artist decides to eat a spicy bowl out of a toilet. >> So, what's ball >> behind you? What you mean, >> baby? Y'all ain't never seen a spicy ball in a toilet, baby. This is toilet bowling to feed me a bowl out toilet. >> Yeah, I've got to say, you are right with that one. I've never seen a spicy bowl in a toilet before, and I think that's for good reason. Now, the one positive for this video is it seems to be a toilet that they've just bought and hasn't actually been used. But still, like, what are you doing? And yeah, again, I'm not going to show it, but yeah, the the video carries on and she starts eating the food out of the toilet. Another video Aries uploaded recently is putting a spicy bowl in a fish bowl. >> Kick the fish out, babes. The fish got to go. Y'all ain't never seen a fish tank spicy before by Aaron Tion with the frog legs on top. >> Another example of a collaboration AR's uploaded recently is with a lawn mower company, and you can probably imagine how that went. >> You ain't never seen a lawnmower spicy. Damn. Who this guy? Let's get into it. Tap in Indianapolis. The Midwest way. What we doing? >> I mean, you can literally see the grass on the lawn mower right where the food is. Like, what is going on here? Some of her examples AR's uploaded recently is a toilet plunger spicy bowl, which is exactly what you think it is. She's also uploaded a mop and bucket spicy bowl, where the spice bowl's like in the bucket and she puts the mop in that's covered in sauce. And then one of the more recent ones Ara's uploaded is a treadmill spicy ball. >> Y'all ain't never seen a treadmill spicy ball. They ain't never seen a treadmill spicy ball before. Let's get into it. Thick grass, big grass. Hold on. Let's see that. >> I mean, you can see they're in a public gym. This is genuinely like disgusting on so many levels. I mean, first of all, how many people have used that treadmill before? Like all sweaty when they're working out. It's disgusting for that reason. But also, how are you going to put your food that's covered in sauce into the cup holder in a public gym? Now, Ari has replied to comments on his video from people who have a problem with this, which is basically like everyone in the comment section. And there's a comment here saying, "I know you'll do this for engagement, but maybe draw the line and mess with things that other people may also want to use." To which Ari says, "Maybe we cleaned it right up, so it doesn't matter." And I think it really does matter to be honest. Now, obviously, it should go without saying pretty much every single comment on these videos are fully against whatever's going on here. Like, for example, a comment here saying, "Bro, that's dirty as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's got 81,000 likes." There's other comments like, "That's disgusting. Those machines are so dirty. This is banan worthy behavior. I would sue y'all and call the cops immediately." And I just really don't understand the thought process. I mean, I guess I do understand the thought process, right? They're obviously uploading these videos because it's so shocking that it will get views. So, I guess that's the reason. But, is it really worth it at this point where you're eating food out of a toilet or like out of a bucket and like with a mop covered in sauce or a toilet plunger or eating it out of a treadmill's cup holder in a public gym? Now, as you can imagine, there's also been a bunch of response videos to Ari's videos. Like, we have one here from user called Big Dogs. And in this video, he's specifically responding to the treadmill video just talking about how disgusting it is. >> A treadmill spicy. Why are you eating that, bro? You know how nasty that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is, bro? You know how nasty a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] could really eat out of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cup from plant business and is in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yo on a bro public gym. public gym. You know, I can't do >> There's also videos like this one from a user called Ebony Influences. >> What would possess somebody to take the shoe off of their foot and use it as a container for their garlic parmesan spicy bowl? Like at this point, Ari, the girl behind all these everyone so creative as spicy bowls. Baby, she didn't saw all the chum bucket backlash and she said, "You know what? Go ahead and grab Squidward and a pound of that pickled parmesan Alfredo and throw it in a boot." Since the rotisserie chicken spicy bowl blew up, the spicy bowlers cannot be stopped. Okay. I have seen people put brisketss on top of their spicy bowls, ribs on their spicy bowls. I saw a girl take an entire baby octopus out of her bonnet. >> Yeah. So, what we're hearing here is apparently a video was uploaded by a user called Doll X reviews, which was this rotisserie chicken like spicy bowl, I guess. And that blew up, right? It's got 157,000 likes. So, that's probably why Ari ends up making the video, I assume, like the original video we took a look at. And then since then has decided to take it to a whole new level. But yeah, looking at these response videos, it becomes very clear that people are just incredibly confused. Like another example we have here is a user called Hey Tony TV. Y'all are out here garnishing spicy bowls with whole birds. Y'all are out here eating spicy bowls out of mop buckets off of mops in general. And I seen one with a toilet. And yeah, looking at the comments of this video, it's just filled with people like talking about like the craziest version of this video that they've seen. Like there's a comment here saying, "I saw a spicy ball treadmill." Another comment here saying, "You all see the plunger." Another comment saying, "Someone had it in the cup holder or a treadmill at Planet Fitness." And I mean, the way people are actually commenting this is if it's like multiple people that are doing these. It might be. I haven't seen like many other ones, but all the examples that we've seen in the comment section here are from Ari's page. Yeah, I'm going to go on a limb and say that maybe AR is taking a bit too far with with the spicy balls. I mean, mainly like for health reasons, right? This cannot be good for you. But also, on top of that, it's a huge waste of food, right? Because in some of these, like they have so much food in like the toilet, for example, which I'm assuming they don't eat all of it because that would be crazy. So, there's that element to it as well. Basically, all of this is just very confusing. I I don't even understand what's going on at this point. But Arya is also getting a bunch of views by making these videos. I mean, eight of them from what I can see are on over a million views. There's one that's on over 3 million views. One that's about to hit 3 million views. And then there's a bunch of other ones that approaching a million views. So that's obviously why Arri's making these videos because they are getting views. I'm sure she's getting paid from these videos as well, but at what cost? But either way, I would love to know your thoughts in the comment section down below on this whole situation. And um yeah, if you enjoyed, leave a like, subscribe, all that stuff. And until the next one, I'll see you guys in a bit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KL-JohhnyBoy [1 likes]: So what’s the sense of this video if you’re not showing the ACTUAL content!? 
OMG!! Please do not conform to what viewers like vs what they don’t like!! Give a warning and go on with the video. 
Hell, people can double tap/fast forward the video. 
People are too soft and entitled.
  2. @BinturongGirl: "You ain't never seen..."
No, and I never wanted to. There's a lot of stuff I've never seen and I'm quite happy about that.
  3. @seekryt: I ❤❤❤ Hey Tony TV😅
  4. @imogenx9145: This is fetish content masquerading as ragebait
  5. @mrsgames2u: 6:28 meanwhile they’re engaging with the posts….
  6. @mrsgames2u: 4:47 are these not satire of the way ppl have been obsessing over spicy bowls?? At least that would’ve been my assumption if it showed up on my fyp. Not my humor but I get it.
  7. @wendyamsterdam8482: SM would be such a better place if everybody just ignored and block the ragebaiters
  8. @DanceChickaDee: I hope planet fitness bans her
  9. @AP-bi9qu: This is our society.
  10. @mrbennyohio1: Ya know what’s funny - she could have just made these videos in Sora when it was alive 😅 I feel like I’m watching live enactments of Sora creations.
  11. @bree8345: A spicy bowl is supposed to be a lil hood snack. Brisket, rotisserie chicken & whole octopus is crazy as hell.
  12. @milrtp101: This was on BLACK MIRROR
  13. @skye4591: "Everybodys so creative!"
  14. @loladelmar130: There's people with food allergies, they shouldn't have to worry about that at the gym!!!
  15. @ellenritchie8528: I usually like your videos, but I just can't watch this.
  16. @Aujinix: That is planet fitness behavior though
  17. @YurrahAlHadi: Not gunna lie, this is low-key hilarious. The trolling is actually on point, outside of the food waste.
  18. @LayeredVegan: People will do anything for attention.
  19. @KristenLCFL: Humanity is cooked. 🤦‍♀️
  20. @harrisk426: 0:45 THANK YOU

- జడ్జి ఆర్డర్ విని కుప్పకూలిన అనంతబాబు..?Shocking Updates On Ananthababu Case | Cloud Media: Kind: captions Language: en The body of Kakinada MLC Ananthaba Babu is causing a stir . A dead body was found in the car of MLC Anantha Babu in Kakinada. Subrahmanyam previously worked as a driver for Anantha Babu. [Music] Family members say that Anantha Babu came and took Subrahmanyam in his car . My son fell down after he put on the temple's curtain rod. We, sir, took the name Subramaniam with him [music] . Let's go to the village to start our life. Then, while we were there, Anantha Babu said, "I will take your son under the driver's seat and kill him." I thought he would take good care of him. But he did not expect that he would work so faithfully and bring him with such wounds. He said, "Sir, if I had done this, my milk would have been broken." [Music] Anantha Babu said that it has been three months since he stopped. When did my father use it? He used to take me away. [Music] Now I can't do it. I will stop. He stopped. It has been three months since he stopped. This guy [Music] He stopped me. You know all my stuff. My ganja business. Sandalwood trees. Haryana. Colored stones. He knows all about it. This shouldn't be. He should be killed. I don't know what else he has done. He thought he would kill me. When these three months passed, he called me at seven and a half in the night. Come between me. He called me and asked where my son Ratnam was. He said, "We should give him 20 years for our marriage, won't you mind?" [Music] What do you think? If you don't give it to me, I will take away that bribe, Khabardar." He cursed us and said, " Who did it again?" He asked where he was. He said, " The information went out that he was at Palana Kondapala School." [Music] He also said that he was coming out at around 10:30. Subbu was coming out, then he parked his car outside the gate and was ready. He said, " Take the man who is still alive at 10:30." He brought the body at 1:00 or 1:30 and said, "Your son will not die." He parked the car like that, there is no way. Open the four doors. That Satyababu, your son Subrahmanyam, then the boys saw the white garlands, so many birthmarks, blows, and lies on the throat. The madness has gone away. [Music] He is in wet clothes, with bloody wounds on his stomach. Sir, the boy must have been stuck on that head for three years, and he must have been on his neck. Even if my wife, Rekka, gets a needle from a gur, don't let her drink to us . It must have been such a pain to be beaten like that. Sir, how much did he scream? I was so hurt, but I kept quiet. Sir, I didn't think he would kill my children so brutally and take them away. If there is an accident, where will it hit me? [Music] What happened? Did you kill me yourself? Did you kill me with someone else? We don't know. We asked them to stay quiet. I called everyone and said that someone killed a Dalit in our Kakinatta. Look at what happened. [Music] There is a Nookalamma temple near the Pulacheruvu near the Two Town police station. There is an apartment in the cellar near that Nookalamma temple. [Music] There is a car service. I went there. It was six o'clock in the morning. I didn't know what to do. He said, "It's over." [Music] I will give you lakhs. I know your village too. Come on, come on. He is pulling me in the car door like this. [Music] How terrible is that, he even hits a goat and runs away without anyone seeing him. They killed him and took him to his parents and told him that he was afraid of his race. That day, the YSRCP leaders brought a few corporators and some councilors from the Somala fort in Kakinada and divided them up and divided them into two groups. They took their wives to their mothers and fathers and took their younger brothers to one side and while we were talking, they played music to make the water visible. It was one thing to kill them in a very gruesome way and bring the body to the door and tell them that it was one thing to kill them and then divide their families within a few hours. After putting them in jail, he came out on point, saying that it was 210 days. When they came out, they celebrated again and took them out in procession. [Music] We were surprised, sir. Sir, I was surprised that they killed my son so brutally. Then I saw on TV that someone else committed the murder and delivered the body to the door. They put it there [Music] and confessed to the crime and sent him to jail. There was a celebration, they made him look like a psycho and made him look like a madman. There was a state-level leader, a CM, and he lost his temper. [Music] That is, he encouraged him not to do anything wrong. It was like taking a freedom fighter to the streets with a big band, a flower garland, whatever the YSRCP cadre was, the whole cadre held a big rally, a 100-car rally [Music] and took him from the central jail to the agency area where he was . It was then that I understood that the government was protecting Anantha Babu. [Music] Jaganmohan Reddy personally has no interest in us, he is not a body, he is a person who has committed rape, he is a person who has done that, so even if he did that, the YSRCP government of that time did not do us justice, not even by sitting next to him and supporting him, he did not even greet him and did not rule so wickedly. He also brought a man who killed a man and killed a man and brought him back, it is more surprising than anyone else. Sir, as much as he told the people, like salt on a well, [Music] when the movement was going on, he put him aside, put the MLC aside, he came and smiled and consoled many people whose fathers did not die. [Music] He said that if a Dalit dies, it is a Dalit party and everyone knows that if such a Dalit dies, at least on the phone, he said to Subrahmanyam, his mother, father, we will do justice to you, the Dalit party is our party. He didn't care about that. When Jagan came to answer the call [Music], he also brought Anantha Babu. He said, "Will he be spared? Dalits, my sister, my sister's sister, my brother's brothers, do the same thing. Sir, whatever you say, it will be the same. Even if my STs, my STs commit this murder, even if Dalits kill us, we don't care [Music]." The attitude of "we will protect him" was seen in that government. I was the only one who admitted to the police that I could have inflicted 31 blows on three internal organs in the postmortem report In the analysis done by the Madras forensic team, visuals emerged showing Anantha Babu's wife [music] being found dead near the yard where his wife had also died, while Subramaniam was still alive . The SIT investigation revealed that Lakshmi Durga was with Anantha Babu at the time of the murder and that she was directly involved in the murder along with Anantha Babu, who instigated the driver to commit the murder Then, after killing him, they sat in the same car with his wife sitting next to him [music], and came to this apartment with the dead body behind them, leaving his wife in the apartment [music], and they collected all the evidence. So she was the one who was included. She, who is accused in the murder case of Dalit youth Subramaniam, attended the hearing at the Kakinada Sub-Divisional Office. You threatened the witness the other day, now our lawyer has come and told me to tell you, or I will kill you too. They are also looking for the services of Aadu Seva Na Mee Seva, who was threatened as a witness in the murder case of SC youth Subramaniam. Four teams are being formed to arrest him. The Supreme Court has also rejected the name given to him. On the 13th, he said that this is all a political conspiracy. He is using me as a political conspiracy. He is giving false evidence that he was deliberately used to frame me. He said that before the press meet. Why now? Why are you threatening all the witnesses? Even if this Anantha Babu does not come out, there are many goons who follow Aadu's followers. They will send those guns in his hand and kill us. We said that there was a slight risk to our lives. I think that's when they installed the CCTV camera. They have put surveillance duty on, sir, from Peddapuda BS and from the circle office. Sir, instructions come from our limits, so they will monitor this, our Peddapuda garu. It is what Ananthababu does to the village, but it is not safe for us [music] to die. Otherwise, Anantha Babu would have been out there, in greater danger than ever, and YCP would not have done it. We have not received anything, neither the YSRCP government workers nor those with this word, no one has helped us a single rupee. They have done it wrong. They have only typed that word for us. No one has helped us a single rupee. Sir, no one has helped us. Chandrababu Naidu, who is now in the opposition, has provided one lakh rupees to support this responsible family on behalf of his party . [Music] Chandrababu Naidu, take four or five. If you go away and tell your uncle about our difficulties, he will listen to you. When Chandrababu Naidu went to the Supreme Court, who would have helped him? If there were no one to help him in the Supreme Court, we would not have been able to hire a lawyer for Chandrababu Naidu again in the Supreme Court. He hired a lawyer to help us Lokesh Babu also came to the Uppadu meeting and talked to him. You promised that as soon as our party comes, we will compulsorily do you justice You are not alone, the Telugu Desam Party will stand by you. We are giving her to both family members to be brave. So since the arrival of our TDP government, we [music] have gained courage and are confident that justice will be served. If these two governments see the difference [Music], then in the case of this driver Subrahmanyam, we have a certain hope that the current government and the police will cooperate fully [Music] and do justice

  Top Comments:
  1. @kilaparthilucky777 [9 likes]: చాలా గోరంగా చంపి డోర్ డెలివిరి చేసాడు, వీడికి ఉరి తీయాలి
  2. @Mumorao83745 [5 likes]: అదే మన వైసీపీ బంగారు పాలన
  3. @VIZAGLOVER-iw1kc [3 likes]: తల్లి తల్లిదండ్రుల కు శాంతి కలగాలని కోరుకుంటున్నాను
  4. @BALASUBRAHMANYAMRARIYANKANDATH [3 likes]: పెట్టిన హెడ్డింగ్ ఏమిటి? నీ తప్పుడు మెసేజ్ ఏమిటి? గౌరవ జడ్జి గారి తీర్పు 
ఎమ్మెల్సీ అనంతబాబు కేసులో ఏమి చెప్పారు? ఇలాంటి FAQUE న్యూస్ ఇవ్వకండి..
  5. @Heennsjsjsns [2 likes]: 420. CRIMINALS. YS JAGAN AND ANANTHABABU
  6. @ManjulammaArani [1 likes]: Karma veyvarini vadhilipeyttadhu
  7. @bhanojiraokurmapu6950 [1 likes]: Thumbnail n content area not matching .
  8. @BindusriHemaphanisri [1 likes]: Order enti cheppandi
  9. @murthyvadapalli8875 [1 likes]: ఈ సాక్ష్యాలు చాలవా కోర్టు కు? ఎంక్వైరీ వంకతో నేరస్థులను కాపాడటం కోసమేనా ఈ వ్యవస్థలు. సుబ్రమణ్యం విషయం లో ఏ అధికారి తప్పు చేసినా ఆ తల్లిదండ్రుల ఉసురుతో రామాయణం లో దశరథుడికి పట్టిన గతే పడుతుంది.
  10. @SailiSrinivas: Nakodukuni vurrey tiyyali vadu mlc aithey mla aithy
  11. @BollapragadaRamaMurty: Fake taglines
  12. @HaribabuVemana: వాడు మళ్ళీ వెంటనే బయటకి వచ్చేస్తాడు
  13. @rchsatyanarayana5435: Siggu chetu😢
  14. @viveknelapati3568: ఒరేయ్ బోకా.... తంబ్ నైల్ ఏంటి,,, నువ్వు పెట్టిన వీడియో ఏంటిరా 👊👊👊
  15. @devanandgurrala7036: Ysrcp means group of criminals and chetha. Everyone must get punishment, don't leave them, leader jagan Reddy him self criminal.
  16. @vijaysastry4235: YCP Leaders behavior is worse. 
No one has  apologized..So far !
Instead celebrating his release from jail.is..Horrible
Even now no one has apologized for the incident.
Don't know something wrong with Jagan
  17. @vuddagirinagararaju5624: వాడిని సమర్ధించిన జగన్ కూడా శిక్షార్హుడు.
  18. @PjPravin24: One of the reason for Downfall of ycp
  19. @anandsarikonda2258: జై జగన్.. 😢😢
  20. @Mumorao83745: that is jagan

- What is Cockroach Janta Party? | Who is Abhijeet Dipke? | 5 Point Manifesto Goes Viral: Kind: captions Language: en May 15, 2026 A Supreme Court comment and the subsequent social media explosion that transformed the word cockroach into a digital political movement. Now, perhaps for the first time in the judicial history of India, this has happened when in response to a comment of the court, the youth have created not a meme but an entire political party. It was named Cockroach Janata Party i.e. CJP. Actually the matter started with the hearing of a case related to fake law degrees in the Supreme Court. During the hearing, Chief Justice of India Surya Kant said that some youth are like cockroaches who do not get employment and then they attack everyone by becoming media, social media and RTI activists. It was from here that the uproar started on social media. Millions of youth called this comment an insult to the unemployed, activists and questioning youth. #ShitCockroach started trending on Twitter. Instagram was flooded with memes. WhatsApp University also got a new content. Someone wrote that if you ask for a job now, you will be called a cockroach. So someone said that filing RTI has now become a part of entomology. But the matter became even bigger when CGI Suryakant had to give clarification. He said that the media has presented his statement in a wrong way. Their target was not unemployed youth but people who entered the system with fake degrees. He said that every youth of India inspires me. They are the pillars of developed India. But the internet court had given its verdict and then Abhijeet Deepak entered. Abhijeet Deepak, who is studying in Boston, USA, tweeted a tweet filled with anger and sarcasm. What If All the Cockroaches Come Together. That is, what if all the cockroaches come together? Perhaps even Abhijeet himself would not have imagined that this line would become the foundation of a digital political movement in the next 48 hours. Jency users, college students, unemployed youth, journalists, RTI activists all started joining this line. Now Abhijeet tells that hundreds of responses came on the tweet. People started saying that now we will have to come together. Now we will have to create a voice and then Cockroach Janata Party was launched on 16th May. A website related to this was also created, Cockroach Janata Party.Organization. Now the tagline was Voice of the Lazy and Unemployed. But the most unique thing about this party was its sarcastic style. The party describes itself as Secular, Socialist, Democratic, Lay'z. That means, for the first time in Indian politics, lazy has also become the official ideology. Now the cockroach Janata Party wrote that we have not come here to create another PM Cares nor to visit Davos on tax money. We have just come to ask where the money went? That means the entire movement had become a mixture of satirical meme culture, digital activism and political anger. Abhijeet says that it took me and my friends hardly 2 to 3 hours to create the website. The design was created with the help of AI. But we didn't know people would take it so seriously. But people got really serious. Within 48 hours, more than 300 followers on X, more than 1 lakh people on Instagram and 500 subscribers. With this, RTI activism became associated with the Anjali Bhardwaj manifesto. TMC MP Mahua Moitra and MP Kirti Azad also showed interest. It was no longer just a joke but had become a platform for digital political discussion. Then came the CJP manifesto and from there it completely exploded on the internet. It was written in the manifesto that if CJP comes to power then no CJI will go to Rajya Sabha after retirement. If someone's vote is deleted, UAPA will be imposed on the Election Commissioner. Women will get 50% reservation in Parliament and Cabinet. With this, the licenses of Ambani and Adani's media houses will be cancelled. Leaders who change parties will be barred from contesting elections for 20 years. That means there was sarcasm, anger and a sharp attack on the system in the manifesto. But its membership conditions went viral the most. It was written on the membership that unemployed due to compulsion , choice or principle. Lazy, physically, not mentally. Chronically online for at least 11 hours a day. Whereas professional renter as long as the talk is true and sharp. That means CJP gave identity to all those things which the society generally uses as taunts. The party also called an online meeting on May 18. It was named Rochak Satsang. Interesting means cockroach. Thousands of youth joined this online meeting. Paper leaks, unemployment, inflation, political frustration, distrust in the system. Every issue was discussed openly. In this meeting, Abhijeet Deepak said that I did not want to become a leader. I didn't even post my photo. But people took it so seriously that I had to come forward. He said that India's agency is the most disappointed generation at this time. This generation lost its studies due to Corona. Along with this, employment was seen shrinking and paper leak was also faced. He also clarified that CJP is not like any violent movement. The party issued a statement that we believe in the Constitution. There will be attempts to prove us anti-social elements but we will question the flaws in the system in a democratic manner. What began as a viral comment had now become a symbol of digital discontent. It wasn't just a meme. This wasn't just a joke. It was a satire of a generation that constantly feels unheard. A generation that says if asking questions means being a cockroach, then perhaps all the cockroaches have come together now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajeevsharma4953 [1 likes]: Membership की conditions हैं,अन्यथा हम जैसे लोग भी member बन जाते।CJP आगे बढ़ते रहो। जय हिंद
  2. @kamruddinkhan7860 [1 likes]: Andolan kiya jaye
  3. @meerakumarijha3820: Vidhyak aur sansad ka pension band ho
  4. @PariDhakeddd: Chi ❤
  5. @hajji_khalid: well nice spch
  6. @vasundharalad4234: Please Gen z naa bole aapiya gang ka karnataka hai. Ab followers indian kitne hai aur Turkish pakistani Bangladeshi aur bots kitne ye gang hi Jane.
  7. @Bipin-z5s: कुछ दिन बाद लोग खटमल पार्टी, मच्छर पार्टी भी बना डालेंगे.
  8. @sukhjeetsingh7975: I will support,💪💪💪
  9. @railtravellervaibhav5140: Cockroach 🪳🪳🪳🪳🐡 sarkar jindabad
  10. @railtravellervaibhav5140: Isliye kehte hai savidhanik post par aisi btein nhi bolni chahiye, raato raat satta badal skti h ab 😂🎉🎉🎉
  11. @MohammadhaneefShaik-u9i: Destroy bjp from india
  12. @RabindraAdhikari-nepal: India already has many problems. Don't need another one. Pakistan and China are happy at the moment.
  13. @MusaddirAlam-k8g: 😮😮
  14. @RafiqueSayyed-d4y: Is. Parti. Ka. Presedent. Arvind. Kejriwal. Ya. Tamil. Nadu. Ke. Cm. Vijay. Sir. Ko. Banao. Baad. Me.  Prime. Minister. Banana
  15. @RafiqueSayyed-d4y: Bharat. Ka. Yuva jagraha. Hai. Judge. Saheb  isliye. Ek. Judge.  Ko. Bhi. Safai. Deni. Padh rahi. Hai. Vah. Kya. Baat. Hai
  16. @ushavveera170: Sitting abroad and slandering India.
  17. @SharmaPandit-n8k: kakroj  party zindabad 🎉
  18. @juliemohantripathi3346: Dhruv must join
  19. @mustafarajachannel396: Ye jo netaow ko itni sucrtrty milti inka baap ka paisaxnhi hota janta ka hota hai ispe bhi rok lagna chahiey
  20. @shaguftabagban1544: Inki baat sahi h jah gadgil hogi wh cockroach aayga

- Brut speaks to the founder of the Cockroach Janta Party: Kind: captions Language: en You can be a part of this political party only if you're lazy, unemployed, and able to rank professionally. These are the actual requirements to join the cockroach jantaa party. This guy single-handedly launched a viral political movement in India. But what did it take for him to gain the support of thousands of youth, millions in funding, decades of groundwork? No, just a single satirical tweet backed by a massive wave of collective youth frustration. >> We are getting closer to one lakh members. The followers are rising like at a very insane rate. So we have 184k followers on Instagram. It was just about 25k yesterday. >> The cockroach jantaa party as bizarre as it sounds actually got its name from a striking remark made by chief justice of India Surant. During a court hearing the CGI observed there are youngsters like cockroaches. They don't get any employment. They don't have any place in the profession. Some of them join the media. Some do social media. Some become RTI activists and they start attacking everyone >> who are lazy. As the CG I said this is a these people are lazy, unemployed, they don't have anything good to do. I just put those criteria. How about like just putting those criterias to be eligible to be a member of the Cockroenta party? It would be a very funny thing. That was my first instinct and I just did that. A day later, the CGI clarified the context of his comments, saying he had specifically criticized those who have entered professions like the bar with the help of fake and bogus degrees. The digital launch of the cockroach party sounded like just another internet joke. But in just over 60 hours, it exploded from a simple web page into tens of thousands of official signups. >> The kind of messages I'm getting, like I'm getting 50 to 100 messages every 5 minutes, and I'm trying to read them as much as possible. But there is one common thing all of the people are saying that we had lost all hope and this is a very dangerous sign for a democracy when the youth starts to lose hope and it stops to have faith in the political system. The man behind the launch of this party Abijit Dipk a former political communication strategist currently living in the US and the eligibility criteria he said to join the party is definitely not what you would expect. You must be unemployed. You must be lazy. And you must be able to rank professionally. The way this movement blew up across social media is a textbook example of a harsh reality. For a massive chunk of Indian youth facing unemployment, meification has become the only coping mechanism left. >> They shouldn't take the youth for granted. This youth is completely fed up of you. You need to cater to them. You need to be accountable to them. And I think cockroach jandha party could be that m uh movement where it makes the political system the establishment accountable towards the youth and to the people of India. >> But if we look beyond the surface you will find a very pointed very serious critique of systemic failure. >> So it's a people's movement now it's up to them now and whatever they decide I am ready to do that. Behind the satire lies deep-seated anger over issues the establishment seems to ignore. Like the devastating reality of the recent need student suicides, >> the opposition is also responsible for it. Because if 17 students are committing suicide and not even single opposition leader gets on the streets, you're letting the children of this country down. So you are helping the government to normalize insensitivity. So stop normalizing it. >> The cockroach party has also put forward a hard-hitting manifesto. First, absolute independence for the judiciary. No postretirement rewards or Raja Sabha seats for chief justices. Second, accountability for voter deion. Third, 50% reservation for women in parliament and cabinet without waiting for seat counts to increase. And fourth, a strict anti-defectionection rule against MLAs or MPs who switch sides. >> This movement, whatever form it could take, it will always be under the democratic rights. And according to the constitution of India, we will never ever do anything that goes against the constitution of India. >> So where is the cockroach party actually headed? Is it just another internet trend, a one-hit wonder destined to fade by next week? Or are we looking at the blueprint for a brand new kind of youthled democratic platform? When Brute questioned the founder about what comes next, this is what he had to say. >> We want it to be specifically a youth movement that will in future change the political discourse of the country. Uh I just want to tell the youth that yes I get it that you are frustrated. I am frustrated too and I have been frustrated for a very long period of time and just like you I have found a medium through the cockroa party to raise our voices and to change the political discourse of this country. We need to make the people in power accountable. They have taken you for granted. I want you to realize your power and if you decide we can change things and we have seen how when people come together and start a movement changes do happen and we will do this through a very peaceful democratic way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pankajmaurya-o1s5k [1 likes]: Don't believe  in this video 
Don't believe in their talks
  2. @DrVSMohan [1 likes]: Ready to join   Anytime in any capacity
  3. @YouTube_Bangladesh_1: 16+ million
  4. @renjit2988: Soros-style, AAP-style, NGO-backed political experiment cockroach
  5. @glittermemyshow1811: 😂
  6. @Zsharma1: BJP will use SIR to change everything
  7. @Zsharma1: We got complete inept people running this country
  8. @Aiju0228: Any reason behind conveniently mentioning the point number 5 as point number 4? Why does it seem intentional to have skipped point 4?
  9. @tomerps15: Abhijeet Dipke is not some random guy haan. From 2020 to 2022 he was working in #AAP 's social media team under Ankit Lal (their IT head). He was the one making all those memes and videos showing #Kejriwal as "apna banda" and trolling BJP and Congress non stop.
And now suddenly look who all are supporting his Cockroach Janta Party - Mahua Moitra from TMC, Akhilesh Yadav from SP, Kirti Azad, Prashant Bhushan.. same opposition gang only 🙄
After this election Kejriwal has realised his political career is basically over. So now he is trying to copy what happened in #Bangladesh and #Nepal - using youth and social media to create unrest. Same playbook yaar, just different packaging.
  10. @msqaera8815: Somebody needs protect this guy
  11. @jayadityakavuri: Let me be honest, 
The Hon'ble CJI was not at all *Wrong*. 


Look at 45+ years ph.d students in central universities showing mediocre research by engulfing central funds.

Look at college going or university going students who took grants from central or state government as scholarship and enjoying beers and booze with it, and doesn't even have 60% college attendance.



If you want a job go work hard, get a skill for the required job use swayam and NPTEL to get knowledge.

It is so stupid and CJI is right India has indeed cockroaches due to its democratical rights.




Many people cry at china but china doesn't have cockroaches. China has brilliant workforce this making them 17 trillion dollar economy.



Hope you genz ass idiots understand what I'm talking.
  12. @orange7514: We said genZ would bring a change! This is not i was expecting
  13. @Unova004: Cjp demography is concerning
  14. @himanshh08: 19million 🎉
  15. @HaardikPatel24: If is living outside India. Why the shot he is talking about this!!!!

Bullshit this founder!!!! 

Apna kaam kar bahar that the only think
  16. @natarhajanjawahar7318: I love this party ❤️
  17. @Meow01-q8t: Cbse 12th
  18. @ShamsunderKonda: What did the economy do to us in reletive terms? 

Between 2004-14
Avg Inflation 8.2% (FD rate 10.0%).Dollar moved from Rs. 45 to Rs. 61. Avg GDP growth rate 7.7%.

Between 2014 -26
Avg Inflation 4.8% (FD rate 6.6%).Dollar moved from Rs. 61 to Rs. 95. Avg GDP growth rate 6.7%.

If we have invested Rs.100 (=$2.22) in FD @ 10% in 2004, it would be Rs. 259 (=$4.25) in 2014. In dollar terms, the growth is 6.8% per annum, over ten years. 

Similarly, If we have invested Rs.100 (=$1.64) in FD @ 6.6% in 2014, it would be Rs. 215 (=$2.26) in 2026. In dollar terms, the growth is 2.7% per annum, over twelve years. 

Conclusion: Our house hold savings have grown by 2.7% per annum in the last twelve years of Modiraj, against 6.8% perann in the previous in the previous ten years of Manmohan raj. Which means, common man has become poorer in Modiraj, unlike the rich and ultra-rich. For example, Adani's wealth has gone up by 30 times (from $4 to 120B), while the country's GDP has just doubled (from $2 to 4T). Can anyone dispute with these calculations. 

For information
  19. @ilovethiruvalla4816: We want educated politicians, more importance to agriculture, food safety, health sector
  20. @Ayapanag: HIT Cockroach Party!! Now looking to form one ASAP 😅

- The Story of India’s Viral Cockroach Janta Party ft. Pragati | Jist: Kind: captions Language: en In politics, sometimes a big party is formed, sometimes a movement is started and sometimes something starts as a joke on social media which soon becomes the topic of discussion in the entire country. One such name suddenly started appearing everywhere. Cockroach Janata Party. If you are unemployed, lazy, spend hours on social media and can also research professionally, then congratulations. Welcome to Cockroach Janata Party i.e. CJP. Hearing this name, at first it seems that it is a joke , a meme. There is another trend going on on the internet. But when you look at the story behind it, it's no longer just a joke. [MUSIC] There's politics, there's anger, there's satire. There is the power of social media and the biggest thing is the anger of the youth which has been brought out in the language of memes and satire. What is the whole matter behind the formation of Cockroach Janata Party? You will know in today's video. Hi, I'm Pragati and you're watching Jas. The story of the formation of this party begins with a controversial statement. When on May 15, a comment by Chief Justice of India Suryakant went viral on social media. In this statement given regarding unemployed youth, the word cockroach became the centre of discussion. [MUSIC] So what? Instead of taking this word as an insult, the internet turned it into an identity. And the very next day i.e. on 16th May, Cockroach Janata Party was formed. The party's website was created, Google form was opened, membership started and within no time thousands of people started joining it. Within days, CJP had thousands of followers on X and millions on Instagram. The question is, is this just a viral joke? Is this a meme protest by unemployed youth? Or behind this joke is hidden the frustration of today's generation which is angry with all three - job, system and politics. Cockroach Janata Party or CJP did not suddenly start trending one day. There was a controversial statement behind this which created a huge uproar on social media. The matter started with a hearing in the Supreme Court where a bench of Chief Justice Surya Kant and Justice Jay Malia Bagchi was hearing a case. This case was related to a lawyer who had demanded to be given the status of senior advocate. During the hearing, the court made strong comments on the behavior of that lawyer. The bench said that there are already people in the society who attack the system and during this time some harsh comments came to light. In which words like parasites were used. Some parts of it were clipped and went viral on social media and a narrative spread rapidly that the unemployed youth of the country were called cockroaches. However, later clarification also came that the comment was not made to collectively target unemployed youth. Rather it was said in a specific context. But by then, the outreach on social media had already begun. This is where this digital protest started which named itself Cockroach Janata Party. On May 16, the very next day after the controversy, a Google form appeared on social media. People were told that if you are unemployed, lazy, chronically online and can rank professionally then you can join Cockroach Janata Party. At first it seemed like a joke but this same joke became a trend within a few hours. Behind this trend was 30- year-old Abhijeet Deepak, who is said to be the founder of this party. According to media reports, Abhijeet had earlier volunteered with the social media team of Aam Aadmi Party and is currently studying public relations at Boston University in America. He claimed that the entire idea was created in a few hours with the help of a friend and AI tools. A website was created, branding was developed, slogans were written, membership forms were released, and a new party was launched on the internet. It is written on the website of this party that it is Voice of Lazy and Unemployed. The website also states that our mission is to create a party for the youth who are repeatedly called lazy, unemployed, chronically online and now cockroaches. This is the only mission. The rest are satire. All this is obviously satire. But this satire connected people on social media. Within 3 days of the formation of the party, its social media accounts started getting millions of views. By the time this video was recorded, the party's Instagram page had 5 million followers. The reason for the popularity of this party is not just its funny name. In India, in the last few years, frustration among the youth has increased on issues like unemployment, competitive exams, paper leaks, NEET controversy, institutional trust, media bias. But often this frustration does not come out in traditional, political language. The Internet has a different language. Memes, sakajams, irony jokes. The cockroach Janata Party picked up the same language and reclaimed the insult caused by the Chief Justice's statement. The party made the word which people were looking at as an insult its symbol. This was the reason why social media users instantly connected with it. But this isn't just a meme page. The party has also released a manifesto. The manifesto mixed both jokes and serious politics. Cockroach is the motto of Janata Party. If she comes to power, 50% reservation will be given to women in cabinet positions. MPs and MLAs who change parties will be barred from contesting elections for 20 years. The party said that a Rajya Sabha seat should not be given to any Chief Justice as a reward after retirement. There was talk of action if legitimate votes were deleted in the elections. Some proposals were openly satirical. Some were direct political criticism. Things like investigation of bank accounts of Godi media anchors were written in the manifesto. Issues like cancellation of licenses of big corporate media houses also became part of the controversy. Because of this, some people on social media are saying that this is not just satire but politically loaded messaging. Not only this, Cockroach Janata Party also showed support on NEET controversy. Raised exam related issues of students. CBSE rechecking fees termed as blatant corruption. That means the party did not limit itself to just one joke. He tried to touch every issue where youth anger already existed. This was the reason why meme pages, students, young professionals, activists, opposition supporters all started amplifying it. Now questions started arising as to why this party was formed? Founder Abhijeet Deepak said that his ideology is secular, socialist, democratic and anti-caste. He described Gandhi, Ambedkar and Nehru as his inspirations. From here, critics also started raising questions whether this is really a meow movement or is there political positioning behind it ? Because the founder's background with Aam Aadmi Party also came into discussion. Some called it genuine youth anger , some called it an opposition style digital campaign and some called it just an internet stunt. Its virality on social media became a case study in itself [music]. The meme pages picked it up first. Then the influencer reacted jokingly. Then the opposition leaders amplified it. Names of TMC leaders like Mahua Mohtra and Kirti Azad started circulating as admitted [music] members. The tone of the Cockroach Janata Party website is deliberately sarcastic. It is written there that we have not come here to make another PM Cares. I have not come here to travel on taxpayer's money. We have not come to rebrand corruption as strategic spending. We have just come to ask where the money went? People on social media are now also asking whether Cockroach Janata Party will create any political movement ? There is no formal registration for this yet. Like mainstream political parties. Right now it is just an online satirical movement. But many major political movements in history have started like this. This is not the first time that public frustration has come out in the form of a large organized discussion like this. If we remember the events of the year 2011, at that time a big public movement named India Against Corruption had started in the country. The protest that started at Jantar Mantar under the leadership of Anna Hazare was also the result of the deep frustration of the common people against the established institutions and administrative system. The political energy generated by that movement resulted in the formation of the Aam Aadmi Party. The acceptance of this new political party was so fast that it registered a historic victory in the 2015 Delhi Assembly elections by winning 67 out of the total 70 seats. If we compare the current Cockroach Janata Party and the India Against Corruption movement of 2011, a clear similarity is visible between the two. Both the movements were successful in mobilizing a large number of people in a very short time. But there is also a huge structural difference between these two. Aam Aadmi Party was built around a specific face and leader. While this movement is entirely centered around a satirical meme created on the internet. Political analyst Meghnath, observing this unique political behaviour, says that in today's times, a circular party is being seen as a better alternative to real politics. This situation is a huge comment on the current state of Indian politics. Seeing the growing seriousness of this movement, its founder Abhijeet Dipke also recently made a statement that he might shift to Delhi in the future [Music]. Because this campaign cannot be left midway like this. Do you think this movement will be able to mobilize people outside the internet as well ? Will it just remain a meme? Will the founders turn it into an actual political organization or will it die out like a trend after a few days? Share your opinion in the comment box. Just keep watching for every news related to the country, world and you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertfuest007 [1 likes]: Jab tak inke 500M followers nahi ho jate tab tak moti chamdi wale neta logo ko kuch ghanta bhi fark nahi padne wala, aur inke followers maximum 25-30M ho payega fir sab khatam.
  2. @くらかみさなえ: You have spider net at your vandha balcony carefully watch big spider don’t harm them kill them leave them.
Your home house is cockroach are runway because of spider ,note color full spider is not hunt cockroach,
Big spider is relatively not poisonous they are helpful  mosquitoes cockroach  are their pray,
System ko faad dega
  3. @stotraarthamaala: ye wrong number hai.. cockroach is equal to AAP.. baygon nahi to paragon hi sahi. phat ... uff....
India se zyada Pakistani members zyada hai.. abhijeet air German shepherd dono AAP ka chele hai
  4. @くらかみさなえ: Spider janta party,
Spider hunt down all cockroach ,my home have spider they woke up late night hunt down cockroach eats brutally,
  5. @anil245cimap: Operation Sindoor करने वाली सरकार Cockroach Janta Party से डर गई
  6. @nadeemanwer2451: اگر CJP ایک جمہوری اور انصاف پسند جماعت ہے تو انکے manifestos میں مسلمانوں کے ساتھ زیادتی اور دلتوں کے تزہیک آمیز رویوں کے خلاف کوئی بات نہیں کی بلکہ اس پارٹی نے ملکی ایکتا کی کوئی بات نہیں کی 😮🤐🤔
  7. @chandasingh70: Bilkul bhi nahi cacroch party anti nationalist konkaga gaya hai 
Inke leader shehzade  hain ...

Bigde shehzade
  8. @siddaiahsiddu949: Cjp great features
  9. @Ganjgul-e6o: After Bangladesh it's time for revolution in India
  10. @RajeshThakur-HND: Indian judiciary is not merely an inefficient institution; it has become structurally compromised. Keep filing an application under Section 340 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, initiate proceedings before the Bar Council under Section 35 of the Advocates Act, approach the High Court, or even the Supreme Court—it ultimately makes little difference. Select incidents alone are entertained, select individuals alone are elevated to the higher judiciary, and select advocates alone are offered judicial positions. The entire system appears pre-arranged and insulated.

In Himachal Pradesh, the condition is particularly alarming. Neither the merit of your arguments nor your social standing is accorded genuine consideration. I state this from direct experience, having witnessed proceedings personally from the District Courts up to the Supreme Court of India.

If there is any doubt regarding the gravity of these assertions, then the Hon’ble Chief Justice of India may kindly be apprised of, or invited to examine, the affidavit that I filed before the Bar Council of Himachal Pradesh on 9 December 2025. The affidavit details how certain senior advocates, over the past three decades, have allegedly facilitated the continued persecution and harassment of innocent individuals under the very guise of justice.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WWDMBDIktuw74ljtN7Cj0mr6xIddzVpm/view?usp=sharing
  11. @BishnuWagle-d5n: https://youtube.com/shorts/dbTiqoh4LFw?si=03rRfgHeAMv1mFBL
  12. @Spiritualitytous: Only a political party can change a lot in short span for a country.
Turning this in to real party will be good for india and its people.
  13. @tagore2.0stigmabreaker: Abki baar 400 par jai cjp
  14. @JAYeeZ16: People needs to Understand that person raising voice against some issues is not going to run india.. Be Mature and Support the who running our country good as compare to before
  15. @nitin828-y7v: Only cjp
  16. @SS-qs5vq: Fight against anpads and andhabhakts 🎉❤
  17. @BudhadityaBehera-e9d: Vote CJP
  18. @sanaanimtiaz3897: This is all india is capable of giving the world. Such a loser
  19. @htnaku4947: CJP belong in dirty gutters and in Tatti they eat
  20. @Rawfiles503: “लड़ना कब है, भाई?”

- He Went Viral But Then FAILED. I Told Him Why.: Kind: captions Language: en we all want to continue our success when we go viral but most of us rarely Succeed In following that up let's say you've been trying to go viral for years and then one day finally it worked you make a series that gets millions of views and a brand new massive audience that will surely click on every new upload but they didn't in fact the views got worse you could not live with your own failure where does that bring you these are the danji Bros and this story happened to them their editing and storytelling failed their chance of following virality and so here I am to roast their editing you guys are doing something that I really really love which is serial formats but that also demands that you need to make sure that they come in for each episode and after I watched the first episode I can tell you they did not watch the rest and I'm going to show you where you guys screwed up I'm excited for this let's get into it oh hi there you're probably wondering why I built this well that's because for the next 100 hours that's a really really good weight what moment for me but I think it could already be a little bit better it was going to be a wide shot and then this is me and then this is me in the cell shelter but then he pops out but we're like we need to deliver the click ASAP you guys delivered it too soon I think you can do that just by the editing let's just let us throw in some music that has this peaceful feel towards it let's have some birds chirping we have a brief moment of Peace we don't really know what we're meant to be looking at and then you pop out of nowhere oh for me that just completely throws me off bit in a really really engaging way so that creates the weight what beat and I think that's a really really engaging way to start a video as soon as I saw that I'm like yeah we could have done that that would have worked on top of this next you're now doing the laying pipe part of it it's like hey here's why you should watch this video it's for the next 100 hours I'm gonna be attempting to hide from my brother using only stealth shelter your intent was this okay I guess let's tease some action I think you threw some clips in I don't really think you considered what story is told just by no succession of Clips so while it was the next shot of teasing an action be this this doesn't really tell me that much if you're trying to promise the action and that is your most powerful shot of action this actually tells me that you're going to under deliver straight away but you did choose some pretty decent shots you climbing over the fence you climbing that tree and then you in here those shots could have already given me a better sense of act straight away that's my favorite one so I'm glad that you left that one right up to the end that one 100 hammock yeah this tells me oh if you're just in a hammock you've let your guard down oh this is gonna be an easy challenge for me I could just do this which now contradicts this there is a scene where I I had Chris on camera and I was like hiding behind a bush like showing that that would have been more interesting implicating the close calls you guys would have absolutely I hope I haven't ruined your spirits just yet we're only in the first 10 seconds we're only in the first 10 seconds okay so the 100 hours has begun and Jeff could be anywhere inside of this circle it's five miles wide this also confused me for a brief moment as well because the geography if we go back to your wide shots it's a wide shot of the Wilderness it's pretty interesting but then we cut back to you and you're also in the wilderness as well which to me tells me that you're already close I think what it could have been potentially more interesting you were in a city or a town environment instead the reason we shot I shot it here up on the hill you could you could see a really nice view of the entire Circle so I wanted to give the viewer like a visual of what that looks like yeah you did have a great shot of you on a hill to kind of overlooked everything you now have the Wilderness and you now have the town this is where he could be hiding I would have loved to have seen that as your opening image think about how the environment can also be telling that story I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people this was me researching seven days ago this was six days ago five days ago I ordered some insane tracking gear and now you get the point I didn't get the point okay it was gonna be more extensive but then our producer was like it's too long fine your producer it's not creating like a good threat for me you have already shown me you're hiding in a really really great spot you have that power so think of power potentially being a graph so how are you gonna combat that power oh I did some research that's not really a lot of information to tell me that conflict it's not the fact that you did research I think rather you should tell me why you're the expert I'm gonna track him via this I'm gonna find him with this he will not be able to hide because of this will you show me Your Arsenal the balance and the conflict is going to be a bit more interesting I think I was worried about giving too much information at once but because of that lack of information I therefore don't know how powerful you are but now we're gonna get to my favorite part and now you get the point I'm going to find Jeff I had to find Jeff foreign again took away the illusion straight away that you want really taking this this urgent I'm going to find Jeff and then you go with your body language very aggressively your body language and your performance will inform of me of the stakes this right here is my home for the night but since the circle is shrinking in the future days I'm gonna have to build a new stealth shelter every day so my first two objectives are get a disguise and build a stealth shelter for tomorrow night I gotta hide the shovel that's funny I like that risky is part of this entire challenge isn't actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris could spot me at any moment Chris can spot me at any moment but you just told me just before he's on the other side of the circle I'm on the top of a mountain yeah in in the open if anything I'm contradicting myself too there's nothing to hide behind up there so what you should have done then is this there's you looking out in the wilderness and then put these two shots together actually hiding in the shelters it's traversing the map since Chris gets about me at any moment that doesn't just feels more intense so it really does depend on what two shots you can put next to each other suddenly that makes it go wait how close is he I've been walking for like a half hour and if you're wondering why I'm limping I got in like a scooter accident yesterday I like this now your power's gone down I was trying to not limp around you that morning before we started and that he didn't know I wish I knew that but I also do like the small moment though going like a scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we gotta check on the music kind of went down for a moment and I kind of felt your vulnerability for that brief moment scooter accident yesterday so my heel is really bruised but we got to check on and I liked that that's what I mean by suddenly the exchange of power you're bruised moment of silence uh oh but we've got a track on that's a nice moment of like okay I'm injured I'm in trouble but let me keep trying this is what five miles looks like the circle is about 500 feet that way and then he could go all the way to the mountains that's insane I'm glad I came up here and got the perspective of what this looks like so this is what I mean again by power and who owns that power Jeff is the one who is having that fun sort of experience whereas you I would say have to be a force of nature that can be told with the music Jeff if you're the one who's kind of chilling you should have that kind of bit more of that chill Vibe I honestly have no idea why I chose such a remote location from the first bunker but then you're being tracked down by a terrifying threat I've known about this challenge for about a week now and I've been doing a ton of research on how to track people so this is what five miles looks like glad I came up here got the perspective of what this looks like I'm going to find Jeff [Music] I've already been playing the answer yes yes you can Licht is expanding its library to where you can license actual movie soundtracks in your YouTube content and right now they of course have Lord of the Rings to the honestly super underrated soundtrack of Black Adam or you can express your positive masculinity and be Kenneth with the Barbie soundtrack when I first started as a filmmaker I used soundtracks and mainstream music in my content but it would mean I would sacrifice ad Revenue which sucks wouldn't you love to do this even license that by the way you can Rick Roll your audience and still keep the ad revenue and needle drop like that can be really good for retention and engaging your audience helping your content go further and be seen by more people go take a peek in lick and get 50 off your first mainstream track and 14 days free stop music via the link in the description the rain last night which means just Footprints are going to show in the mud this challenge is gonna be so much fun trying to track stuff down don't you worry I'm going to show you guys some tracking techniques if you're meant to be this expert tracker and you're going to try to track his Footprints that's a great idea but that's your first idea you've already established to me just a few moments earlier that you're on the other side of that Circle and so you're going to be tracking his Footprints when he hasn't even been there yet the circle is huge which I kind of underestimated yeah with this we're going to play a little bit of a game so think of tension like an elastic band The more you pull the more tense it gets and you can feel that so what your video should be potentially doing you need to be each scene needs to be pulling more and more and more making this more and more tense and Can you feel it can you see it yeah can you see it you see it and then a certain point and that's the end of your video but did you see what just happened with you guys you felt that tension it was raining my face what are you expensing right now how tense is this it's like this yes exactly yeah I just put picked up a couple of your employees from a park really with the Tesla and gave them a ride our team must have helped Chris by dropping off Tesla's at a park I wonder if this Uber driver will give me any more information so I'm actually hiding from my brother for this video that we're doing oh and so you actually just gave me information I wasn't supposed to know but as a really great exchange of power like this is now making you feel even more powerful oh what's the tension at well I'd say I'd say there's tension because he found out something that I was trying to do each scene you have to be considering is this stretching it a little bit more and if it's not you need to find ways to ensure that it does and so you should be conscious with every scene that you're doing is it creating more attention or are you letting it be slack right Jeffrey man have a good day brother you too this map thing bothers me because Chris is moving away going away okay so I'll have this information but he's going up the direction if there are instances when you're going the opposite ends of the circle that should be for comedy here's something I use a sense of geography to create comedy in the exchange of power like if I were a tiny Rosanna Pansino where would I hide boom so there's matpat monologuing and then failing to do so would I I thought I had I had it sure four sure and then there's a comedy of him leaving I think we were kind of looking at the map as kind of like a wide shot of things to give the viewer perspective on like where we were and not necessarily like a storytelling tool yeah it should have been used as a storytelling tool good luck Tesla I burned five and a half hours planting the Teslas but we did it so we're gonna check the footage tonight and see if we spotted Jeff or not now my next objective is very clear get lunch I'm hungry I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him this should have been a fun moment we've just established that you two are really really close what does this do and so maybe that could have been an instance where we check it what is Jeff up to what is then going to have a moment where you're like okay how is Chris gonna find Jeff what is he gonna do now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh no it's like oh he like he blew it it was almost like we could have pretended with music that he was gonna have some insane tactic now my next objective is very clear get lunch oh man yes yes that is so funny I don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna now this is funny like imagine with that information how funny this is now because you two are now so close to each other you two should have been cutting between each other a little bit here's you being really really dumb honestly don't know how hard it's gonna be to find him I could be in way over my head and not even know but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now you don't know how close you are to him and then here is him again gaining more power so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise so yeah this is my disguise I was thinking that and that could have been emphasized just by cutting between the both of you I honestly don't know how hard it's going to be to find him I even know so I just got out of Walmart and put him on my disguise but I'm not gonna give up it's just weird because I literally have no idea where he is or what he's doing right now I was thinking that I'd look like a guy going to the gym I got my gym bag now I got to think about what to do next let's see if we can find ways again in editing to probably help increase that tension then I've successfully evaded Chris for probably like 14 ish 15 hours I don't really know the math maybe it's later than 11 I don't know all I know is I'm exhausted my back hurts I'm gonna get some good night rest and hopefully it'll feel better in the morning so see you tomorrow so you've let your guard down okay let the search begin here you go and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff oh my gosh what the heck dude don't your bird just spooked me I think I've hit a dead end I don't think Jeff would have gone through there there's easier ways footprint right here yeah that's about the size of Jeff's foot let's hyper focus on you getting close to him basically I'm trying to look for footsteps and if I find some and they're fresh maybe it'll lead me right to Jeff Spring right here yeah that's about oh yeah that definitely feels more tense Jeff did you happen to get any shots of you sleeping ah this one was definitely a unique scenario I was genuinely in so much pain because I I like tweaked my back just suffering trying to get into there so I was like I'm going to bed I understand but if you had that footage of you sleeping that could have been a bit more tense like here's some footsteps here oh what is this it's like a Jeff shoe we cut to you sleeping oh that would have been so good now you've seem so much more vulnerable you've let your guard down look at that look at the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you cut back to you you have no idea you're about to be found look at that in the trail Jeffrey if you're in here I'm gonna find you so we still have like you know this whole circle to go so I decided that I'm gonna hop in the car and then but still with that tension racing so again that could have happened even more so you're close you're close you're close oh my God oh my God he's about to find him we cut to maybe one more shot of you the music starts swelling up he was about to find him I've given up you start driving away and then we cut back to Jeff one more time the music is calm a peaceful moment he's safe for another day who didn't win Jeff won what is he going to do the next day then but tomorrow I'm activating phase two I want to try a different tracking method each day tomorrow I have a tracking pen phase two make you the force of nature again you didn't find Jeff therefore you gave up but this is what you're gonna do to change that that was not told through this because you kept that sort of comedic music underneath the tone should have changed to be a bit more intense the cuts could have been a bit more powerful tomorrow I'm activating phase two I have a tracking pen night vision goggles the circle is streaming to four miles tomorrow I need to be very alert because Jeff will be moving this now creates the Cliffhanger which is something I don't think many creators really do and I think Mrs and they therefore miss out on a really really great retention hack and that's why I like series but the game is for series to work you got to get me to the end of that video you guys failed to get me to the end of that video so therefore the Cliffhanger is not going to work it's therefore when part two comes along well I already checked out halfway through episode one so I'm not gonna watch it and so that's why this series failed you didn't give me good tension you didn't give me good story you didn't give me good conflict you didn't give me a fun exchange of power so therefore I didn't watch episode two that makes a lot of sense I was like it's the packaging no but you're no you're right no you're right it's there's a lot we got to work on what's the game plan for you guys next after this learning all of this yes tension

  Top Comments:
  1. @HillierSmith [12 likes]: I have an editing class! Sign up here:  https://hayden-hillier-smith.mykajabi.com/edit-like-an-artist
  2. @DESCU23 [2 likes]: this guy is the god of editing :yt:
  3. @P3akGT [1 likes]: 8:36
  4. @Littlesezer: Turkish subtitle pls bro
  5. @gladiator1568: Coming up with ideas is difficult for sure but I say creativity will always find it's way around
  6. @SnackCut1: REALLY Informative stuff here
  7. @woodandwheelz: I love these videos, but I honestly don't see how they could help me. I do adventureless woodworking videos. Play Lord of the Rings soundtrack as I cross the shop. LoL! I still watch them just in case. My editing sucks, I know, but that's only for now. "The day  you stop learning is the day you die." ~ Me
  8. @NargeseMast: It's really helpful. Thank you
  9. @koimusic1049: Amazing
  10. @myautobiographyafanfic1413: It doesn't help that the content isn't something people would watch.
  11. @ericjimenez8: amazing video. more of these would be great!
  12. @_skyeline: Editing a video about editing a video must be pretty interesting...
  13. @WothemGottem: It would have been a good investment to get a super experienced editor, like you, to judge the video before uploading it. I am going to remember this.
  14. @GigaChadBigW: Question if you stop the subscription of Lickd  the music in my video wont be monetize?
  15. @RugoGaming: I'm starting to develop an inner-Hillier voice, and I like it. Great stuff man, now to just get myself to stop binging your content and finish these next few videos.
  16. @terogamer345: Amazing insights but lol at "here is why your series failed" while each video got at least 1.3+ million views, damn the standards are high 😅
  17. @nancymcmonarch: OMG, yes, shell out a little money for music licenses.  That canned, tinny "YouTube" music screams CHEAPSKATE! and is universally awful.  Nobody wants to hear Joe Nobody's homemade songs that kinda sorta sound a little bit like Pink Floyd, Brian Eno, or a frantic case of indigestion.
  18. @omis1459: If you give so many tips then why you have 340k subs and not 100m+ ?
  19. @PK_the_pumpkin_king: love your editing skills and i was wondering if you could help me out with mine with some advice… im a new gaming youtuber and have -5 editing skills so in learning but how much game footage should i start with to stop and edit? or what would you ask from someone? any advice would be amazing again your skills are crazy good im watching your videos trying to get an understand it all.. again any advice if any would be much appreciated ^.^
  20. @turkeybunker: How it hard, but interesting)

- Viral Fails You Missed! | 100% Instant Regret: Kind: captions Language: en No. Okay. So, number Yeah. I thought my car was broken into cuz I saw glass on my seat, but it's someone's car exploded all over mine. Don't you're going to burn yourself. It's really too dark to be doing any kind of speed test. >> Too dark to not be paying attention to what the hell I'm doing. Oh, >> okay. >> Ready? >> Yeah. You >> ready for the back flip? >> Yeah. Drink water. It's water. He's getting That is a whole lot of special. Go ahead. Okay, it's beginning. Okay. Woo! Not you. >> The moment the extra person exited the car and adjusted. Yeah, she is out of the car now. >> Um, I'm afraid she's not >> driving you in a moment. >> If you will continue to refuse me because I'm afraid we might cancel the trip. I'm from the book is what I need. >> Dad, are you okay? >> Oh my god. I swear to God. I Okay. Hey Siri, call 911. When you when you throw it, let go. >> Hold down. Lord, have mercy. You want to park a little closer? >> Can you want me to? >> You ain't open my door. >> You want to park closer? >> No. It was a It was a joke, idiot. Why they pull in front of you then? Greg, are you all right? >> Oh, a little rough. Oh, look at that. Oh my god. Oh my god. Whoa. Oh, what was that? Was Slugworth flying that plane or what? There's a couple oopal loopas on board for sure. Yeah. Oh my I think so. >> Welcome to It's a Small World. He didn't even notice you dropped that. >> Do you think you're missing something? Are you missing something, Marky? >> My wallet. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just I know how I've got myself in this position. But it's not good. >> What if Minecraft was real? Oh. All right, let's hear this chop. Let's hear this thing chop. Don't you look like a turtle? >> What? Come on. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> What's wrong? Okay. >> When I came up Damn, man. >> Put it out, sweetheart. Going to spray that pole over there. They say I have pretty good accuracy. I play video games all the time. Missed I got All right. Throw. You got to look where you're throwing, pal. Okay. Ready? Are you looking? >> Are you looking? >> Go get it. Go like that. >> Uhhuh. >> Bam. And then you kind of like fold your whole arm in and you throw it up hook. Yeah. There you go. And then you're like, >> "Bro, this truck just lost a whole house >> in the middle dolls. You can't even drive that high on top of a car moving. Oh my god. Is this real or is this fake? >> That fake that money that that money >> is that real or fake >> real >> I accidentally did that. I think That's a stop, bro. >> Dude, he shoot me in the >> That's a heavy fish. Ah. One, two, three. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> OUCH. Oh no. >> You're grateful. You're fine. You are fine. >> Now you got to jump. >> Jump. JUMP. >> JUMP. >> NO. Jesus Christ, >> buddy. >> Long as she calls timeout, she's fine. Oh yeah. How much Cosby sauce? All of it. Are you good? GIVE ME YOUR MONEY. GIVE ME YOUR MONEY. OH GOD, THERE'S A DOG. Oh my god, I didn't know you were in there. I'm so sorry. I'm This is my friend. Love your dogs, by the way. Oh, little weenie. MY HAIR BLEW OFF. OH MY GOD. Let me just let him smell it then throw it down. >> Smell it then throw it down. >> Yeah. Uhoh. >> Uhoh. Here they come. >> Hi You okay? You >> all right, man? >> Yeah, he's right in the pool, dude. I don't know whether this is going to explode or not. I'm shooting Yeah. Slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow. He needs to go over more. Slow slow. You all right? You all right? You need to move forward on balance. >> You have to come forward. >> But you got to come down here. >> Right. Right. RIGHT. My nose ring is caught in my sunglasses. Is it here? Let me help you. >> Don't pull it. >> Come on. Let me help camera down and help me. >> Ow. I'm trying. Okay. >> Hold my phone. >> Your phone. Put your phone away. >> I I can't get it. >> You haven't even tried. >> Listen, I got some needlense pliers. Listen. >> How's it? How's it coming? >> I can't even see it. >> This is >> I can't get it off. >> This is This is the best thing ever happened to me right now. >> Oh yeah, we got it. You lost that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @endless013 [21 likes]: I'm just starting my day and I might as well end now and go back to bed I'm not going to see anything funnier than that first clip today
  2. @jeffshellow4069 [1 likes]: 9:28 put down the fone, you DONK,  and use both hands
  3. @jeffshellow4069 [1 likes]: 3:49 sigh
  4. @Cid0484: #1 and #40: in both cases the car was moving the moment they stepped out. HOW the fuck do you not notice that???
  5. @HankAaronJoseph19: 3:45 biggest basket of fries I've ever seen
  6. @Orangechairstudios: Number two had me in complete hysterics
  7. @margaretwade: 1:23 There is no way that baby was able to hold itself up by the fingertips!
  8. @ceesklumper: #10 Why?
  9. @2m7b5: 20:20 is so fucking dangerous. If that hole caves in, you're dying in there.
  10. @waynepantry7023: Stop it at exactly 17:25 .   Quite impressive. Won't need a shave for a while . . .
  11. @CrazyFails-US: Doing a "speed test" in the pitch black dark like at [01:52] is not a "fail," it’s straight-up reckless endangerment. They shouldn't just lose their car, they should lose their driver's license forever.
  12. @dancemattdanceify: rocky dennis 6:53
  13. @micahhawkins8233: 96 is for the ladies.. "women of culture" one might say 😏
  14. @jagramger: 2:26 - Great deal!  All trucks half off today!
  15. @markbecker8661: 1:28 all he had to do was put the lid on to extinguish the grease fire.
Useful tip, learned that in chef school.
  16. @jeffshellow4069: 22:49  nice editing i guess
  17. @Skullc00kie: 96, common sight if you work at a gas station like I do...
  18. @jeffshellow4069: 13:14  gawddammit !   WE.  CANNOT. BE. DEADASS.  Kill me now
  19. @samuellopez1957: No 4 👃💍I REALLY WISH YOU GALS KNOW HOW STUPID  RIDICULOUS U LOOK WITH THOSE STUPID 👃💍🤤🥴🤤🥴
  20. @Matrxmonky: #10 freaks me every time I see it. 
1) Why would you make a LITERAL deathtrap like this? and 2) Why would you think this angle would be ok for almost ANY vehicle, really? 
3) And they're ACTUALLY using it.

- Videos I Could Not Upload...: Kind: captions Language: tr - Bugün, bu kanala yükleyemediğim videolara tepki vereceğim. Mesela, bir keresinde saatte 100 mil hızla giden bir arabayı bir duvara çarpmıştık. Yüklenmeyen bir diğer video ise şişme oyun evlerinden bir şehir inşa ettiğimiz videoydu. Bu çılgıncaydı. Ayrıca dünyanın en uzun domino zincirini yapmayı denedik. Dünyanın Yedi Harikasını ziyaret ettik, ve çok daha fazlasını. Ben ve çocuklar onlara tepki vereceğiz, ve sadece, bilirsiniz, neyin yanlış gittiğini anlatacağız. İlk hangi videoya tepki vermek istersin, Chandler? - Saate 100 mil hızla giden araba duvara karşı. - Bu iyi bir tane. - Bunun hiç hikayesi yok. Sadece bir bowling topunu bir arabaya bantladık, ve sonra sadece çarpıştırdık. - Bekle, bekle, Chris, yavaş çekimde çarpışını görmek ister misin? - İsterim. - Neden? Çok mutlusun. Ve merak ediyorsanız, evet, bu kapalı bir alanda profesyonel gözetim altında çekildi. Bunu evde denemeyin, tabii ki. - Bu eğlenceliydi. - Ne? - Ne kadar uzağa gittiğine bak. - Bunu çektiğimi bile hatırlamıyorum. - Chris orada, "Merhaba, tuvalet kağıdı" diyor. - Evet, çünkü yeşil ekranı düzenleyebilirdik. Yeşil ekrana vurmanın komik olacağını düşündük. Vay canına, bir köpek balığına vurduk. - Oh hayır, bir köpek balığı tarafından yeniliyoruz. - Vay. - Oh hayır, daha fazlası var. - Bunu oraya kim koydu? Oh bekle, Chris'in çıldıracağını zaten biliyorum. Chris bunu çok seviyor. Peki Chris, burada ne oldu? - Bu arabanın üstünde ekmek var, bu arabanın üstünde de ekmek var, çarptılar, boom, sandviç. Şuna bak. - Gerçekten işe yaradı. - Bir nevi. Bu sayılır. - Bir şekilde işe yaradı. Ailenizin size sandviç yapması yerine, sadece iki arabayı alın ve birbirine çarpın, ve işte böyle sandviç yapabilirsiniz. - Ailenizin arabalarını kullanın. - Ve ayrıca onların kredi kartını alın. Şimdi, tüm bu kaostan sonra, sonunda bu arabayı saatte 100 mil hızla bir duvara çarpma zamanı geldi. Gaz pedalına bir tuğla attın ve işte gidiyor. Arabada kimse yok. Gidiyor, tırmanıyor. Ve işte böyle. Tüm videonun bulanık bir kamera çekimine dönüşmesi. Ve tam o kamera çekimini gördüğümde, "Bunu sadece sileceğiz" dedim. Ve bu, 100 mil ile giden arabayla duvarın karşılaşması. Ama tüm videolar hikayeleri yüzünden çöpe gitmiyor. Bazı videolar, kelimenin tam anlamıyla, parçalanıyor. İşte depomuzun güvenlik kamerası görüntüleri. Orada dev bir yapıştırıcı çukuru var, ve yapıştırıcıdan en son çıkan bir sürü para kazanacaktı, ama yapıştırıcı çukuru bunu tutamadı, ve kelimenin tam anlamıyla patlayarak açıldı, bu biraz ironik, çünkü binlerce pound yapıştırıcının birbirine yapışacağını düşünürdünüz. Temizlemek haftalar sürdü. Eğlenceli değildi. Yüklenmeyen bir sonraki video Dünyanın Yedi Harikasını ziyaret etmekti. Yaptığım şey, tüm arkadaşlarıma dünyanın rastgele bir harikasına tatil sürprizi yapmaktı. Mısır Piramitlerine mi gittin? - Evet. - Peki sen nereye gittin? -Stonehenge, bir kaya gördüm. - Evet, o berbattı. - Evet, korkunçtu. - Garrett, Machu Picchu'ya gitti. - Ve biz buradayız. Neden, bilmiyorum. Jamie? - Marcus Büyük Kanyon'a gitti. - Hadi gidelim! - Ve devam ediyor. Oh vay, vay. - Chandler, hadi, bir karşılaştırma yapmalıyız. Bu, kız arkadaşının endişelenme dediği adam. Bu sensin. - Evet, evet. O zaman seninle başlayalım, Chandler. Bu, Büyük Piramitlerdeki halin. - Büyük Piramitlerdeyiz. Bu, şemsiye şapkalı tur rehberimizdi. - Piramitler nasıldı? - Onlar... - Büyük mü? - Evet. - İşte araçtaki sen. - Bu adam beni buraya götürdü. - Aman Tanrım. - Evet, arka tekerlek üstünde gidiyorduk, çok eğlenceliydi. - İşte Ty Niagara Şelalesi'nde. Sanırım haber muhabiri gibi davranmaya çalışıyordu. Bu görüntülere bakmayalı uzun zaman oldu. Peki, Chris nerede? - Chris'in nerede olduğunu merak ediyorsanız, Stonehenge'e gitti, ve orada yapılacak bir şey yok. Bakın, arkamızda kayalar var. - Gerçekten mi? - Sadece kayalar. - Ve bu bir dünya harikası mı? - Evet, öyle. Neden bir harika olduğunu merak ediyorum. Belki de bu yüzden bir harika. - Gittiğim dünya harikası Roma Kolezyumu'ydu. Ama oraya uçarken, yanlışlıkla kameramı uçakta bıraktım, ve lanet olası İtalya'da bir kamera mağazası bulamadım. Size bir iç çekişle vuracağım. Bu video yaklaşık 90.000 dolara mal oldu tüm uçak biletleri, oteller, yemekler, tüm o şeylerle birlikte. 90 bin. Ve kameramı uçakta unuttuğum için, havayolunu aradım, bulamadılar, görüntülerim yoktu ve yükleyemedik. Ve bir sonraki videomuz domino taşlarıydı. Bu domino videosunu dört kez çekmeye çalıştık, ve dört kez de işe yaramadı. Size anlatayım. Bu videoyu ilk çektiğimizde, herkesi bir odaya topladım, ve onlara en havalı domino düzenini yapanın para kazanacağını söyledim. Ama sorun şu ki, hepsi domino dizmede berbattı, ve o kadar havalı değildi. Bu yüzden onlara bir şeyler inşa etmeleri için üç gün verdim ve yapabildikleri tek şey bir creeper'ın gözleriydi. Her neyse. - Bu 7.000 domino idi, uzun zaman aldı. - Üç gününüz vardı. Bu nedir? Sonra ertesi hafta, dünyanın en uzun domino Bu domino dizen biziz, ve dünyanın en uzun domino zincirini yapmaya kararlıydık. Rüzgar sürekli onları devirdi, bu yüzden sonunda onları yanlarına dizdik. Kağıt üzerinde iyi görünüyor, zinciri rekorunu kırmak. Ama hızlıca fark ettik ki, insanların 15 dakika boyunca domino dizmesini izlemek sıkıcı bir şey. Bu hurdaya çıkan videolar aylar öncesine ait. Açıkça bunların hiçbiri yeni değil. - Bu video ne hakkında? - Bilmiyorum. İşte zincirin bir görüntüsü. Çok uzun bir günün ardından, işte tüm dominolar. Şuna bak. - Bu delikanlı işi. - Biz kararlıydık ve Chandler sürekli devirmeye devam etti, ama biliyorsunuz, her seferinde devam ettik. Ve Chandler derken, kendimi kastediyorum. - Hımm, bu videonun neden yüklenmediğini merak ediyorum. İzlerken sıkılıyoruz. - Evet, biliyorum. Nedense, yol kenarına bir domino zinciri döşeyip bu şekilde dünya rekorunu kırabileceğimizi düşündük. Ama hayır. Bunu fark ettiğimizde, hepsini devirmeye karar verdik, çünkü neden olmasın? Ve evet, bu zincir- - Devrilmedi. Şimdi devriliyor. Bu zincir. Bu düşündüğüm kadar heyecan verici değil. Bu biraz yavaş. - Bu çok sıkıcıydı. Yani, bu videoyu neden iptal ettiğimizi görebilirsiniz. Domino zinciri biraz sıkıcı görünebilir, ama sonunda harika bir sürprizimiz vardı. Bu domino sanat eserini videonun finali gibi yere serdik. Şu YouTube logosuna bak. - Bu iyi bir YouTube logosu. - Ooh, bu oldukça tatmin edici. Bu gerçekten tatmin edici. - Oh. - Oh. Yerleştirdiğimiz hiçbir şey çalışmadı. Sürekli gidip daha fazla domino devirmek zorunda kaldık. Bir felaketti, tamam mı? Domino yerleştirmekte iyi değiliz. Bu dominoların ne kadar maliyeti olduğunu biliyor musun? - Ne kadar? - Sanırım 70 bin dolar civarında. - İyi ki ben ödemedim. - Sosyal mesafe. - Vazgeçtiğim bir sonraki videoda birkaç köpeğe hayatlarının en iyi ayını yaşatmak istedim. Bir ahır aldım ve onu köpek cenneti gibi görünmesi için yeniledim. Hatta arka tarafa dev bir çit inşa ettim. Köpeklere sınırsız yiyecek, sınırsız oyuncak aldım, tam olarak isteyebilecekleri her şeyi. Ama sorun şu ki, Amerika'da, bir sürü köpeği barındırıyorsanız, bir sürü yasa var, ve görünüşe göre bunu yapamazsınız. Yani evet, bu ahıra ve diğer tüm şeylere 60, 70 bin dolar harcadım. Ve sonra çekim yapmaya geldiğinde, fark ettim ki, "Oh, bunu yapmama izin yok. Bir sürü köpek alıp onlara kral gibi davranmama izin yok. Görünüşe göre bir sürü köpek barındırmak için lisans ve benzeri şeylere sahip olmanız gerekiyor." Biz de içini boşalttık. Sırada dünya rekorlarını kırmaya çalıştığımız bir video var. İşin özü, ben ve çocuklar yaklaşık yüz dünya rekoru kırmaya çalışacaktık, ve şaşırtıcı bir şekilde, düşündüğümüzden çok daha zordu. İşte bunlardan bazıları. Ve hatta Cam Newton'u aradık. O bir NFL oyun kurucusu bize bazı futbol rekorlarını kırmamızda yardımcı oldu. - [Seyirci] Ooh! Başardı! - 31 yarda ile, resmi olarak harikasın. - Teşekkür ederim, Baba. - Bu, en uzun atıştı, 31 yarda uzaktan bir lastiğin içine attı. Bu inanılmaz. - [Seyirci] Başardın, dostum. Üç, iki. Sende, sende, sende! Oh! Üç, sende, sende, sende. Evet! - Chandler, en uzun gözleri bağlı yakalama için dünya rekorunu kırdı. İnan ya da inanma, bu aslında gerçek bir dünya rekoru. Mesela, Guinness oradaydı, ve bu, en uzun mesafeden gözleri bağlı yakalama rekoruydu. - Bir başka Guinness Dünya Rekoru unvanı. Siz hala resmi olarak harikasınız. - Teşekkürler. - [Seyirci] Hey! - Sen ve Cam Newton bir dünya rekoru kırdınız. - Evet, kırdık. Ve bu rekoru bana verdiği için Cam'e teşekkür ederim. - Onunla başka bir rekor daha kırmadın mı? - Evet, tam olarak bu rekor birçok NFL oyuncusu tarafından tutuluyordu. - Bir dakikada en çok tek elle yakalama rekoru 30'du, ve sonra sen ve Cam 32 mi yaptınız? - 51. - Vay. Ooh. - 51 yakalama ile. - Ben bunu oyun kurucum olmadan yapamazdım, dostum. - [Seyirci] Evet. - Ve kırmaya çalıştığımız son dünya rekoru en yüksekten yakalanan futbol topuydu. 600 fit yükseklikte bir helikoptere bindim, ve futbol toplarını düşürüyordum. Burada gördüğünüz gibi, stadyuma çarpıyordu, ve sürekli kaçırıyorduk, ve aslında zamanımız bitti, bu yüzden o dünya rekorunu kıramadık. Ama o rekor harika olurdu. - Ve bir sonraki iptal ettiğimiz videoda şişme oyun evlerinden bir şehir inşa ettim. Her nedense, onlarca şişme ev kiralamanın, ve sonra tüm bu insanları getirip bir şehir kurmanın iyi bir fikir olduğunu düşündük. Şu anda baktığınız bu drone çekimi, gerçekten şişme evlerden bir şehir inşa ettik. Tamam, işte videonun başlangıcı böyle. Şişme evlerden oluşan şehre geldik. - Buradaki her şey zıplıyor, ve vatandaşlarımız zıplamayı çok seviyor. - Kardeş Bobby Bulvarı. - İşte bu bir geri dönüş. - Etiketi hala üzerinde olan şu ağaca bak. - Bu, hayatımızda çektiğimiz en utanç verici video. - Bu da ne? Bunu kim buraya koydu? - Daha utanç verici kısım başlamadı bile. - Alan, her biri bir posta kutusuyla tamamlanmış, ve tüm çim biçme makinelerimiz baloncuk üflüyor. - Tüm çim biçme makinelerimiz - Bu adam kasabanın meyve satıcısıymış, ve bizden plastik meyve için 100 dolar istiyordu. - %100 kalite. - Peki bu elma ne kadar? - 100 dolar. Bu şekilde olgun olduğunu anlarsın. Nasıl? - [Chandler] Dostum, o şeyin ortası acıttı. - Sağlamdı. Dostum, bu videoda beş kez beyin sarsıntısı geçirdim. Ah, burada tekrar yere seriliyorum. - Ona seni yere sermesini de söyledim. - Chandler tüm video boyunca insanlara gidip "Chris'i yere ser" diyordu. İşte iyi kısım burada. Nedense, üçlü bir muz düellosu yaptık. - Açmaza girdik. - Evet. "Ne oluyor?" gibiydik. Bu, inşa ettiğimiz şehrin sadece bir kısmı. - Bu, utancın bir kısmı. - Evet, daha iyi bir ifade şekli. Tamam. Şimdi, Şişme Şehir'de bir zıplama önleme gücü vardı. Evet, bakın, bunda harikaydım. - Şuna bak, şuna bak. Yetenek. - Marcus'a bak. - Ve bu kısımda, Chris'in bir makası vardı, bu şişme oyun evlerinden yapılmış bir şehir, değil mi? Onu patlatırsan, işlerini bitirirsin. Sonra o şeyleri patlatmaya başladı. Sonra biz kaçmaya başladık, ve herkes bizi kovaladı çünkü elimizde makas vardı. - Merak etme, koşmaya başlamadan önce makası attım. Makasla koşma. - Ve böylece kasabadan kovulduk çünkü elimizde bir çift makas vardı, ve bu kurallara aykırı. Ve işte şişme oyun evlerinden bir şehir inşa edişim. Duygusal bir hız treni gibiydi, en hafif tabirle. - Bunun gün yüzüne çıkmayacağını umuyordum. - Ama işte çıktı. Rica ederim. Bu benim acı köşem. Ve bugün size göstereceğim son video bu dinozor videosu. Ben ve çocuklar dinozorlarla bir alışveriş merkezini bastık ve siz bunu beğendiniz, bu yüzden daha fazla dinozorla tekrar yaptık, ve siz bunu da beğendiniz. Bu yüzden mantığım şuydu, hadi daha fazla dinozorla tekrar yapalım. Bu yüzden 1.000 dinozor kostümü aldık ve yüzlerce insanı bir gün topladık. Bu aylar önceydi, şu anda olan tüm bu şeylerden önce. Ve hepsine dinozor kostümleri verdik ve mekanları basmaya başladık. Bunun işe yaramamasının nedeni benim hasta olmam oldu, ve yarıda ayrılmak zorunda kaldım. Hasta olmaktan nefret ediyorum. - Hasta Jimmy iyi Jimmy değil. - Ama buna rağmen, video hâlâ gerçekten çok komik. Vay, şu dinozorlara bak. Hâlâ bu kadar insanın geldiğine inanamıyorum. Dinozor kostümü giyen herkese selamlar. Sizi seviyorum, arkadaşlar. O gün ayrıca çok sıcaktı. Ve tabii ki sahada oynadıktan sonra, baskın yapmamız gereken ilk yer bir spor salonuydu, - Ama sıradan bir spor salonu değil, bir trambolin salonu. - Şu dinozorlara bak. Oh. - Oh. - Yok ol. Videonun fikri, yüzlerce insanı dinozor kostümleriyle giydirirsek, mağazalara girip komik olabileceğimizdi. Spor salonu güzeldi, ama en sevdiğim kısım sinema salonuna baskın yaptığımız zamandı. İşte burada. Yüzlerce insanı dinozor kostümüyle bir sinema salonuna götürdük. Bu salondaki her koltuğa bilet aldık, böylece bu çekimi yapabildik. - Bu oldukça pahalı değil miydi? - Öyleydi. - Ve işte burada. Şuna bak, dostum, bu çok komik. Ah, onlara bak. Çok eğleniyorlar. - Bekle, iki bilet almayı unuttuk mu? - Orada randevudalar mı? - Bazı insanlar tam ortamızda randevu yapıyor. - Ne? - Bu, dünyaya çarpan bir asteroit, ve bu kesinlikle dinozorları kızdıracak. - Bu beni de kızdırırdı. - Onlara 'flashback' yaşatıyor, ve hepsi delirdi. Bunun çok komik olacağını düşündük. Öfkeyle, bir alışveriş merkezini yağmaladık, çünkü dünyanın tekrar yok edildiğini izlemeye zorlandık. - Herkes alışveriş merkezinde bunu seviyordu. En azından herkesin gününü güzelleştirdi. - Evet, muhtemelen alışveriş merkezi sahibi hariç "Ne halt oluyor?" gibisinden bir şey dedi. - Aslında gerçekten bunu söyledi, duydum. - Kendimi daha iyi hissettiğimde, yeniden yapmak istedim. Ve dedim ki, "Kaç tane kostümümüz var?" Ve onlar, "Hepsi gitti. Herkes onları eve götürdü." dediler. Ve ben de, "Vay be." dedim. Ve bu videonun özünü anladınız. Geçmişte tonlarca videoyu çöpe attık. Hepsini toplarsanız, bu hiç yüklemediğim videoların çekimleri muhtemelen 400.000 dolardan fazla tutmuştur. Ama sizleri önemsiyorum ve çöp yüklemek istemiyorum. Ve bir video iyi değilse, yüklemem. Ve parayı bir kenara bırakırsak, bu videoları yapmak gerçekten çok uzun sürdü. Mesela bu şişme ev videosu, haftalarımızı aldı. Dünyanın Yedi Harikası, altı günden fazla uçuş yaptık. Domino videosunu dört kez çekmeyi denedik. Saatte 100 mil hızla giden araba videosu, neredeyse bir hafta hazırlandık ve birkaç gün çekim yaptık. Bu da gün ışığına çıkmamış bir aylık bir çalışma gibi. Sadece iyi videolar yüklemek istediğimi söylediğimde, gerçekten ciddiydim. Bir video için bir ay, 100.000 dolardan fazla harcamış olsak bile umurumda değil. Eğlenceli değilse, ve sizin beğeneceğinizi düşünmüyorsam, onu bu çöp kutusuna atarım. "Buz Devri" bebeğine yedireceğim. Bunların neden duvarımda olduğunu bilmiyorum. Bu yüzden bana bir iyilik yap ve abone ol, çünkü söz veriyorum ki abone kutunuzda ne olursa olsun en azından biraz iyi olacak. Görüşürüz. Abone olun yoksa Minecraft hesaplarınızı silerim.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [185000 likes]: These videos took forever including the last one
  2. @AhmedOsama-m4n8b [1 likes]: I'm hope to check video without lm in Egypt
  3. @AngélicaVillarreal-h4m [1 likes]: Old mrbeast is so peak
  4. @MdRokman-y6t: Hi Jimmy videotape Asheville 0:59 you Jimmy 🇧🇩🇧🇩
  5. @KanzonTêtu: Je t'aime Mr Beast ❤❤❤
  6. @arjunagarwal5473: This is why ur the goat I guess
  7. @Silvioktapia: 1:05
  8. @MimisWorld-n8n: 12:35  you should of uploaded the Dino vid I would of loved it
  9. @MimisWorld-n8n: 2:38  Didn’t that one get uploaded? Like a year ago?
  10. @MaximoGonzalo-n7r: At 2:33 that's not Machu Picchu because Machu Picchu is in Peru and that's from me
  11. @HsjanNanaj: 😮❤❤❤❤😊
  12. @nicolasdanielgutierrezreye4415: literalmente mr beast no sabe que ´´Machu picchu´´ es en realidad es chichen itza
  13. @BrandonDeese-h9k: What is the problem to not? Posting them.
  14. @notchplays6194: 6:21 don’t say it
  15. @MdJulfikar-w2p: Good 😮 0:16
  16. @CatsloverYas: 00:20 I swear I saw this video like the full video I swear!!!!
  17. @CatsloverYas: 00:20 I swear I saw this video like the full video I swear!!!!
  18. @ธนพัฒน์จิรัตน์ฐิกุล: Hi
  19. @DemonONsight29: Why is chandler not in the frame k feel sad for him🥺🥺🥺
  20. @Nightshoxz: Tomorrow will be 6 years

- Niche Bending: Why Copying Viral Niches Fails in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So you found a viral YouTube niche, a faceless channel making $34,000 a month, and your first thought was, "Let me go make the exact same channel." Cool. So did 47,000 other people who watched the same video. Now you're all fighting over the same audience with the same thumbnails, the same AI voice, getting 12 views while the original creator and the algorithm both ignore you. That's not a strategy. That's a stampede, and in 2026, YouTube's AI is smart enough to recognize the stampede and bury you in it. But the creators actually making money right now? They watched the same niche reveal videos you did. They just didn't copy. They bent. Here's what I mean. Every YouTube niche is two things: a market, that's the topic, psychology, yoga, finance, and a format, that's how you present it, AI character narrates, animated visual, illustrated explainer. Copying is taking someone's market and their format. That's a stampede. While niche bending is taking their format and doing a market swap, rolling it into a completely different topic. Format-first thinking. Find the format. Swap the market. That's the entire method. Let me prove it. A channel called Felu made videos about the psychology of cats. Illustrated characters, voiceover, interesting facts. Blew up. Someone did a market swap, same format, but about dogs. That's Mindful Paw. Also blew up. Then someone looked at both and thought, "The format isn't about animals. It's about psychology. What if the subject is babies instead? Same illustrated characters, same voiceover, but now the audience is new parents. Completely different market. Almost zero competition." That channel is pulling thousands of views. Three channels, same format, three different markets. None of them is competing with each other. Now, that's niche bending. And the next logical bend, psychology of pregnant women. Massive audience, high CPM. Nobody's doing it yet. So I just gave you a new viral niche for free. Second example, I just covered the animated yoga niche, Yoga with Larissa, 108,000 subscribers from 65 videos, Happy Flow, monetized in under 3 months, $34,000 a month according to VidIQ. Format, AI character, countdown timer, calm music, short voiceover. Both channels target kids yoga. If you copy them, you're channel number 500 in kids yoga. But watch what happens when you do a market swap. Same format, yoga for pregnant women, higher CPM, underserved. Yoga for seniors, aging population, untapped. Meditation poses for anxiety, mental health crossover. Four channels, one format, all from the same 30-second observation. That's format-first thinking. Not every format bends. Some are locked to their creator or their market. So here's the four-second test. One, can you describe the thumbnail in one sentence? If yes, it's a format. Two, can you swap one word in the title and it works for a different topic? Bendable. Three, does it depend on a specific person's face or personality? If no, it transfers. Four, could it work for a completely different audience? If yes, you found your bend. If all four are yes, that format is transferable. Grab it. Here's the framework. Five simple steps. One, find a fast-growing channel. Look for new channels where views are way higher than their subscriber count. Those are format-driven, not personality-driven. Like this channel, Bible Blade, just 18,000 subscribers, but look at these views, over 300,000 on one video, 60,000 on another. Faceless, no personality driving it. That's a format, and that format is bendable. Two, separate format from market. Very important. What is this channel doing? Not the topic, the production format, AI character, animation style. Isolate it. Three, list five markets where that format hasn't been applied. This is the creative step. Look for markets with large audiences, high search demand, and premium advertisers. Markets like psychology, finance, self-improvement, health, education. And if you're stuck here thinking, "I don't know which markets are actually profitable," I put together a guide with 100 of the most profitable YouTube niches with their CPM data, competition levels, and growth rates. So instead of guessing which market to bend into, you're picking from a list of proven winners. Link is in the description. Four, validate. Search YouTube for your bend. Few results or only small channels, open space. 10 established channels already doing it, that bend is taken. Move on. Five, build. And here's your advantage. Copycats compete from day one. Benders are often the first or second channel in their space. YouTube actively pushes content in underserved categories. You get free discovery that copycats will never see. Quick reality check on why copying specifically dies in 2026. YouTube's algorithm now runs on viewer satisfaction, and in 2026, it doesn't just measure clicks. It measures the uniqueness of value. If your video's a one-to-one clone, your average view duration craters because viewers have literally seen it before. The algorithm detects that drop and stops recommending you. When 50 channels have the same thumbnails, same titles, same AI voice for the same topic, the viewer picks one. The other 49 get buried. When someone searches your bent niche and only two or three channels exist, YouTube has no choice but to recommend you. Less competition means more impressions per video, faster growth, faster monetization. You're not taking a risk on an unproven idea. You're taking a proven format and finding a new audience for it. Copying is a race with thousands. Bending is a lane with nobody. Same effort, completely different outcome. Psychology of cats became dogs, became babies. Kids yoga became pregnancy yoga, became yoga for seniors. Same formats, different roads. Every single one is profitable. So here's your move. Next time you see a viral niche, don't copy the channel, copy the format, then do a market swap. Format-first thinking. Market swap. Niche bending. That's the game. Here's what I want you to do. Drop the most saturated niche you're stuck in right now in the comments, and I'll reply with a bend for it. Personally, your niche, your market swap, from me to you. Want to see a niche bend in action? Let me know in the comments, and don't forget to subscribe. See you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @savagesidehustler [2 likes]: Amazing how up until now you and others like you preached how to copy the channels that were "blowing" up (you and others were teaching us how to go to Chatgpt and make similar logos, copy the transcript and tell it to make it a similar one and blablabla) and how you guys make thousands of $, but now with the algo change you are telling us that the method is dead and it doesn't work and basically mock those who did it. 

Right, you also promoted Ai Slop - Yeti doing something, animals of all sorts doing whatever they were doing ... until Youtube said enough and started banning those channels. I think people should use AI to help them create something, not making mass content without giving a thought about the long term game. 

The solution is simple - find a unique angle, or come up with something fresh, think outside the box. What's sad is that those who watch your videos take for granted what you tell them (not that it's your fault) and go on and flood Youtube with crappy videos and then complain about not being monetised. More or less, channels like yours promoting this mindset of copying others led to Youtube's change in policies.

Anyways, keep up the good work. I know it's a lot of work in putting up a video.
  2. @TheClipperz-8 [1 likes]: How to make space video using free tools
  3. @PleaseSubscrine [1 likes]: There is this shorts niche i think its called ranking but you add phonk and rank video other vs this
  4. @factualstaff [1 likes]: I need your book but I have no money to pay
  5. @SonicsTiles [1 likes]: Understand, publish vidoes more like this , thank you so much! Have good day !🎉🎉
  6. @SunnahSeekersPak [1 likes]: Despite having four monetized channels, I still understand this correctly. Thank you 🌹❤️... Can you tell me what things need to be noted down in the format?
  7. @MoneyMasteryhub.: 📚 100 Profitable YouTube Niches → https://moneymasteryhub05.gumroad.com/l/stzmls (code MMH saves you $5)
📱 Join the Telegram → https://t.me/MoneyMasteryhubYT
Drop your niche idea below — I'll tell you if it's bendable 👇
  8. @eezyCollab-Yiki: Hello, we have a project we'd like to cooperate with you on. Could you please check your email?
  9. @saddam.naeem23: if one channel get viral and getting views in english language and we change their topic or script style into another lanuage does it will work or not still we will get low or not get monetized
  10. @Hardpowerops: Horror storytelling 
And other channel is 
Horror investigator
  11. @EmperorJasper-s3c2o: Am into human psychology niche
  12. @edwardkuboh: I cooied a format from a psychology channel . That their scripting and visuals and tooic styles. I wajt to bend it to finance niche. But finannce is a saturated niche. Hiw can i do tjat please
  13. @BLOODLINELAND: I am into STORY TELLING NICHE, INHERITANCE AND ABANDONED AGE OUT OF FOSTER HOME
  14. @inferno60FPS: If we choose a topic that was previously done in Spanish, and we post it for a USA audience — and the topic is also  (engaging) — is this format good? Will it work? Will it get views?
The only thing we’re taking is the topic — everything else is original.

- Best Viral Fails You Missed | Chaos and Stupidity🤣: Kind: captions Language: en Are you scared? [laughter] >> [laughter] >> Like look at your arms. Press the stop button. >> Look at them. OH, >> last night. [cheering] Woo! Everybody Oh. Stop telling me crazy. >> Oh, dear God in heaven. If you told somebody that it's my birthday and they're coming to sing happy birthday, I'm going to stop. >> Are you serious? >> Very special birthday. >> Are you serious? 1 2 3. Happy birthday to you. Maybe that's a roach. >> That wall. Oh. [laughter] >> Look at this. The craziest you see in Chicago, [music] folk on day. Never. How, folk? I'm sorry. >> All right. Storm is a brewing. Are we getting out? OH. >> [screaming] >> I love the battle. >> HERE. Oh my god. Stay off. WHERE IT GO? Put that on. Add 5 seconds cuz if you panic it restricts it gets tighter. Don't panic. Don't panic. Okay. Yeah. [laughter] >> Good luck, y'all. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. We made it. We made it. We made it. You can candle yourself. >> I can't get out. [laughter] Yeah. [screaming] Wow. I don't feel Ah, son of a >> Oh, no. Thank you. >> A >> A You got dirt under your fingernails. You're the only one. >> It's her mom. >> I'm her mom. Um, who is baby mom? >> I'm the baby's mom. I'm your mom and I'm her mom. >> She was in my belly. >> He's like, "Wait, what?" >> Yeah. Okay. Listen, I'm just thinking if you're going to open a mortuary in Surprise, Arizona, maybe you want to leave the name of the city out of the name of the mortuary. Surprise. >> The car is started. >> I'm dripping in my oven. YOU'RE DRIPPING ALREADY. >> AH, JESUS. >> JESUS. >> To you. >> HAPPY BIRTHDAY. [cheering] OH NO. >> Look at the stand she's in right now. >> Alex. Oh, she just fell down. And I got Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Y'all might as well just fire me. I ain't going to lie. I don't even know how the I did some dumb like this. But yeah, this might be my last day. Oh my. Oh. Oh my. [gasps] ARCHIE. SPECIAL. What the heck? Stop it RIGHT NOW. STOP IT. STUPID. HI. A big SPIDER IN THE KITCHEN. CAN YOU KILL IT? [snorts] HEY, SOMEBODY Let's go. Relax. Big team here. Big line that way. Big line that way. And on Kard. And um I don't know. Like what are we doing? Are they just going to lift this car up? Why' you do that? You stupid head. Ow. What the hell? Nay, come on. Come on. >> Sorry about that, brother. So, about like 3ish weeks ago, I ordered this wall clock for my living room. And you see, like it's super big. It's super modern. And so, it just came in the mail today. And if this isn't the definition the definition of false advertising, I really don't know what is. >> What's >> mama? >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattwuk [2 likes]: The sound of the ceiling fan sent him back to sleep.
  2. @Kv4y [1 likes]: 3:28 this isnt even a fail this is just someone dying💀💀
  3. @joshmatte1471: It's such a shame that I get a really good laugh at the lowering of the worlds IQ!
  4. @seamac7564: @6:05 As a man, I appreciated that...
  5. @Kamifox1: Chris Griffin's not gonna be working for Amazon much longer.
  6. @xD4rkridex: 6:17 awesome person
  7. @Kyiverdam: 3:41, did they survive?
  8. @mattwuk: 09:45 "Speshaaa darivareee"
  9. @KILLFRENZY9921: The guy is asking us to say good luck to him because he about to run in the rain!!! ahahahahahahahahahahaha
  10. @rustyteague8574: 15:28 England has no men left
  11. @Mangalex28: 4:55 girl is hella perfect... And 6:09 too. 
All the white girls in the video are quit fine. The other ones ... Not so much!
  12. @Johnny-69-xxx: It was my first time seeing a cockroach that big. It was more terrifying than watching a horror movie. The moment it was about to fly I felt like I was going to die.
  13. @zsoltlehoczki4783: 13:44 You are high or wtf?
  14. @Skyprince7774: 5:24 Well my city made it into this. I went to that very Enmarket this morning 😅
  15. @rebekahredd5545: 15:26 Mummy, a big spider in the kitchen. can you kill it?
  16. @ADAMHOPKINS-k6y: You can make steaks with that roach
  17. @LinhTapTanh: Cười xỉu, tui cũng 'khéo' y hệt bà, làm đâu hỏng đó 😂😂😂
  18. @jimcypher: Whiskey throttle @ 9:58 💪😂and at 16:16
  19. @BomBoo-n1x: 12:12... Nowhere close to the Amigone Funeral Home, in Bflo. NY.
  20. @dniwu3878: 10:57 🤣

- REACTING to Your VIRAL COMMENTS *June 2024*: Kind: captions Language: en when I put the creep costume on she called the cops on us and the cops were on the way you're probably wondering how did we get the room from this ceiling I'm going to be reacting to my most viral videos from this year and to your guys' comments let's get right into it my goodness we can only go3 miles don't worry Mom I'll look up a gas station oh mom there's a 7-Eleven up here guys every gas station I have to go to is a 7-Eleven and in this one we were in California we had no idea where we were at and this 7-Eleven was in a strip mle I have never seen at 7-Eleven in a strip mall with no gas pumps on the right where right here I can get a s where the heck are the gas pumps at yay we're at 7-Eleven this is not a gas station this is a strip mall sweetie don't M it's good it's 7-Eleven they always have gas I'll go inside and check you're right always check in the back here's my credit card I'll ask the guy in the back guys right here you see that crib vanand we had no idea that this creep van was behind us until I read the comment section one of you guys put not me thinking the white man in the back was a kidnapper like there was a white man that pulled up behind us a creep right behind me and I had no idea until Naro is the best comment today Naruto you know the video so well because I didn't even notice it and most of these videos I film all my shorts they're not scripted we don't have scrip writers we have nothing we like literally this was on the spot we're running out of gas we needed to get gas and you know this is just Amy wo running out of gas don't worry Mom I won't let you down just here for the there it is I really hope she can come out with some gas hopefully mom's card has enough money on guys what I was standing right here this is crazy the people behind me they had a dog they were looking at me like I so weird the store was so quiet and I pulled out a hotel card from the Hampton in and I'm like I really hope Mom's card has enough monies on it looking all crazy it so Mom they really didn't have wow I've never seen gas like this before well that was in the back of the store but I I don't know well I'll take it anything Works uh Mom I don't know if you're supposed to put that in there this will work sweetie this is going to get us to Hawaiian back perfect to Hawaiian back Mom is losing her mind a little bit but mom was like sui go in there and get us some gas and of course sweetie came out with a Slurpee and mom was like we just need gas and throws it in the car crazy and everybody thought that I ruined my new car but actually guys this was a rental car so it was totally okay and it was totally safe cuz we cleaned it after Mama R to clean Bean none of it actually got in the gas saying everything was good it was all good all clean it was all good not the vegetable Museum Part One what are you eating oh nothing mom just some candy Cottons when's the last time you had a vegetable M I had a french fry for breakfast yesterday that it counts french fries count okay because it is a vegetable and it it it's it's a potato just because it's cooked differently counts right no sweetie that doesn't count give me that junk food dang it my candy not the candy cotton you know what I'm taking you to the vegetable Museum right now sweetie oh no I don't like this slimy vegetable Mrs Puff hasn't taught you anything about vegetables who just goes to the vegetable Museum in the middle of the night Mom finally made it this is going to why is mom's glasses literally so messed up like she just needs to get new glasses but Mom's like anity too expensive inflation so much fun sweetie very information oh did anybody notice right here literally right here sweetie had her push poop weapon like right right on her just in case I don't know if anybody noticed that but yeah stupid Museum of vegetable I hope I learned nothing come on sweetie I'm coming my goodness like have you guys ever been dragged to a museum or somewhere super boring and Mom is just like you have to learn and it's like I really hope I learn nothing like it's like force it makes you not want to learn but you know that's just you're just kind of pulled into it and you can't really do anything about it I don't like the Slammy vegetable that's what Daniels 969 says I don't like any of the vegetables that's why I eat french fries for breakfast but that's how I feel about all vegetables they're all slimy but they're not really slimy are they what is the slimiest vegetable let us know in the comments Below guys what is the slimiest vegetable part two guys this gets even better and funnier sweetie look it's the world's largest Orange let's learn about it like why does Mom say orange it's not Orange it's orange oh this orange washed a Shore at Myrtle Beach in 1682 martle Beach guys when we're doing these videos like literally I just say whatever on the top of my mind and apparently Mom was just thinking of Myrtle Beach in a random year if you ever noticed it's always a random year I've never even been to Myrtle Beach but I've always wanted to go because I've heard it's crazy fun guys let me know have you ever been there and if you have let me know in the comments below what is the craziest most funnest thing to do there because I want to go there maybe this year probably this summer I'll be there wait what did you just say this orange washed the shore in 1682 no Mom what did you just call it this is an orange it's not an orange it's an orange mom orange see sweetie this is what I'm talking about you don't know your vegetables this is exactly why we came to the vegetable Museum now go around and about all the signs about the vegetables okay it's vegetable vegetable vegetable vegetable vegetable ice cream vegetable ice cream mom's not even looking right now Mom is so distracted by the vegetable and orange isn't even a vegetable I mean orange did I just say orange smells like fresh citronella this is the best museum ever mom always says to keep the plate colorful I do like today I do like today that's the hack guys if mom always says keep your plate colorful just put a bunch of sprinkles on it because technically the Plate's colorful and it's edible right oh let's see the comments the best comment on that one oh this one's super funny Mohammad B all 782 says her you don't know your vegetables the orange I'm a fruit literally a fruit she's sitting right there and oh it's actually not the world's largest orange however I do want to know where that's at do they even have that is there even a vegetable Museum oh this one's good uh-oh what's the matter mom sweeties there's only one cookie left wait what I call it because I'm older no it doesn't matter no do you guys ever do that like with your siblings like you ever be like I call it because I'm older or I call it because I'm younger because I would always do that i' be like I'm the youngest so I get it I get it cuz I'm younger fighting if you guys can't work this out yourselves we're going to have to do it the most evenly way possible Cubix Rubes whoever can solve their cubic rub first wins the cookie how am I even supposed to solve this have you guys ever soed a Rubik's Cube or do you know anybody that has because I don't I have no idea how to do it I got the easier one hers is smaller than mine she's a little sister so she gets the little one and she's not as smart as you well yeah obviously ready go set there's no way I'm going to to let her win ooh I have an idea she's not even looking I've always thought that like with Cubix robes just peel the stickers off and stick them on all on one side and then you you win automatically guys what you already solve these wow this is incredible nobody in our family's ever solved one of these I see you put in the good work here sweetie here's your reward like how does the mom not notice the stickers my cookie this is not fair well you should have done it faster look I was closed mom see eh go check in the cupboard I think you deserve a vegetable man I that was Harrison's voice was a cookie but I guess we'll just have to eat this the mustard did anybody notice the cookies in their background like sweetie opened up the cupboard and there's a bunch of cookies in the background did anybody notice that by the way I ate all those cookies in like 3 days don't tell Mom I probably should eat a vegetable mom if you're watching this I'm sorry there was actually some pretty good comments Emily randoms said says the cookies in the background what about me what about me they're sitting right there like um choose me I want to be eating right now when Mom find something free on the side of the road sweetie do you remember that Christmas gift that I never got you yeah like that TV yes exactly we're getting it today it's on sale let's go shopping yes I can't believe we're actually getting it can we actually go to Sephora too since we're going shopping no sweetie no samoas Samoa you ever know his mom just says stuff that just does not not makes sense but it sounds like it jeez mom my goodness look at that it's our lucky day sweetie come on what are we even doing here Mom you got to be kidding me right now this is a nice fat screen TV that's not a new TV Guys these TVs this makes me sound really old but this TV was actually like the thing when I was young like if you had a TV like this you were playing the video game on it this thing's from like 1892 it's brand new to our family now help me load it up dang it lift it harder go in the car I'll I'll get it myself I don't want to break the screen this thing's very valuable jeez come on that TV was literally so heavy I couldn't even lift it up guys like I know like Mom's lifting lifting up I couldn't lift it up it was so heavy it was like 100 lb there we go let me plug it up for you I doubt this thing's going to work Mom I didn't think it was going to work cuz we found it on the side of the road this is another one of the videos like we didn't plan this we were we were just driving and and then me and Harris and we saw the TV on the side of the road we're like oh my gosh we just Mom has to make a video about this like Mom sweetie this is totally a thing because like you know are you ever driving down the road and then mom sees Something Free and it's like we have to get this because same anyways we plugged it up and it actually worked guys this TV worked it was free there we go would you look at that this thing's probably haunted Now hook up your Bluetooth there's no such thing as Bluetooth on this happy birthday sweetie mom says happy birthday and she said Christmas the T the TV actually works and that was the most exciting thing about it okay funny comment Alandra doj says that's not a new TV this thing is from like 1892 got me dying another year randomly made up it just means that is super old and another one Elana 5066 says when mom finds a free road on the side of the TV you know we always mix up the the titles just to kind of confuse when mom forgets it's a ha part one half dayss are the best bye sweetie have a great day at school Bye Mom oh don't forget it's a half day at school so you have to pick me up at 10:15 what did she say I don't know she'll text me if it's important sweetie's last day of boating school my last day of relaxation though it's been a great year wait why do I feel like I'm forgetting something that's right yay school that have you guys ever notice that sweetie school is Aspen Dental you guys would know if you've been watching the videos long enough swetie always goes to askto I have to count every leaf on my bushes I have to make sure they're all still here for summer wait where's mom one leaf Mama's supposed to be here at 10:15 two Leaf oh no she probably forgot me dang it guys that lady behind me right there she she looked at me so crazy she's like what in the world why did this girl just run out the dentist and yell dang it why does she think she's at school this is not a school this is a dentist office three leavea I've been sitting here for 20 minutes that's it I'm calling her 9,000 787 9,000 who would be calling me right now hello m mom you forgot to pick me up at school it was a half day I'm really busy right now I'm trying to count my bushes I'm literally stuck here right now can you please come get me soon I no sweetie ah great I lost count of them now we have to restart just calling over really Mom has your mom ever forgot to pick you up somewhere and you were just stranded oh this is an interesting comment which has nothing to do with the video but this person says fun fact you can like a comment by double tapping on it I had no idea that that was possible that girl next door thank you so much for letting me know that because I actually didn't know that feature but speak now 13 says I have to count every leaf on my bushes why is Mom counting bushes why is she counting the leaves crazy mom llas you think I'm that crazy sometimes I can be I can be a little crazy when mom forgets it's a half it part two I guess I'm just going call The Uber about time to clock out anybody noticed it's a different ringtone than usual and actually I got a friend this comment but somebody said finally a ringtone that's not by the seaside cuz I always use by the seaside that goes hello hi can you come get me mom forgot me at school yeah this is Uber I can come pick you up in my cart I mean car I'll be there in 5 seconds okay bye [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business are you the one that orderers the Uber uh yeah that was me where do I sit hop in little girl okay no where are we heading if you could just take me home that'd be great mom forgot me at school today on the last day actually can you take me to McDonald's I really want a Happy Meal yeah I can take you to McDonald's but it's going to cost you extra yay we got to pay for both of us I want a Happy Meal too we can just use Mom's credit card I'm just glad going to make MD Donald's I've had King Burger three times this week what you're so lucky mom never stops at King burgers for me I'm tired of King Burger I love King burgers fipe Sereno 2024 says the fart when she jumped inside the car for real guys wasn't that super funny cuz like when sweetie farted and then the creep starts driving the Uber like the breeze that the creep got like that fart creep just ate it fart three oh this is exhausting I see McDonald's right there hurry make sure you order me something too yo order me the Happy Meal I'll take guys this was one of the most stressful moments ever like have you ever seen anybody take a shopping car up to the drive-thru in order because that's what we did we did that here and we put Uber on this side of it and I literally like was talking to the speaker I'll take two Happy Meals and they they were so confused they came outside and looking at us like what are you guys doing but we kept rolling with it two Happy Meals please yay I got the McDonald's o I wonder what toy I got don't open it yet oh sorry the vehicle has to come to a complete stop before you open it okay I'll wait hurry park the car I call a good toy like why do the creep on the toy like the creep is just a long lost brother or dad or somebody who do you think he is why does he care about the toy as much as I do like that's what I care about when I get Happy Meal I reach it I quickly grab the toy like what did I get dang it my fries no okay you get this fries I don't care about the fries who want the toy I'm kind of glad mom forgot to pick me up from school today I do like today man got this one so many times I wanted the blue one I feel like the crep is just part of the family now he's literally just family or like the friend guys when we were filming this video the craziest thing happened the McDonald's manager was watching us the whole time through the windows and as I was sweetie it was totally fine like everything was great but when I put the creep costume on she on the way but we made it we were still rolling we got out of there we finished the vid butt we were super fast okay this is super funny one Aura Martinez 8910 says the Uber cart Amy being weird every day that's pretty normal Amy just being weird Claudia magia 5558 says if you want part four click guys I don't have a part four but maybe I should make one should I make one it might be a couple days after but if you guys like that one we we can continue it it could be like literally forever it could be up to like a part 578 negative okay this is this is one of my most favorite ones from this year it was super random out of the blue let's watch it fresh Hotel watch out mom I want to see the hotel room the white sweetie opened up the door I was like watch out mom I want to see the room like when you get to a hotel room that is the most exciting thing is like I want to see where we're stand what do the bed look like this is so much fun and they directly want to go jump on the bed D you sweetie a my hip my bed take it easy sweetie hold on I just fell let me see the bed mom Che out my bed no sweetie there's only one bed here and I get the bed then where am I supposed to sleep you can either sleep on the floor or you can sleep on this nice couch have you ever had to sleep on the floor or on the couch at the hotel because that's what usually happens but let's keep watching I don't want to sleep on the couch what if somebody farted on here this is a fresh couch nobody ever farted here it was built in 1942 I guess we're just going to have to sleep in here then that's the thing about hotels you don't know how many people have slept there like on the couch like how many people have farted there how many people have sat there you don't know like Queen Elizabeth could have sat there we don't know that's a crazy thing about hotels mom you got me my own secret room uh yeah sure uh but wait Mom where's my bed it's a water bed I've always wanted a water bed oh my gosh and it even comes with my own blanket thank you Mom this is so fancy oh I love it are you all cozy for the night oh yeah Mom I'm ready for bed I'm in a water bed good night I'm so excited I can't even sleep right now get it a water bed oh oh this is good Yolanda Olivia's qh4 vo says the fart sound when Mom said nobody's ever farted on this couch oh okay okay this is good Dana MC comac Jesus Freak sorry if I ever pronounce anybody's names wrong I'm really trying my best to read this is a fresh couch it was was built in 1942 like is that like what 70 80 90 years old 60 I don't know I have to do the math on that Full House crazy says I don't want to sleep on the couch what if somebody farted here okay we get it the funniest scene was definitely the fart scene when mom lets you drive your school to the scooter that hurts my brain a little bit sometimes it hurts my brain but let's let's let's get into it Mom can I ride my electric scooter to school today yes sweetie but you better make it yes sweetie you guys probably thought I was going to be like Su to school on time I promise I'll get there on time here you go eat your food I'm not even going to go to school I'm going to King burgers I really hope I have some monies perfect M I'm just going to sit here all day did sweetie just buy her ice cream with grass did anybody notice that she used grass as the monies any ice cream only got five more hours to go home why did I buy my ice cream like that have you ever bit your ice ice cream cuz like that was super cold on my teeth oh no it's time to leave I only have 15 minutes to get home oh no I'm running out of gas dang it I got to fill up somewhere this is kind of inflated got to do what you got to do and then she uses a leaf to pay so first she used grass for the ice cream and then she Ed the Lea to pay for the gas my goodness my tire's low I got to get some gas uhoh that looks like sweetie oh no that's mom got to talk in a different voice sweetie oh my goodness sweetie is that you uh who's sweetie this isn't sweetie oh okay sorry I thought you were my daughter D this is so embarrassing that was a close one sweetie talking and the great boys to get away with it oh okay Porter Stacy queen king 8538 says sweetie putting gas in the electric scooter mom's little tired needing gas this is too funny K Brandt 3397 says are we just going to ignore the fact that the mom gave the cat some croca Flo will eat anything oh fluffy a lot of grass when the cart refuses to buy a mom okay sweetie go grab us a cart okay Mom I'll grab it what the heck mom can I have a quarter no sweetie you're just trying to get a quarter for bubblegum I know what you're doing so fun fact crazy fact guys I've never been to Aldi before I I I didn't know this but I had no idea it was the thing you had to pay for the cart isn't that crazy have you guys ever been there no it's not for the bubble gum it's for the cart what let me see this what is this you have to pay for a card what does America come to we are not paying for this too expensive inflations mom just pay for it I think you can get it back we're going to need it we're not falling for this one we're going inside without a cart I got my little wheelbarrow right here did you just call me a wheelbarrow hold this sweetie I need this carrot hold these pickles some leaves some more leaves these two this is way too much stuff no complaining tortilla chips or scoop tortilla chips it's the same thing hurry sweetie don't rush me we'll get both you should have just paid 25 cents for the car hang in there sweetie we're going to the car right now my goodness is that a bubble gum machine where's my you guys probably haven't seen this or I don't know if you noticed this but we switched the stores we went from Aldi and we went to Walmart and we got a little bubble gum machine but this is super funny because my mom actually does this she won't pay for the Aldi cart but she'll buy the bubble gum really Mom you're getting a bubble gum this is worth it but a cart is not delicious dang it MC sh baby says did you just call me a wheelbarrow had' be dying that was the Top com it is pretty hilarious like why did Mom call sweee a wheelbarrow mom is just getting cheaper and cheaper every day inflations when the wild burrito eat your homework so this is a huge hack if you don't ever want to do your homework just feed it to the wild burrito guys let's check check it out this homework so hard I don't even want to do it no way is that what I think it is it's a wild burrito and exactly what I can do Mom I think I'm just going to go do my homework outside yes go get yourself some fresh carbon monoxide I don't even know what that is don't worry I will wild burrito where did you go come here there he is who's the good hungry burrito I'm a burrito I got some unflavored homework for you finsh mom mom the wild burrito's outside and I ate my homework my goodness really it's eating it right now where is it sweetie look there's a wild burrito that's the one that attacked me and ate my homework I'm a burrito jeez sweetie I'm a burrito hurry let's get inside that thing's dangerous are you okay yeah Mom I'm okay I just don't know how I'm going to do my homework now this thing looks destroyed you can't turn this in how about I call Mrs Puff and tell her that the wild burito ate your homework yeah Mom can you do that for me please don't worry I'll get you an a hi is this Mrs PFF I do like today I do like today thank you wber for eating my homework oh this is a super funny comment gaming with pan P says this homework is so hard the homework 2+ one like come on sweetie come on you got this cutie corn Kitty one says the burrito aggressively shaking the paper in its mouth it was pretty hard being the burrito right there like the homework did not taste good at all from a burrito point the homework was very blend no sauce no nothing on it it was it was very tasteless not good do you ever just not want to take a shower because same and if so this video is for you sweetie go take a shower time for sleep no sweetie I took a shower like 3 days to go I'm clean look at the bottoms of your feet my feet aren't even that dirty go take one cu the amount of times I've actually gone to bed when I was a kid and I look at the bottoms of my feet and they're completely black there it's been so many times but now that I'm older I I I don't know but I just can't go to sleep without like taking like a shower just like washing my feet like it's it's just I don't know I just can't do it but right here sweetie literally her foot is so dirty she she needs to take a shower like come on dang it they're so dirty okay it's my lucky day the shower doesn't even work let me see what the heck I just paid the lawn care bill why doesn't this work guess I don't have to take a shower we're still taking a shower come on where were you even taking a shower at wait are we going to Planet Fitness no we're not going to Planet Fitness who intimidating wait can we go to Pearl's house she has a bathtub my goodness go on sweetie get out really Mom this here's your shampoo sweetie and don't forget your towel Mom it's not even that clean it's not dirty it's a freshwater Pond fresh I think I'm just getting dirtier now get your feet real good let me see I don't like today did anybody notice that Mom was cooking Flo food and Flo in the background looking like um hello why are you cooking my food on the stove I didn't even see this comment though just now but cistina K says did no one notice that her feet are so tall like girl but love you in your videos my feet are tall I know even be like my feet are big I get it wait a second wait no hold on I'm just not seeing this c r m NL 420 says since I watched you y'all made me laugh so bad I've been watching you for 19 years hold on I've only been doing this for like four 19 years you guys are made me feel so old guys 19 years ago I was like a baby I was like six I was like llama oh wait so so oh so I'm looking some me replies Nelson Dolla 5344 says she didn't even start 19 years ago and then used her IB 17db p7 new says she's only been making videos since 2018 and then Tiara says fake fan cuz you would have known she started in 2018 guys I don't even know if if this platform was alive 19 years ago I don't know but that was really funny cuz it's like the it's the humor of the channel it's like oh it's been here since 1942 so I I I just know like it's it's I get I get the comment you've been watching me probably since forever oh this one's really funny too finda F 8044 says what the what the heck I just paid the water bill why doesn't this work it's a freshwater Pond fresh when you have to share your sister with your fries here's your Subway yay don't spill it Mom you dropped the bag no I didn't sweetie I handed it to you dang it just make sure you put it all back evenly you have to share it with your sister don't worry Mom I'll make sure to put it all back how it was this one's going to be my fry I'm going to put these in there too big siss is never going to know now that mine's good I got to fill up big sisses perfect always got to that's the trick guys like every time I go to McDonald's and then you're in the car and you got to bring the McDonald's home you always just eat a bunch of the fries and then when you get home you give your sibling the fries that has like less always got to keep it even all right it's all cleaned up Mom it's all in the bag we got Subways ooh what did you guys get me this one's mine and here's yours what the heck you totally ate my fries your fries are literally overflowing you totally stole my my fries I didn't eat any of yours that's how it came ask Mom Mom I made sure of it that she didn't touch your food it's not my fault that McDonald's put it like that I think Mom needs new glasses at this point what do you think does she need them oh here's your chicken nuggets mom got you the eight count since when did they start serving eight8 count well they better all be here 1 2 3 4 5 6 seven eight well at least these are all still here anybody knows floof on the floor just eating something I told you floof just eats anything slow in Vlogs 7 89 says we got Subways when it's McDonald's when you practice bushes with a soccer ball part one sweetie are you ready for your huge soccer recital tomorrow I'm so excited well you better go outside and practice yes I got my soccer ball right here wait mom will you come outside and pass the ball with me yeah I really wish I could come outside and play with you but I'm too busy right now why don't you just call Pearl and both of you guys can practice together okay I'll call Pearl right now hey Pearl will you come over and pass the soccer ball with me you can't what happened you have explosive diarrhea well I really hope you get better soon okay bye why is she on the phone with P star and the crazy thing is guys like just look at this scene look at this right here look look how I'm dressed and then look at Patrick dang it now what am I supposed to do oh well that kind of worked I could just play with the bush wait they have four-wheel drive let's see how sweetie's doing happy boy 624 says I'm too busy reading the history of crock where can I get that guys I really wish that was a real book maybe Mom should write one my goodness My Bushes sweetie what happened Mom Pearl ate 50 crabby potties yesterday and she has explosive diarrhea no for only 50 crabby patties and she has explosive diarrhea I don't know about you guys but I've always wanted to try crabby patties like I never had a cheeseburger in my whole life and I'm being for real about that but like I want to try a crappy Patty like what you know is a crappy Patty made out of I don't know but a G Pearl Expos to diarrhea my precious bushes they're ruined oh uh sorry Mom these were your grandpa daughter's bushes Grandpa's daughter isn't that you Mom yeah I guess you're right how we going to fix this wait sweetie what is that thing you use to look up all your homework aners Oh you mean Chach BS yes exactly how to fix leaves bushes duct tape fixes everything that's perfect I have a lot of duct tape my secret stash here sweetie just start taping them on I'm going to go grab the hose guys you know what I just realized literally like just now in this second maybe that's why Mom was counting the leaves on her bushes because of this video because sweetie was kicking the soccer ball into the bushes and she was ruining the bushes and now Mom was counting the leaves to make sure like are the bushes growing I didn't realize that until just now H yeah that seems about right it's looking so good watch out sweaty ah we're fixing these plants this is going to grow back great I think we said the mom mom going crazy with the hes like what are the neighbors thinking of me I doing the crazy stuff I'm pretty sure our neighbor was driving by in their truck and they were looking over like okay number one why are they taping on leaves on the bushes and why is the host going crazy and why is she taking a giant yoga ball not not even a soccer ball yoga ball into the plant no but my outfit literally looks like Patrick Star I look like Patrick Star I thought it was super cute I was I was thinking that right when up put the outfit I was like I feel like I look like somebody right now who is it oh I'm Patrick no this is Patrick my favorite character on SpongeBob is definitely Patrick though like he's so funny Queen squirrel corn okay that's a really cool name she says your grandpa's daughter isn't that you had me rolling on the floor because mom's like it's your grandpa's daughter okay Grandpa daughter that's mom that's you Mom Ari too nice for you says Pearl ate 50 crabby Bates yesterday and had explosive diarrheas I couldn't stop laughing and my sister was looking at me and she said are you okay do I need to take you to the hospital when your Beach heats up at the stomach if that makes sense mom Are we almost there yeah not yet sweetie that looks like the perfect spot what's so great about this beach anyways you're just a bunch of stupid Boulders on it this is the world famous Myrtle Beach there we go again Myrtle Beach Never B there but I will one day paid a lot of money to be here now just sit down and watch the seagull all right see sweetie look at that seagull this is what it's all about it's not even a seagull oh Mom my stomach's heating up I think I'm having explosive diarrhea Chas sweetie well you're just going to have to poop in the water I am not going too much information but not too much information I actually do have explosive diarrhea a lot guys like that's actually a thing in the water number one there's seab Bears number two I'll turn the whole wave Brown before we go out in the water are going to need some of this how do you even know this is going to work it say it expired in 1682 Mom I don't think this is going to work just go behind that guy's surfboard he's not looking make sure nobody looks have you ever had a go to the bathroom in the most random place like this I don't know about a surfboard but just like a random Place Mom it's just sitting on top of the sand I hope it's okay it's fine sweetie just move away from the surfboard oh uhoh now it's all over the surfboard sweetie now we have to pack it up we have to move beaches we got to go to Virginia Beach now virgin Beach okay let's see let's see the best comment sweaty 1759 says the fart sound got me dying tiger fighter 103 says somebody please get Mom new glasses please oh alra J see sweetie look at the seagull this is what it's all about me's a bird this is what it's all about when you're parking garage wrecks your car I hate parking garages they're just a okay but for real though I do not like parking garages they just give me claustrophobia like it's so claustrophobic in there big Concrete Jungle there's literally so many parking spots on the street you could have just parked between the cars sweetie you know I can't pancake Park it's too tight of pancake Park I mean parallel did anybody get that like pancake Park parallel kind of the same thing Samoa Sephora fit stick your head out the window see if we can fit all right mom I'll stick my head outside you got plenty of room mom are we good you're good you're good I see a parking spot hold on sweetie wait wait who mom what up Mom do you see what you just did hold on sweetie this is the most stressful part you just ripped the whole roof off trying to park the car you're probably wondering how did we get the roof in this ceiling and you know what guys this was a rental car so if you the owner of this car I really hope you're not watching this right now because this is illegal actually it's not illegal but everything was fine it wasn't actually like real like well it was real but yeah perfect okay sweetie what was it my goodness what happened to the roof ah jeez how did it get stuck up there I really hope you got rent Insurance because your ceilings literally in the roof of course we don't have insurance you didn't buy the renters insurance inflations it's okay I didn't write my name on the rental agreement I wrote down Patrick Star's name now the police are going to arrest Patrick starm Mom this is not good we're not going to get in trouble for this all right who's ready for the beach that was so funny like Patrick star that is a hack though like just write down Patrick Star's name if you don't want to get in trouble Carter is classic says I died of laughter when Amy said I hope you got good insurance because the ceiling is in the roof oh this my favorite smarter cat 628 says the place is going to arrest Patrick Star I can't pancake Park it's just happy boy 624 says 5 mph mom goes 200 M hour all righty and the last one today when your Push Pops steals your sister okay girlies I got you two Push Pops yay I know which one I want I want the pink one dang it I wanted the pink one I I always want the pink one because pink is the best color not giving you the pink one you always get the pink one Mom Mom that's the one I wanted no fighting you're just going to have to work it out between you two do rock Pap anybody notice Mom's shirt the aliens are Among Us mom and the aliens like what's up with mom and the aliens paper scissors can we just do something else I'm so bad at that game oh how about whoever can do 20 push-ups the fastest gets the pink one well I actually have been working out a lot lately sure you have flashback 47 61i okay yeah let's do that the marshmallows it's like the scene on SpongeBob when you have two marshmallows and these are real push-ups that have to be real I know how to do push-ups okay on your mark get set go two two 4 5 4 18 19 20 okay I'm done 11 no I win I get the push pop what the heck no those weren't even real push-ups we just moving your back I got the pink one wait what no get back here I do like today they weren't even real push-ups we've all done that we're all guilty of that you know just not doing the real push-up just moving the shoulders NPC r204 says the way she did the fake push-ups it literally just a shoulder workout Sarah hortz 6752 I swear that's how little siblings always be like it's so true we've all done that and then no and then Izzy replies I know Nick replies little siblings are never funny they're the best that's so true I'm the youngest but I'm not like that all right guys that's it for today's reaction thank you so much for watching if you like this video don't forget to give it a big thumbs up me and fluffy we love you so much but for now I got to go make some more Tic Tac [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HaileyChapman14 [2 likes]: i remember in that one video about u getting a new iphone, Floof was chewing on your hair 😂
  2. @garettendsley [1 likes]: Not candy cotton 🍬🍭🍬
  3. @HaileyChapman14 [1 likes]: 31:06 she’s getting all wet! 😂
  4. @MakeedaGaines: There was a creep
  5. @SkylahThomas-h8b: what is a little bit of the uod tomorrow
  6. @abdullahShahzad-k9l: Zaiw
  7. @abdullahShahzad-k9l: 😢wih75cv
  8. @MaryButcher-x2t: When   Sweetie sleeped in    THE  Bath And she said it was comfy it made me laugh😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @MaryButcher-x2t: Why did sweetie Believed the creep Like that is so weird😂😂😂 And then He take her to McDonald's😂 And the creep was mad because he got the same toy😅😅😅😅😅😅
  10. @deeja27: My bab
  11. @ionitairinavioleta65: I HAVE BEEN WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS SINCE I SEEN THEM. THE ARE SUPER FUNNY ESPECIALLY WHEN THE  WILD BURRITO COMES IN THE SHORTS
  12. @Vanillaicecream_7: Sweetie, are you trying to get the bubble gum no mom trying to do it pay for the code then the mom just paid for the bubble gum instead of the cart. That’s a random.
  13. @LiannaCastellanos-w9v: The slime vegetable okra
  14. @LiannaCastellanos-w9v: I don’t like basketball
  15. @brianneduprey0728: Is that person with the black hoodie actually the creep or is it a part of your family or is it for someone who wants to join the crew to be in your team to make videos?
  16. @brianneduprey0728: Yes, I noticed all the cookies. It was crazy. I was like just eat those.
  17. @ellieleighx6795: Answered. I did.  This  3           time,ssssssssssss
  18. @ellieleighx6795: are.  You nasty. Bru
  19. @ellieleighx6795: Greennnnnnnn.   I'll.   Yuck
  20. @ellieleighx6795: Why  do. You use  a. Wait

- Behind Eugene • Making A Viral BuzzFeed Video: Kind: captions Language: en - Sex, beauty, modeling campaign, you know? - Yeah. - But in your head you're thinking bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, but it comes across on your face like really, really elegantly. I'm Eugene Lee Yang and I'm a video producer at Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. - Many people think that we're just actors but we're actually also writers, producers, directors, editors. We essentially do everything from top to bottom on a shoot. I'm responsible for a lot of the bigger hits that we've had virally. I am just very particular about how I want my videos to come out. The company is expecting me to create one big viral video per month that will really just knock it out of the park across platforms. That's a lot of pressure to be under but I strive under that pressure. I have one big concept that I've always wanted to do, wedding dresses across the world. What I envision is this huge runway show that just showcases gorgeous, expensive gowns that women either historically or today would be able to wear for their wedding day. And just have them strut the fuck out. - Hey, Eugene. - Hey, Andrew. Andrew Gauthier is the Executive Producer of Buzzfeed Motion Pictures. So I'm excited to see how well he takes the idea of wedding dresses around the world. - So what's your video this month? - Oh, well, okay. I really wanted to do something with wedding gowns. - [Andrew] How do you think it's going to do, though? - I think this will blow up. - And you really think you can do it by deadline? - I think I can get it done in one week. I just need-- - [Andrew] I don't believe you're actually going to get it done by then. - No, I don't think I can. I need a lot of time. - [Andrew] I honestly don't know about that. - We're talking about around the world. This needs a lot of prep time. - [Andrew] All right, all right, this is on you. - Don't worry about it, I got this. - [Andrew] Okay. - Cool, well, enjoy your trip in London. - [Andrew] Okay, yeah, let's connect when I get back. - All right. - [Andrew] Just make it work. - I will. I'll fucking do it, I always do it. Hey, hey, don't fall out the window. Come here, come here. I think people might associate me, even within Buzzfeed, as someone who has ridiculously high standards but for me I just think sometimes quality comes at a cost and that cost can be people's comfort. - He demands so much of the people around him, maybe to the point where he doesn't think a lot about the people around him. - I don't think that he puts a crazy amount of pressure on people, I think that people see how much pressure he puts on himself and then they're just like, "Oh God, I have to make this perfect." - What people don't know about Buzzfeed crews is that we don't have crews. We actually use our own interns. For the time being, I have luckily been assigned two different interns. The first intern I have is Caroline who will primarily be focused more on the production side. - I've just heard that it's going to be intense a lot of, what's the word? Shoot. Just like really intense. - Jazzmine, my second intern, will be focused more on the style aspect but she is pretty green to production and film sets. - If I need to be coached through it, then I do, but if not, I'll just act like I know what I'm doing and make sure it looks good. - I'm super worried because I haven't worked with these interns before and this is really the first time where, you know, all eyes are really on me as a producer and a director and as an editor to make something fantastic because if it is fantastic, you get to see how great I was but if it sucks, then you get to see how much bullshit I'm spewing right now. So it better be good. Kari, as my research liaison, I just need to know how many wedding dresses we can get from how many different countries and hopefully we can pull together like, I don't know, 10 to 20. - 10 to 20? - 10 to 20 just to start and then we'll see-- - You're going to need to narrow it down, man. - Let's say world right now but if you have to whittle it down, I would say I'm comfortable with looking at Asia. - This may have to just be Asian. - Okay, cool, so if you can start researching access to fashion designers who are from that country and really represent that style authentically. - We're definitely going to need to find out who we're going with internationally because we're going to have to get it through customs too. - We don't get special customs treatment? - No. - Can you just be like, "It's for a Buzzfeed video"? - No, they will laugh at you. - Okay, well, Caroline, Jazzmine, who are you? - Liana. - Liana, are you, is she my other intern? - [Angela] Yes. - I just found out today that I was going to be on this shoot. - You guys, we're going to be fine, we're going to be great. Sorry, I'm just getting caught up on all this. I've actually secured five different designers from each country and then one extra designer who's doing the traditional Western style gown. Actually, the Afghan designer is the cousin to the crown prince of Afghanistan. - So really legit. - Yeah, she basically just designs for diplomats and royalty. - You're so annoying. - I've been talking to a designer in Thailand, she's going to be sending dresses from New York. - In Thailand? - Yeah, she's in Thailand. This will be around the budget. - Okay, what are the countries that are represented? - The countries that are represented, I've whittled it down to Korea, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Thailand, and India. - All right, one, two, three, here we go. This is really tall. (perky music) - All we have to do is put the plexiglass down. Which is going to serve as a runway. We're going to finish the lighting. I'm aiming at getting our first shot off at 10:00 AM. - I have my Fitbit on with my heartrate monitor. I'm going to keep track of that and keep it mellow. - Watch the gowns with the coffee. Okay, no, watch the bottom, watch the bottom of the gowns. - Oh Lord. - Yeah, okay, just be careful. - Have mercy on us. - Try to get on for first shot at 11 now. That's my goal. so I want to get it centered because this is going to be how it's lying. There's a black spot right there. Can we move that black spot? What is that? Is that lint? Like a quarter inch back, no, it was a little too-- No, like an eighth of an inch, just a little bit to your right, Shayne, just a tiny bit. No, you're just rotating it. Caroline, lift with him and pull it slightly to your right, Shayne, very slightly, stop. - Like right now? Oh, Jesus. - The first shot will be when the first shot decides to happen. Just got to make sure it's all perfect. That was a ninja move. - Yeah, it was, I saw that. - It's kind of watery, it's okay. - Cool. - Thank you for making this. Jazzmine! No, this is the Thai jewelry. There should be a Ralph's paper bag that has all of the jewelry in it. - I'll go re-look for you. - I would sprint and make sure it's there. Oh, here we go - [Voiceover] Yay! - God, my brain, this is like $10,000 worth of jewelry. Can we take the zebra stripes off of that? I'm going to play the music that it will actually be to. All right. - Hold on. - [Eugene] And. - Wait, how do I get out? - Caroline, you good? - Yes. - Let's roll cameras. Music. You're actually on the wedding aisle, okay? You're walking down to your husband right here and action! - Hi, my name is Michelle Hebert and I'm one of the designers on set today. - You're going to hit, hit, turn left. Really breathe like boom, boom, boom. - [Jazzmine] Why isn't Eugene in a dress? - You always want to be kind of like 31ish degrees - Okay. - So it's not here and it's not like here, it's like right there. I think this should be lower, slightly. I don't want to make the designer mad. - Hi, I'm Kathryn Waldron and I'm the makeup artist. - He's very professional but he's freaking crazy. - Gorgeous, gorgeous, gorgeous, yes, yes! All your jewelry feels so good but you can't have it because it's mine because I'm the queen of Thailand. Whatever, loser, flip out, good, yes! Cut. You guys are good on that camera, right? - [Eugene] All right, let's switch lenses. - I'm the designer for the Afghan clothes. - So one of the models was too thin for the dresses so they called me in. - And turn to camera and pose. Oh, wow. I'm Sofia, I'm not a model, I don't know how to model. You were amazing. - I'm the designer for the Vietnamese bride. - Circle, right? Perfect, perfect, perfect. And set, model. We are over halfway through now. You are all doing an amazing job. - My mom's designs for the traditional Korean dress. - Yeah, you are working that dress, beautiful. For Korea! Turn! - I'm here to provide henna design. - You know who the queen is, oh yes, it's you. You can exit, get out of there. Whatever bitches. One more time. I want you to really sell this last stare. Walk away and stare at them. Stare at them, stare at them, stare at them. Turn, yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! And, cut. That's a wrap. Yeah! Let's get you out of those gorgeous clothes and into like a pizza box, I'm hungry. - I want to learn more about big sets and how we can use this space to create. Sorry, it's late. I can't think very well. - I'm taking away like opening up people's minds and I'm really passionate about that as well. - I know I can be a bit of an ass sometimes but, you know, that's just Asian parenting rule number one. You know? You've got to be strict. You've got to get everything down because in the end, they're going to succeed and they succeeded today, they were great. So I've been editing about three days now. I see about a million mistakes that were made. Sofia was wearing leggings under the dress so I have to cut around fucking leggings but it's cool. But, you know, things like that, you don't notice it on a shoot and you sit here and then you're like, "Fuck! Everything is wrong." That's kind of how I think most filmmakers see footage is everything looks bad. You know, otherwise I think it looks pretty damn good for what we were given. I think everyone involved on the shoot, from the fashion designers to the models to all of the interns and the crew did an amazing job and I'm so proud of what we accomplished with such little means. It's always like comparing it to having a baby. Not nearly as painful, well-- I don't know what it's like to have a baby but it was pretty painful. I feel like I just pushed out a human out of my phantom vagina. So, yeah, it's about to be unleashed upon the world, Wedding Dresses Across Asia and I really hope you guys enjoy it. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @rubisheikh9796 [5 likes]: I don't know about the other countries but that is DEFINITELY not what we wear in our wedding in INDIA..😭😭 But I really appreciate their dedication to work.. Amazing
  2. @Honey511Bee [5 likes]: No wonder he was having to be demanding! Buzzfeed weren't giving him any leeway!
  3. @victoriavargas674 [4 likes]: That Andrew guy is a dick. I understand it’s a company but then at the meeting he wasn’t entirely present and said Eugene was annoying. Okay let’s see you create fantastic videos like Eugene. Oh wait you can’t cause you’re nobody. Get out of here with your rude demeanor.
  4. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this is so scripted to me, it feels designed to make eugene come off as the bad guy. it just is not a good look on buzzfeeds end
  5. @graceriley2500 [4 likes]: this feels so agressively scripted
  6. @zachstoiko1484 [4 likes]: This is such an unhealthy work environment no wonder everyone leaves Buzzfeed and makes a video about it; it seems like absolute hell
  7. @aty6901 [3 likes]: Yea no I saw nothing wrong, he’s a highly driven individual, he expects his team to be competent as well
  8. @mehnoorayesha4686 [2 likes]: It's just soo attractive how passionate he is
  9. @DarlingDevil4691 [2 likes]: Eugene was so nice to the interns :)
  10. @oIipipa [2 likes]: Eugene is in the try guys now 😂😂
  11. @TanyaM02 [1 likes]: Eugene really disappointed by Indian wedding dress
  12. @alyshalee6313 [1 likes]: I love how we can see his hair stylist in a video from so far back, Obvs they're friends but still cool to see. and David is not afraid to say "He's friggin crazy"
  13. @maulolumleod6310 [1 likes]: Who came here because of the tiktok
  14. @samandsophia5632 [1 likes]: 7:46 love that
  15. @Departure-yz7ok [1 likes]: Damn Eugene is really good
  16. @AdaValentine92: Yas Safiya!
  17. @refugeeofroads: eugene soo gay oh my lordie bordy i slink the shabork
  18. @Febieananda: Andrew 😍
  19. @dngr_412: OMG ITS THAI!!!!
  20. @oliveoil9177: SAFIYA NYGAARD WE NEED U BACK 8:27

- The BBC Just Pissed Everyone Off..: Kind: captions Language: en BBC portrays an indebted African father selling his twin daughters into slavery with adult men as a man who is forced to make difficult choices. What? >> Dul Rashid Azimi's home. We're suddenly confronted by the devastating impact. >> He calls for his daughters Rakia and Rahila are twins. >> They're seven. >> Abdul is eager to explain why he's making unbearable choices. Rebecca, you know that >> I'm ready to sell my daughters. I'm poor and in debt. >> Oh my god. >> Selling his kids, >> but it's the only way to feed my other children. >> The Post got community noted, BBC frames Afghan fathers selling their daughters as sympathetic. All profiled cases involve girls 5 years old. Selling daughters for marriage is a long-standing cultural practice in parts of Afghanistan. BBC focuses on father's distress over the outcomes for girls. BBC story from earlier is going mega viral. People are eviscerating them in the quote retweets. If you want to check it out real quick. Not once does this article ask who is buying the children and why. Afghani men are selling their girls to other Afghani men. Get it right, you utter disgrace. They're voluntarily doing this to make money as they have done in the Middle East for centuries. Men sell their daughters and a BBC has a poor man saying you don't hate the BBC enough. And this is the reason why they're doing it. They're doing it because they want to portray these people as being sympathetic so they can soften people's opinions on them through immigration. They're trying to literally whitewash and make it look like selling your young like what is it like six-year-old daughters into slavery. How do you possibly try to paint him out as if he's the victim? There should be no moral equivalency that is drawn at all to this. This is sick, deranged. How do people defend this? The reason why they defend it is because it is anti-western propaganda. Once you understand that these people hate you and they want to demographically replace you in your own countries, then you will finally understand their mind. The problem that I think a lot of people have is that they're naive and they assume that these people have some sort of a good motive. They have no good motive. Yeah, there it is. Selling children to survive. Afghan fathers forced to make impossible choices. So they sold he sold the girls to feed the boy. Man, they are trying to impose an ideology of cultural relativism to the most disgusting aspects of behavior around the world. It's filthy. I am so glad people are calling this out. I really am.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clessidrayt [1 likes]: They did the same in an italian news show "TG1" yesterday. They sounded nearly sympathetic towards those monsters...Not a single tear drop in the fathers eyes, disgusting...
  2. @Get_yotted: Sad fuck excuse of a man, I’d work myself to death for my family
  3. @sasham4073: will he consider swapping them for ipad
  4. @justinh2701: Lol Democrats.
  5. @graytoby1: You can always count on the BBC lowering the bar. Utterly disgusting organisation can't wait till it implodes
  6. @lilliankeane5731: It has been going on in Afghanistan. Not the entire middle east. It has been going on but not all fathers want to sell their children. Thats the point the BiBiC were making so…  Calm down Karens  and darrens. The crippling hold the Taliban has on the country facilitates this poverty and abhorrent slavery of females. Nestlé the chocolate company keeps slave children to pick coffee ffs. This exploitation of children including the Epstein files must end!
  7. @LudovicBeck-jj6nr: Seigneur Jésus Christ puisses tu veiller sur ces enfants innocents et leurs rende justice de leurs parents indignes. Islam is this shit !!
  8. @LudovicBeck-jj6nr: Thats islaaaaaam
  9. @js1872: No word from the mother?
  10. @richardjohn7991: Stop watching the. Bent Broadcasting Corporation.
  11. @gabrielesquaratti5709: send the nukes there.
  12. @petermounsey2120: British Brainwashing Corporation.
  13. @karenax254: They make me sick.
  14. @boronsniify: BBC supporting slavery….great use of the licence fee!
  15. @2GROUSEm8: Scum
  16. @kumatroopa4747: if this is real,this not Islam,Muslim never do this and its forbidden,there's something happening
  17. @Evgeny1: 2:03 putin??
  18. @chrishill6276: What a low dog
  19. @kingcole219: go sell a kidney? fucking hell
  20. @HorusHeresist: Well, the Soviets tried to make Afghanistan a better place, they built about 600 miles of roads there, irrigation systems, farming industries, oil and gas stations, hospitals, universities, schools where boys and girls could study all together. What went wrong? All of this was met with resistance from the "peace-loving and righteous" CIA-sponsored Islamic fanatics—the Mujahideen. Every time you feel like shedding a few crocodile tears over the fate of Afghan girls, remember that it was your government that made the key contribution to returning Afghanistan to the dark ages.

- The Summer I Turned Pretty - Bloopers Part 2 | Prime Video: Kind: captions Language: en Ready? Scene... three. One of the scenes. A. [laughs] It's A, take one. B, take one. Wanna do a twirl? Sure. Ow, oh ____! Sh- I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Did Mom hear that? Let's just switch, I'm with Steven. Fine. Nailed it. Thank you, guys. Come on, Belly. Why couldn't you let me have this one thing? You guys, somehow the emotions seem kinda off. You managed to get away from work. Yeah, I couldn't mith- mith? [laughs] Belly? Sorry, I'm sorry. Lola, I'm so sorry. You're smiling right at me. Oh, are we still shoot- Cut. I'm sorry! Ow, oh. That was good. Good pain. Don't worry, she won't find out about us, Sean. She won't find out. Don't tell them! How? Oh my God! Don't tell them, Sean! Nobody will ever find out! It's just us forever, Sean! [screaming] Take me away! This is why I pick his brother. I don't need you to want me. I don't want you to ____ the ____ ____ ____. Sorry! I was like, what the ____ did you just-

  Top Comments:
  1. @yusaira_16 [2 likes]: 1:03 why there is no eyeliner on her left eye??😭😭
  2. @maddies_hat [1 likes]: I love gavin hes such a vibe 😭
  3. @leilathetreehugger [1 likes]: Noooo that kiss looks soooo real, and ik they liked it. No one can say otherwise
  4. @poojagb [1 likes]: 1:40 Sean looks like Bretman Rock, I had t owatch it again and again LOL
  5. @4funsies499 [1 likes]: When I love watching bloopers more than the actual show
  6. @SharanÇhauhan-e8o [1 likes]: minute 2:00 does this really happen to those who have already seen it?
  7. @MeganMoore-y5o [1 likes]: Pure talent. No words
  8. @tessib.1043: 😂😂😂
  9. @subscribeorelse8892: I fucking hate the summer I turned pretty i’m glad it’s fucking canceled.
  10. @stranger77777-n: Did mom hera that 😂😂
  11. @Huh_girllieN: Omg gavinis like strong he was carrying Steven (idk his name lol) that was funny!😂😂😂
  12. @irenastevanovic6595: "Did mom hear that?" 😂😂😂😂
  13. @sarahmcdonald2000: "did mom hear that?" I CANNOT😂
  14. @tiyabasilio8883: If you think about it, this is their first kiss together ever in real life and on the show. So I'm sure the scene was already a bit awkward and the laughing probably cut the tension.
  15. @neelimatoshniwal9141: Steven's face at 1: 44 is halirious
  16. @elinevdveen4270: I fr think jere is such a fun person in real life (gavin) he had HUMORRRR
  17. @HanyAnsari-w8o: Oh gavin. Love the cast so much❤❤😂😂😂
  18. @CherryMaeBorlado-g1z1r: To more BTS🥂
  19. @ravvhann: they surely felt things after the kiss hahah....
  20. @rosieinthegardn: Im team Steven + Jeremy now 😂

- YouTubers React to Viral Videos - Rewind YouTube Style: Kind: captions Language: en Who is that guy in the middle? ugly mo*her fu*ker This guy in the beard is like there muscles glasses Is this like Human Centipede...guitar edition Ohh so it's this one. Ohh no... I was in this video The youtube year ends wrap up I was a little sad that we didn't get the invite This is an asian song, how we are not gonna get the invite Uh yeah this. I get humped on top of That should've been me humping grace Oh, that's me That's awkward now that I'm singing with myself I think I'm the only one that is tired of this song Seizure. Watching Freddy and Brandon attempt to dance in these suits was the funniest thing ever. Oh my God, who -Those guys -Those guys are fugly -Total losers -Totally fugly This is so cute And I'm not biased Well, maybe I am God, I wanna be in that party, man I was hoping I would never have to hear Call Me Maybe ever again Here's my number, so call me maybe Massive I had to actually dance behind the sh*t girl say guy and it was actually really creepy cause he looked like a very attractive woman from behind. They put Ryan in that cause only he can do those faces This is like Pokemon, we just collected them all! No more. Can we stop watching this please? Hey, there's a video of mine in there This video just makes me happy, like I watched it SO many times Aren't we so cute? Youtube? As people? We're just like so cute, right? So what was that video? That was Rewind Youtube style 2012 Rewind Youtube Style Youtube's year end music video wrap-up Gangam Syle Call Me Maybe thing of a doo hickey Just some video with some random douchebags Some people in the internet that think they're "famous" A home town buffet of Youtube I mean, it was a little Jenna, a little Grace, a little Kassem I mean it was just everbody there; nom And when you were asked to be in it, what did you think? We were stoked I thought it was...I thought it was great! It was so last minute for me actually, so I didn't have much time to think about it. I literally found out like the day before I was there to film. It was kinda crazy, cause they were like "You're gonna play Lindsey Stirling", and I was like well why can't she play herself? We thought we were gonna meet Psy and we didn't meet him They sent a big long e-mail with lots of paragraphs and the only sentence I really saw was that Psy is actually going to be in this video, and you could meet Psy. and I instantly thought "Oh, that would make a cool Instagram photo" So I said yes Did you meet Psy? No, I never met Psy. Sigh. How do you think people feel who weren't even invited to be in this video? Yeah, I mean, it's, I'm sure they would love to have that everyone that they can get it just a matter of...being local. I thought everyone was invited, I thought a lot of people just didn't wanna go I didn't realize it was like...you guys should've been there! Can us four make one right now? Yeah, just us four I guess in general I play games for a living I don't make awesome videos that take months to produce So I'm totally OK with the fact that I wasn't invited There's tons of views coming from all other places in the world, why not bring those people in? Why not have them, you know, be in the video It's literally like, hey, unless you live in Los Angeles you're not a Youtuber And that's bullsh*t, you know what I mean? An what are you're overall thoughts on Youtube deciding to use youtubers to make a recap video like this Um, yeah, collabos are great. We try to do them as much as possible. I love that concept because collaboration is huge on Youtube, its how everyone works together to build their own together. Which makes it different from old media I think it's amazing, I think we need to do these videos like, once a month with like, the viral videos. It was the same feeling I get when I go to the real home town buffet, which is just BWAAH! AH No, I'm kidding, I thought it was fun. I think it's a really smart thing to get a bunch of different Youtubers stars to be in one specif... Wait a second. Wait a second, I know what this is I know what you guys, that's it, you're using me. YouTube uses us, and we use them in return it's some sort of like, weird, incestuous, messed up relationship Are you suprised that it got to over 80 million views already? 80 million views? Jesus Why do you think it was able to get that many views so quickly? Because of the collaboration aspect, for sure. It's all these awesome Youtubers, plus they got Psy to be in it. If a video can get over a billion views just on one piece of content then anything connected to that will probably do really, really well. My favorite thing about Youtube is how they say "we don't control anything". But somehow the video that they made got 100 billion views in a week Ohh Hmm, very interesting. The power Youtube has over directing traffic over to their to their YouTube video You know was doing my regular Youtube browsing and when I was like, you know, I wanna go back to the front page and I clicked the front page and, no, you don't go to the front page. You watch this video again. OK, we're gonna get real now. What is a mistake you think Youtube is making right now as a website that you'd like to see change this year? Everything. This became like CNN, like Larry King style I thought this was where you just watch some funny videos I want them to be totally transparent. That's what I want. Please, center the website. Taking how-to and style off the front page for me personally and for all of my friends that do beauty videos You know, that really helped us and that's really what grew our community If you don't already know about it it's really hard to find those videos. I've still been getting complaints that our videos aren't going out to our subscribers Still After like seven years Comment after comment after comment saying There's a subscription problem, you know, I don't see your videos anymore Sub boxes and...other things That I'm trying to be nice and not be mean to Youtube Goo- Good job YouTube In a year, what is your prediction on Youtube? I'm sure they'll change the layout like three times -Holograms. -Not yet -No I hope, I hope, I hope that everything is still free. The top 100 is going to become the top 500, because the top 100 is gonna be all Vevo channels. I predict that Psy is prolly gonna come out with another video and... -People are gonna be disappointed. -Thoroughly disappointed. Well...we're either all gonna still be doing this or all gonna be somewhere else See me at the drive through A lot of Google+. You guys should stop trynna get subscribers on Youtube and you should be circle jerking on Google+. Isn't that the real term? It's not circle jerking? I thought it was: you follow on Twitter, you like on Facebook you circle jerk on Google+ In your own life, is there a highlight you'll look back on 2012 that stands out? -Jeremy Lin -We met the president. -Oh, yeah, we met the president. -Ha, you put Jeremy Lin over him. I moved here, to Los Angeles. And I got to do my music with you guys! I met you guys in 2012. I'm gonna go with that. I'm gonna make this a really sweet moment. -We're too busy making videos -We don't have any time to live a normal life -We don't pay attention to anything else in the world, we're just like "you hear about that thing?" No! -I was busy making a video If they did this again next year and asked you to be part of it would you do it? Something like this? Yeah. Absolutely! I would love to be in it. Here's my philosophy: Youtube asks you, you say yes. Cameos are great, but dancing with zebras is kind of weird. Furries. Oh, definetely, this was such a cool idea. Even though a lot of us live here, we never get to see each other. We need to do fun things like that more often. Thank you for watching another episode of Yourubers react. Let us know what videos you want the Fine Brothers to force us to watch next. You never know what Youtubers will show up next so make sure you subscribe to all of us. Even though you'll probably never see it in your subscriber box, so, what's the point? Do it anyway though. To watch deleted reactions from this episode click the box below. Adios, amigos. Bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicholasjerez1670 [7 likes]: This was classic Youtube
  2. @willowleaf-the-second [2 likes]: i enjoyed this a lot, honestly 2012 is the best year ever
im so excited for 2013 though, im sure that will be an awesome year
  3. @LamHan-b5j [1 likes]: I’m sending this to everyone I know.
  4. @torim590 [1 likes]: Here from 2025 feeling nostalgic
  5. @PrincessBubblegum [1 likes]: So they just nuked all existing channels from 2020
  6. @kaylaandninjax: Why would YouTube delete all of YouTube rewind
  7. @tetgiokpolintrtg937: I’ll definitely rewatch this.
  8. @THISAYTHAO-v4l: Amazing production value.
  9. @NorahWatylon: Fantastic performance!
  10. @WilliamScott-e8h: This is going straight to my favorites.
  11. @NelsieOhanian: This video is a masterpiece.
  12. @TuanPham-h5y4g: This was super entertaining.
  13. @IbtesamDelahunt: This brightened my day.
  14. @PiruDeer: This is exactly what I was looking for.
  15. @ChadGregg-k6c: Your editing is on point!
  16. @NancyHubbard-j8i: Solid.
  17. @CHARLIEMADDOX-r5o: IVE ALWATS LOVED ANTHONYS HAIR
  18. @raymoraV2: Lol that VEVO comment couldn't have aged poorer 😂
  19. @01recoil100: Make youtube great again
  20. @Gs9wwide: 2024?

- How To *actually* Go Viral on YouTube As A Small Channel (Step By Step Guide): Kind: captions Language: en over the last 5 years I've gone bu on YouTube and YouTube shorts literally hundreds of times and I'm going to teach you in this video how you could do the same exact thing because if I've been able to get hundreds of thousands of views hundreds of times in a really small Niche bet that you can too in fact I'm going to share with you a four-step strategy and if you implement each one of these steps I guarantee that you're going to have a viral video on YouTube step number one is you might actually have to create a new YouTube channel because here's a deal right now YouTube is giving small channels a boost on their first five posts in fact if you open up the YouTube YouTu homepage right now you're going to see that 30% of the videos that you're going to be recommended are actually from small channels the reason that YouTube is doing this is because if one of those videos gets clicked on guess what it's going to increase the odds that that video actually goes viral and if you are able to do this within your Niche it could do great things for you in fact I bet you see small channels in your unich right now going viral over and over again for their first few videos and then they may begin to drop off and if you're not on a new channel you are not actually going to be eligible for this to happen to you and I see so many creators right now and you might be making this mistake posting on a channel that's 5 years old 8 years old even if it's 6 months old and you hadn't posted on it I would strongly suggest that you actually go ahead and create a new channel and begin posting on that one using the next three steps that I'm going to share with you because if not you could actually be ruining your ability to go viral on YouTube on top of that if you've posted a bunch of really bad content on your YouTube channel this could also be the thing that's holding you back because YouTube is a game of momentum if you post a really good video then and a bad video it's going to make your third video actually perform way worse than it should have had you posted a really good video and then another really good video and another thing that can mess this up is the topics that you're actually posting about in fact on my channel I post about how to grow on Instagram how to grow on YouTube and how to grow on Tik Tok but my channel would actually get more views if I broke it out into three different channels because the same people that want to grow on YouTube don't want to grow on Instagram and don't want to grow on Tik Tok now of course there is some overlap but they're actually all three very different types of channels and you you can see this by how many views I get on each video in fact I get more views on videos about how to grow on YouTube because more people are interested on that and then I get less views on how to grow on Tik Tok but I get even less views on how to grow on Instagram content simply because less people are interested in and you need to think about your Niche the same exact way so when it comes to actually understanding how many views you could get on the YouTube video that you're about to upload here's what you need to do you need to take the title or the topic that you're going to be posting about for example if I was going to look something up like interior design Trends and we go type this in and then what you're going to want to do is Click recently uploaded here and this is going to give you a really good feel for how many views you could actually get 4 days 8,000 views 5 days 30,000 views 4 days, 1500 views 5 days 8600 6 days 900 so as you could see I would not expect to get over 30,000 views on a video like this in a weekl long period because the majority of channels are getting 8,000 views or less and then the best Creator under here got 33,000 views so as you can expect is if you upload a video like this you may be able to get a lot of views if we come under all here and you'll see that this video got 260,000 views 280,000 views 230,000 views but it took 3 months 1 month or 2 months so what you actually need to pay attention to is set your expectations around how many views you can get in a really short period of time and how many overall views you could end up getting and I would suspect that these channels just continue to get more and more views over time as people actually search for this we can do another one here I want to go ahead and look up Diddy arrested news and if we go do a search for this we're going to see in 20 hours 200,000 views 14 hours 288,000 views and if we scroll down we're going to see other videos that got a lot of views in a short period of time but what you're going to note here is that these videos did really well in a 24-hour period so you could go viral if you post about a topic like this which is why you need to make sure that you're doing the research and determining how quickly you can get a lot of views and whether or not the topic is even eligible to get a lot of views cuz if you did a search for something really really obscure like how to solve math problems without a calculator which I would imagine a lot of people aren't searching for and aren't watching content on new recently uploaded you're going to see that nobody is getting views creating content like this so I would strongly suggest that you don't even bother creating this video which means you need to have several different ideas to actually see which one of them is worth you spending your time on step number two is understanding how many views you actually could get depending on the topic you're going to be posting about but before I share with you how to do that I need you to smash that subscribe button if you want to go quicker and monetize a Tik Tok Channel a YouTube channel or an Instagram page you need to make sure that you're subscribed to my channel cuz I literally upload a video every single day about how to do this in addition to that I just created a free YouTube growth course you can get at the pin comment below it's going to share with you thingss like the best time to post what hashtags use or even if you should be using hashtags so what are you waiting for it's literally 100% free just go to that pin comment below but just how many views that topic is eligible for isn't the only thing to take into consideration the other thing you need to think about is the frequency at which you're going to post because this is going to have a huge effect on how many views you get and posting less and getting more views might not be the best thing for you to do and to really highlight this for you I actually want to compare my channel to a competitor's channel so if we look up my channel right here we're going to type in Robert Benjamin we're going to come here we're going to go under videos you're going to see that a lot of these videos don't have views that are very impressive but if we scroll down they're going to get more and more impressive okay and the reason for that is because my videos typically get a lot of views over a long period of time so as we can see here 160,000 30,000 30,000 40,000 40,000 if we keep going you're going to see the same exact thing happening 50,000 30,000 70,000 but if we scroll up they didn't get that many views now if we contrast with somebody like Ed from film Booth within my Niche and we go into a search for his channel what you're going to see is he got 60,000 40,000 180,000 800,000 600,000 150,000 but this doesn't actually tell the full story because you might look at his channel and say wow he gets a lot of views on each video that he uploads but what you don't see is if we actually come over to social bre right here and do a search for film Booth what you're going to see is his views have actually been declining for a long time and at the Peak he gets about 1.6 million views but if we go and look at my channel Robert Benjamin what you're going to see is that I've been getting a lot of views very consistently for a long time in fact I've been getting 1.6 million views or more for almost the last 2 years and that was the peak that he hit for one month on YouTube but you would never be able to see that by just comparing our Channel side to side because you might look at his channel and say wow gets a lot more views now the reason that I get more views overall is because I post more frequently the reason that he gets more views per video is because he posts less frequently so I want you to think about this if there is a total audience size let's say there's 100,000 people in the audience he posts once that video can hit all 100,000 people and if I post twice both of my videos might get 50,000 views so this is something you need to take into consideration when you're trying to determine how many views you should be getting per video because you might actually have to post less or post more frequently to be able to maximize the amount of views you get now you could choose the right frequency and you could choose the right topics but if you mess up the next two things I'm going to share with you it is going to destroy the reach that you're getting especially the last one because ultimately these are the two most important things you need to take into consideration the first of which is that you need to make sure that your content is actually competitive so I'm helping a client right now create a video about the most forgiving irons in golf so if we go ahead and type in forgiving irons golf what we're going to see is several different videos pop up now these videos get a lot of views but in order to make sure that my client gets a lot of views I need to make sure of a few things first and foremost recently uploaded we need to go through and see how many views these videos are getting and there's something I want to call out here because you're going to be able to see this between these first two things this video right here this channel has almost no subscribers it's getting 90 views an hour 10,000 views in 4 days it's going to significantly suppress this video right here from this channel 260,000 subscribers they've got 17,000 views in 7 days and it's growing at 19 views per hour so pretty quickly this video is going to overtake this video and there are two good reasons for this these thumbnails I would say are both pretty competitive here but the thing that you will notice is this video is almost 15 minutes long and this video is 9 minutes long so let's say that both videos got 50% average view duration which by the way is like an average of what a good YouTube video should be getting so in that case this video kept people on YouTube for 9 minutes this video kept people on YouTube for about 4 minutes and 30 seconds this video video kept people on YouTube for 7 minutes and 30 seconds what you're going to notice is although that's only a 3 minute difference that's almost a 100% difference so what does YouTube want to do they want to promote this video over this video so you could have chosen the right topic you could have made a good thumbnail but you might have chosen the wrong length when it comes to your video and I'm not saying that you need to just make your videos longer and make a 30-minute video or a 40-minute video but you do need to take into consideration the length of the other videos that are showing cuz you might have made a better video you might have made a better title you might have made a better thumbnail but if your video is the wrong length you're showing up to a gunfight with a knife and your video's just never going to get views in fact Mr Beast recently came out and said that he's been increasing the length of his content and it's one of the biggest things that have led to an increase in views because he's been competing against the same people and in order for him to get more views he needs to increase the length of his content and I can bet that you need to do the same exact thing as well but that's not the only thing need to do you also need to make sure that you're honest with yourself your video idea your video thumbnail your video title and the first 30 seconds of your video it needs to be better than the other videos it's going to be showing up against so you need to make sure that you go through and build your video based on those other videos that already exist and you might find that you actually can't create a better video than the other videos that are showing in which case I would go find a brand new idea and go back to Step One of this video because you might again be showing up to a gunfight with a knife and what you don't want to do is create a worse video of what already exists out there because all that's going to do is decrease the views that you get and ultimately it's going to lead to a waste of time you want to find a pocket of opportunity on YouTube where you can create a better video than the videos that already exist while making sure that those videos that already exist are getting views and this is going to lead to your YouTube channel and your YouTube content going viral so long as you get better every single time that you post and ultimately there are only two ways that you can improve on YouTube the first one is going to be improving your quick th rate and the second is going to be improving your average view duration now when it comes to improving your average view duration you need to treat your videos like it's a different video every 30 to 60 seconds in fact if you go and watch one of Mr Beast videos You'll see he does an amazing job at this and most creators that get a lot of views do a great job at this and the way that you do this is you need to set up the stakes of the video in the beginning if you go back to this video I told you I'm going to share with you several different steps to help you go fire on YouTube and I gave you some proof so you actually think hey this person must know what he's talking about because he's done this hundreds of times but you need to set that up you need to give somebody a reason for why they're going to keep watching the video and then if you noticed every 60 to 90 seconds in this video I had a transition statement that foreshadowed what was going to come next because here's the reality I know that you're watching this video right now your phone might be going off people might be texting you your boss might have just walked in the room or maybe you're at school or just have kids going on or there's something else that you want to end end up doing but I need to keep hooking you in getting you to keep watching the next 60 seconds you need to think about your videos in 30 60 90 second segments you don't need to get somebody to watch the entire video all you need to do is get somebody to watch the next 30 seconds it would be the same thing as you trying to do 10 reps on the bench press you shouldn't count 1 to 10 you should just count one to two why cuz I bet that you could do two reps five times a lot easier than just trying to count to 10 in general you need to think about average view duration the same exact way and when it comes to your thumbnails all you have to do is get the viewer to ask themselves a question your title and thumbnail should get the viewer to ask themselves a question so that they need to click on the video in order to answer it and if any of this is something you've been struggling with on YouTube I personally want to help you in fact I want to look at your channel audit it and tell you everything you could be doing differently to grow way quicker in your Niche that sounds interesting and trust me this works either for shorts or for long form like this creator that I just helped gain over 3 million subscribers on shorts and this creator that I helped gain over 300 th000 subscribers on long form and shorts I want to help you do the same thing in fact I want you to be my next success story if that sounds interesting well please keep watching this video cuz I've got a special offer for you the opportunity to grow on YouTube and this organic reach we're currently seeing is not going to last forever and there are two things holding you back right now the first one is that you haven't implemented everything that I just shared with you in this video and the second is that you haven't gotten into my YouTube mentorship program yet which literally is going to guarantee that I help you get more subscribers on YouTube in the next 30 days or you get your money back zero questions in fact the average person that's gone through this program in the last 30 days has gained over 31,000 subscribers and the lowest amount of subscribers anybody has ever gained is 1,000 subscribers if they Implement everything that I share with them in this video if you want results like that please go to the link in the description below and sign up right now because if you're still watching this video I'm going to guess that you're above average so the odds of you getting over 31,000 subscribers is probably quite high and if you don't remember you need 1,000 subscribers in order to get monetized on YouTube so this is a perfect opportunity for you to make make more money from YouTube and for you to set yourself up to become a full-time YouTuber in fact I'm going to tell you exactly what to post when to post what hashtags use again to guarantee you get more subscribers on YouTube if you don't get more subscribers I will give you your money back zero questions asked and it doesn't matter what your background is or what your Niche is this program is designed to help you get more subscribers faster and easier ultimately it's going to get you more subscribers or your money back this Creator just went through it and gained over 100,000 subscribers this Creator over 150,000 subscribers and this Creator over 400,000 subscribers and I want you to be my next success story and I want you to be the next person that makes a full-time living from YouTube so please go to the link in the description below sign up right now you literally have absolutely nothing to lose you're going to get more subscribers or you're going to get your money back if you're not interested in those two things please watch the next two videos I put up on the screen because they're the videos YouTube thinks you should watch next thank you so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [23 likes]: Get my free course here: https://robertbenjaminconsulting.com/p/shorts-free-course
  2. @ClosertoSophia [2 likes]: Well, let's try!
  3. @DanielAchonu-s9y [1 likes]: As a new YouTuber here celebrating 30 subscribers 
1k subscribers is possible 
Thanks🙌🏽❤️
  4. @TheBananamanJCGaming [1 likes]: I want to make viral content, but I also don’t like posting TikTok videos or brainrot content that doesn’t teach you something good.
  5. @kkkatyyyy [1 likes]: i want to go viral!! thanks for the video! wish me luck! about to post my first video in a few videos!!
  6. @yinn-e9e [1 likes]: Good tip ❤ I want to go viral on YouTube one day ❤
  7. @JoshuaAutumns123 [1 likes]: This looks awesome! As soon as I’m able to I’m going to join.
  8. @YtFandomFF [1 likes]: Hi nice video ive got 7 subs and are worried about posting my first video 😂
  9. @DakoissaFranck: Thank you! It’s very helpful!
  10. @TravelGirlMIMI: good content
  11. @BCJ-f5d: My video promot not impressed my video
  12. @onyekachristv: Small YouTubers let grow together
  13. @LameLemo: Apply these steps yourself dude you barely got any followers
  14. @Joshboy_imole: I went to govira this week
  15. @FoodFeeling168: I want to go viral on youtube for survival.
  16. @Rafiachannel455: Thanks for this video ❤❤
  17. @MonetraBasics: Thanks for this
  18. @killerbean_game: I want to go viral this week
  19. @WHISPERSOFAFFECTION13: I'll try it out
  20. @Wildflower-travel: What if you post the same shit? I'm so broke 💔

- How Do Videos Get Views on YouTube with 0 SUBSCRIBERS!?: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up you guys it's annie back with another video helping you to turn your youtube channel into a success now ever since i uploaded my video talking about whether or not your subscribers watch your videos contributing to whether or not youtube pushes out your videos further on youtube to get more views i've gotten loads and loads and loads of questions asking me what if you don't have subscribers so like yes having your subscribers watch your videos is what makes your videos get pushed out but what if you don't have any subscribers you have very very little subscribers can you still get your videos pushed out on youtube can you still get on the recommended page of youtube and can you still get views if you have less than 100 subscribers less than 10 subscribers or even zero subscribers if you're starting at the very very zero mark can you still get your videos pushed out by youtube and get views and the answer to that question is absolutely a hundred and ten percent yes and so that is what i want to share with you guys in this video so let's sort of bust this myth that is you need subscribers to get recommended on youtube so few people actually know this about youtube but whether you have 5 subscribers or 5 million subscribers youtube begins to recommend your video the very second you upload your video to youtube and while not everything is perfect at youtube and youtube still makes some kinds of mistakes i would absolutely argue that their recommendation algorithm is perfect ever wonder how you go onto youtube looking for something in specific and then youtube is somehow able to keep you on youtube for like an hour even two hours watching video after video after video that is the algorithm's magic at work see the youtube algorithm is perfectly set up by the engineers at youtube so that the very second you open up youtube and land on your homepage the content put in front of you is perfectly tailored to you a perfect mix of content based on the youtubers you watch most often content you have recently searched for and the type of content you watch most often which is why you have that bar of keywords above the videos on your recommended page that pretty much altogether sums up perfectly your taste in content on youtube and that is how youtube's algorithm keeps you watching on youtube is by recommending video after video after video to you that perfectly matches the type of content you love to watch on in hopes of keeping you watching longer and this is the very same system that the youtube algorithm uses the very second you upload your video to push it out in front of people the algorithm looks at your video to figure out what is the main topic of this video and what are the keywords associated to your video then it will instantly scour the internet to find viewers who are currently on youtube this very second who either typically watch content related to the video you have just uploaded who watch other creators who make similar content as you do or people who have recently searched things up on youtube that has to do with your video and it then places the video you have just uploaded in front of those people in hopes of having those people watch your video which then takes your video into a very specific period of time which for the sake of this video we will call the incubation period or even the preliminary period so to speak so there is no specific number of how many people youtube actually puts your video in front of whether it's 10 people 50 people a hundred a thousand ten thousand there is no specific number but however many people it does end up being that your video is put in front of on the recommended page for the first hour maybe even first two hours that youtube is recommending your content to people on youtube it's gonna look at the five most important metrics as far as your video's performance goes and you can watch this video i uploaded a few days ago that basically breaks down every one of these metrics in much more detail but these are the very very basic metrics in every single video's performance on youtube that the algorithm is set up to look for to indicate whether or not audience members are enjoying the video or not really resonating with that content which is what then determines does youtube keep pushing out your video or does it die right then and there and one mistake i consistently see people making over and over and over again when it comes to this is basing their videos performance off of the average metrics of their videos and not the metrics that are specific to browse features and the home page so basically if you want to know how people are reacting to your videos on the home page and recommended page you don't want to be looking at the analytics of how your video performed in search or in the subscription box you want to know the very specific metrics and numbers of how did your video perform in recommended so what you want to do is go into the analytics of that specific video then go over into the reach tab and go to where it says see more then what you want to do is change the little time period in the top corner where i think it should say something like since uploaded or in lifetime and change that to literally any other time period for whatever reason this trick does not work in since uploaded so whether you make it the last 24 hours the last week whatever it just can't be in since uploaded then once you have made this change you'll see that every single one of those traffic sources is now clickable so what you want to do is go ahead and click on the browse features specifically and then look specifically at where it says home this is what represents the home page and the recommended page this is going to show you word for word letter for letter exactly what the algorithm sees when it is recommending your content to people on their homepage and the metrics they are basing your video's performance on meaning that if your video performed terribly with your subscribers or performed terribly in search rankings there's still a chance that your video performs really well with people on the homepage and gets pushed out further and this is the science behind a channel with very very little subscribers that typically doesn't get that many views suddenly having a video that blows up out of nowhere so if ever you are a youtuber that has let's say like 100 and on average you get like 50 views on your video then all of a sudden you have one video that suddenly gets like 3 000 views or 5 000 views and while there is absolutely an undeniable advantage to having active subscribers who watch every one of your videos you are far from doomed if you have less than 100 less than 10 or even 0 subscribers even with 3 5 10 subscribers you can still have a video positively blow up on youtube that is of course the origin of how my video and my channel actually took off and blew up in the first place so that you guys is it for this video i really hope you guys enjoyed it hopefully it was helpful to you if you are one of the ones who was curious or had questions about that whole thing i really hope this helped to clear that stuff up for you and i really hope you guys enjoyed it thank you all so much for watching love you all to the moon and back and i'll see you in my next video bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lofiandserenitymusic [2 likes]: In 2025 team,🤍🫶 3:40
  2. @malaysiamariah [1 likes]: Thank you for the video, commenting to come back because I’m hustling on my YouTube this year :)
  3. @kenyadiaj6497: Thanks for the info
  4. @Creatie: thanks Annie, it`s great video!
  5. @hamdawrld: I'm new to youtube hopefully everything goes well. I uploaded a video recently too
  6. @UzmaExplores: Thanks ❤
  7. @MrVee-f3u: Im trying all thebteicjs but my channel is not moving since i have atarted 6 months ago i only have 35 subscribers, i dont know where im doing wrong
  8. @Taxitipdaily: Small channel it's over the moon 🔥
  9. @RuesKiddieCorner: Am here with two subscribers. Targetting 500. I have 498 to go.
  10. @GrowthMindset.009: I uploaded my first video today
  11. @FormerlyFunnyStudios: Ive been making short films and skits and they dont really get alot of views, which is sad because i work so hard on them, i even made a 16 minute short film, i hope it does well fingera crossed
  12. @JenniferMurdock-sb2jf: How do you upload
  13. @JenniferMurdock-sb2jf: How do you upload a video
  14. @JenniferMurdock-sb2jf: How do you even get a video on utub
  15. @anywhoostudios: I uploaded my first video every yesterday… and only have two views. I was hoping this would go into what I can do to get views up, but I guess the answer is to just wait?
  16. @BackToTheGmod: This made more sense than any other video
Thank you Annie
  17. @OfficialTaraa0: Thank you sm, I'm on a journey rn to become a skin care and makeup influencer on YouTube and tiktok ❤
  18. @nelaje: Thanks you! I think this video was really helpfull!
  19. @carcarplaytv: Thank you for your advice ❤
  20. @ShortHub13: Yup im in this boat atm, i have 3000 views but only 1 subscriber...

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- The EXACT System to Blow Up on YouTube in 90 Days: Kind: captions Language: en I'm about to show you the 90-day YouTube challenge that led to the two biggest growth spurts of my entire YouTube career. The first time I followed it, it got me monetized. The second time, it broke me through a major plateau and eventually led to me hitting 100,000 subscribers. This is the most effective system I have ever used for growing on YouTube. And while it won't be easy, if you actually follow through on what we're about to cover, this could be one of the most impactful videos that you watch this year. So, grab a notebook and something to write with and let's get into it. So, this challenge is split into 12 weeks, which are divided into three core phases, each with its own focus and its own upload schedule. We'll be using a default upload schedule of one video per week, but don't worry if you currently post more or less than that. I'll let you know which parts to modify to fit your own schedule. So, without further ado, let's jump straight into it with phase one, foundations, starting with week one, declaring your commitment. The first week isn't about planning or strategizing, although we will get to those soon. This week is about making it real. Because the truth is, most creators who fail this challenge won't fail because they're bad at making videos. They'll fail because they give up. Maybe they get busy. Maybe they'll lose motivation. But whatever the reason, this challenge will quietly slip away. Don't let that be you. That's why this week matters, because commitment changes everything. And there's real data to back this up. A study led by psychology professor Dr. Gail Matthews found that people who wrote down their goal were 42% more likely to achieve it compared to those who only thought about their goal. And that number climbed even higher for those who shared it with others. So that's exactly what we're doing in week one. Let yourself and the world know just how serious you are about leveling up your channel and use that public declaration to keep yourself accountable when your own motivation runs out. You can do this through a community post or make a quick channel update or even make an Instagram story or a tweet or post in a Discord server. And if your channel is still small and you don't already have an audience to declare a commitment to, that's okay. Still write it down and then tell a friend or a family member. Tell us in the comments of this video. The point is to make it so that you're not just thinking about maybe taking YouTube more seriously someday. You're actually doing it starting right now. and just between us because I genuinely want you to do this. I may be offering a little something something to people who make their post. More on that later. But for now, once you've made your commitment, you're ready to start building the foundation that will support every video you make moving forward. Which brings us to week two, expanding your taste. Because before you can start making great videos, you must first understand what it is that makes a video great. And to do that, you need to develop your taste. Taste is your creative filter. It's what helps you choose the right topics, spot good ideas, and make better calls with editing, pacing, titles, thumbnails, all of it. So, this week, your only job is to watch YouTube, not as a consumer, but as a creator. Not just did I like this, but why did I like this? Why did I click? Why am I still watching 30 seconds in? How does the music and lighting make me feel? When did I get bored or click off? And what prompted it? Aim to study at least 30 videos this week. and not just videos within your niche. Expose yourself to different formats, vlogs, challenges, tutorials, breakdowns, commentaries, and more. The more variety you take in now, the more creative options you'll have to apply to your own videos later. As you study, start building your swipe file, a collection of elements that spark something for you, titles that made you click, thumbnails that caught your attention, hooks that pulled you in, and editing choices or effects that made you feel something. The format for your swipe file doesn't matter. You can use Google Docs, Apple Notes, Notion, whatever is just most frictionless for you. To make this even easier for you, I put together a free Notion workbook complete with all of the exercises you'll need over the next 90 days. I'll put a link in the video description to grab it for free. Use it because it'll guide you through noticing things that you typically wouldn't, and it'll ensure that you're not just binging videos, you're studying them. Start building your swipe file here in week two because you'll be coming back to it again and again over the next 10 weeks. By the end of week two, your brain is going to be buzzing with inspiration and you'll be watching YouTube differently with a sharper sense of what you like and why you like it, which sets you up in a great place to move on to week three, developing your signature video recipe. Now that you've studied what works for others, it's time to figure out what works for you. Because in order to stand out from everything else that already exists out there, your videos need to be remarkable. Which is where your video recipe comes in. A unique blend of ingredients that makes your content feel intentional, fresh, and unmistakably yours. A distinct video recipe is the reason why many of your favorite creators feel so dang irreplaceable. And you can develop your own through unique combination of five core ingredients. First up is audience. Who are you making videos for? What are they curious about? What do they struggle with? What kind of content do they already love? When you know who you're talking to, everything else becomes easier. Next up, we have value. What does your audience gain from watching your videos? Are you helping them take action, helping them understand something better, or even just making them feel less alone? Whether it's insight, entertainment, inspiration, or something else, just make sure that your videos serve your audience in some way. Because without that core value, there's no reason for anyone to watch. The third ingredient is format. How are you delivering that value? Here are the formats most commonly used on this platform. Pick the one or two that are most aligned with your strengths. The fourth ingredient is vibe. What feeling do your videos give off. Does your content feel cozy, high stakes, inspiring, efficient, something else? While we often forget what's exactly said in a video, we remember how the video makes us feel and we come back to get more of that feeling. And finally, the last recipe ingredient is your differentiator. What makes your version of a video worth watching over someone else's? This is your special sauce, and it usually comes from unique skill set, access to something others don't have, value that's more insightful, in-depth, or novel than what's already out there, or personality, which is inherently unique to you. As you develop a signature video recipe of your own, consider your strengths and your taste. What are you naturally good at? And when you look through your swipe file from last week, what formats and vibes keep popping up? You don't have to make any final decisions here. A large part of this whole 90-day challenge is discovering your video recipe through intentional experimentation. But we can't do that if we don't have a video recipe to test out in the first place. So, draft between one and three video recipes to test. You need combinations that feel specific enough to guide you and to experiment with it. And armed with your video recipes, you're ready to head in to the last week of phase one, week four, idea generation. It's time to take everything you've done so far and turn it into actual video ideas. Because starting next week, you'll be shifting from planning to execution. From here on out, every video you make will be a shot on goal. And we want to do everything that we can to make sure that every shot counts. So, your goal this week is to come up with eight video ideas that each pass three critical criteria. The first criteria is testability. Does this idea help you refine your video recipe? Think of each idea as a tiny experiment. What happens if I try out this format? What happens if we lean into this vibe? What happens if I serve this audience with this value? If you draft in multiple recipes, generate at least one idea for each one. And if you only have one, use this as your opportunity to test and refine it. The second criteria is view potential. Can the idea create a breakout opportunity? Ultimately, the whole point of this entire 90-day challenge is to blow up your channel. And while not every video needs to go viral, every idea should at least have the potential to do so. The simplest way to do this is to leverage what's already worked before. Look for titles, thumbnails, or concepts that have already hit the view count you're aiming for, either from you or from someone else, both inside and outside of your niche. And then filter those concepts through your video recipe to make them uniquely yours. And finally, the last criteria each of your ideas must meet is feasibility. Is it possible for you to execute on this idea at two times your normal upload pace? In phase two, you'll be moving fast, and every idea you pick must be doable within a tighter production window. So ask yourself, could I realistically script, film, edit, and publish this at double my normal pace? If not, is there any way I could simplify this to be within scope? Save your bigger, more complex ideas for later. Their time will come, but for now, aim for a tight, clear, and achievable. With your eight ideas in hand, you've officially completed phase one. You've built your foundation. You've set your direction and now you're ready to head into the most productive push of your YouTube career. Welcome to phase 2, sprint mode. Weeks 5 through 9 are when things get serious. They're the most intense, focused, and transformative part of this entire challenge. This is your creative boot camp, and if you commit to it, you'll see more clarity and growth in the next few weeks than most creators get in an entire year. Here's how it works. For the next eight videos, you're going to double your normal upload cadence. So, if you normally post once a week, during sprint mode, you'll post twice a week. And if you usually post every other week, aim to post weekly, and so on and so forth. At a default upload pace of once a week, sprint mode will take you four weeks to complete. But we're giving you 5 weeks for this phase because life happens. We're only human. So, the built-in buffer week will help you catch up just in case you fall behind. Now, I'll be honest with you. The next 5 weeks won't be easy because up until now, you've been in planning mode. Yes, it's been real work, but it's also been relatively safe. There's been no real pressure, no real resistance. But now, you have to take action. You have to actually show up and publish videos. That's why instead of just relying on sheer willpower to help get you through sprint mode, we're going to add in an extra layer of external accountability to help keep you on track. It's time to make your second public declaration of this challenge. Let your audience know that you're taking on a 4-week sprint and that you're pushing yourself to double your upload schedule. Doing so will make it harder for you to back out with the added benefit of giving your audience something to root for. And because I genuinely want you to do this, I'm going to offer you a little extra motivation. First, at the end of every video of mine from now until the end of the year, I'm going to shout out one channel that's actively participating in this challenge. Just tag me in your post or video and use # April's challenge to be considered for a shout out. But I'm not stopping there because while a shout out from me might give you a nice short-term boost in viewers, I also want to set you up for long-term success. So, I've teamed up with my longtime partner, Sputter Studio, to offer every creator I shout out lifetime access to their platform. If you haven't heard of it, Sputter Studio is an all-in-one YouTube planning partner designed to help you come up with better video ideas, stronger titles, more clickable thumbnails, and tighter story structures. All based on real YouTube performance data. For example, if you're looking for titles, thumbnails, or concepts that have worked well in the past, Spider Studios outlier tool makes it easy to find videos that have overperformed, not just on YouTube as a whole, but also for your specific audience. Once you have an idea, their story beats tool helps you level up that idea and turn it into a fleshed out concept rich with curiosity potential. From there, you can use the title exploder to generate and refine high-erforming title variations and use one of my personal favorite features, the thumbnail concept generator to generate multiple distinct visual concepts with a variation of different compositions and styles that you can use to inspire your own thumbnail design. Every part of Sputter Studio is designed to help you save time and make better creative decisions faster, which will be very useful during sprint mode. And even if you don't get chosen for a shout out, Swatter Studio also gave me a link to let you try them out for 14 days absolutely free. So, I'll put a link to that in the video description below. Thank you so so much to Sputter Studio for not only sponsoring this video, but also just for supporting creators and for partnering with me to make this challenge possible. Now, back to sprint mode. Now, it's time to actually start making videos. But be careful here because more reps only matter if you're learning from each one. You see, the true power of repetition comes from small, consistent improvements that compound over time. And while sprint mode is designed to compress those improvements into a hyper concentrated period of time, if you're not intentional about improving with each and every upload, you risk finishing sprint mode at the exact same place you started, albeit a little more tired. So, to ensure that you're getting the full value out of each and every upload, follow this four-step system with every video you make. First, set your learning goal. Before you start scripting or filming, ask yourself, what is one thing I'm trying to learn from this? Maybe you're testing new format or experimenting with a new title structure or thumbnail style from your swipe file, or trying to simplify your editing workflow. Whatever it is, as long as each video is set up to teach you something, even if it flops, it means that the time spent working on it won't be wasted. Step two is to make the video. I can't really give you any shortcuts here other than to say just get it done. Don't overthink it. Don't try to make it perfect. Just get it out the door. Sprint mode only works through consistent execution. This means sticking to the upload cadence you committed to, even if it feels like a video isn't ready. Remember, you can't learn or build momentum from a video that never gets published. After your video goes out, step three is to reflect. After each upload, take 20 to 30 minutes to fill out a post video reflection. Promise me, you won't skip this. This step is by far the most important one of them all. It's what turns just making a bunch of videos into a welloiled momentum machine. Use your notion workbook to track what video recipe you used, what worked well, what you want to focus on improving for the next video, what new skills you acquired, how the audience responded, and what you would have done if you had more time. That last field is especially important to fill out as it'll help inform you when you get to phase three. And the more detailed you can get with your postvideo reflections, the more valuable they become because that's how you'll be able to identify the patterns that start to emerge. The golden nuggets that typically take months or even years of trial and error in order to identify. And finally, after your post video reflection is complete, the last step is to update your community. Okay, this one's optional, but I highly recommend it. After each upload or even just once a week, share your challenge progress with your audience. This could be as simple as a quick video three of eight complete or as involved as sharing some key takeaways from your last postvideo reflection. But no matter how big or small, just sharing some sort of regular update helps keep you accountable and also invites your audience to join you on your journey, building more loyalty, hype, and just overall engagement. Follow these four steps for every video you make over the next few weeks, and I promise you, it'll be some of the most transformative weeks of your entire YouTube career. And look, sprint mode won't be easy. Around the third upload or so is where the novelty of a challenge will start to wear off, and the reality of double uploads will start to hit. Some videos will flop. Most weeks will be overwhelming, and chances are you're going to fall behind and question whether or not it's worth it to keep going. But that's okay. That's normal. So, anticipate it. Sprint mode isn't about perfection anyway. It's about showing up again and again and putting in the reps, continuing even when it gets hard. The first time I did this challenge, I managed to upload nine videos during my sprint mode. The second time I uploaded just four. But if I let you in on a little secret, what really mattered, what really moved the needle for me wasn't the exact number of uploads. It's what I learned from those uploads and from the sheer momentum that came from uploading more frequently than I had done before. So, don't stress if things don't go perfectly. Just keep going. Stay the course. Push through. You're going to be shocked at just how much your content improves over just 4 weeks. Once your last sprint mode video is uploaded, your last post video reflection completed, and your last community update posted, you're ready for the third and final phase of the 90-day system. This is the phase that changed my life. You've made it to phase three, the banger. Everything you've done in this challenge so far has led to this final video. The absolute banger that not only showcases just how far you've come, but that also has the highest potential of blowing up your entire channel. And I don't say that lightly. When I first did this challenge myself, my own banger video isn't just what got me monetized, but also what got my channel discovered in the first place. It took me from under 1,000 subscribers to over 10,000 subscribers in less than a month. It prompted an invitation to speak at the biggest creator conference in the world. And most importantly, it's what proved to myself that I really did have what it takes to succeed on YouTube and that pursuing this dream of mine really was worth it. So trust me when I say a single video really can change everything. And now it's your turn. So here is how this is going to work. We're going to slow way down. While sprint mode was all about maximizing quantity in order to accelerate your learning, this phase is about going allin on quality. So, to make this video, you're going to have your original pre-print mode upload pace. So, if you were originally uploading once a week, you now get two full weeks to work on this single video. And after four straight weeks of double uploads, it's going to feel like you have so much time, which is completely by design. Because between the new skills you've picked up, the creative instincts you developed, and this newfound abundance of time, you're all set up to make the best video you have ever made. Start by revisiting your idea list from week four. Were there any ideas that made you genuinely excited, that made your heart perk up when you looked at it, but that maybe felt a little too ambitious to be able to pull off during a sprint mode? Now is your chance to bring it to life. Just make sure your chosen idea is backed up with some form of proof of prior success, like an outlier video or past videos that have hit your view goal. As long as there's some indication that it's a concept with breakout potential, you can pour everything that you have into it, knowing that it has a real shot at taking off. Next, go back through your post video reflections to piece together your fully developed signature video recipe. What audience do you want to serve? What value do you want to provide them? What format can you use to best deliver that value? What vibe or feeling do you want your videos to give off? And what differentiators can you lean into? Take that finalized video recipe and apply it to your chosen idea to make it uniquely yours. And finally, compile your answers to the last question of each post video reflection. the things you told yourself you would have improved if you had more time. Well, now you got that time, baby. Put together, these answers will tell you exactly what you need to do to take the quality of your video from good to great. Maybe it's deeper research or more cinematic shots or more intentional music choices and sound design. Whatever it is for you, the culmination of that extra effort is what will separate this video from every video that came before it. So, take your shot. Make something you're proud of. Make something that feels bigger and better than anything you've ever done before because you just spent the last two months showing up, learning fast, improving just how badly you want this. And now is your time to show the world just how far you've come. With your banger video uploaded, all that's left to do is take the final week of this 90-day journey to reflect on what you've accomplished, consolidate everything you've learned. This is your time to take it all in and also to decide what comes next. Because now that you have all of this momentum, we don't want to lose it. So take this final week to revisit your post video reflections one last time. Re-watch your uploads with fresh eyes. Consider how it felt to focus more on quantity or on quality. After all, this challenge pushed you to explore both ends of the spectrum. In sprint mode, you pushed quantity to the extreme and saw what you were capable of when you removed perfectionism and overthinking. And for your banger video, you pushed quality to the extreme and saw what you could create when you slow down and give a video your full attention. So now that you've experienced it all, what balance do you want to strike moving forward? Do you want to revert back to the original upload schedule you maintained before this whole challenge started? Or do you want to make some changes? There's no one right or wrong answer here, and you can always change your mind later. But for now, armed with a data backed upload schedule, a clearer creative voice, a stronger connection to your audience, and a signature video recipe that's entirely your own, congratulations. You've done it. You've completed the 90-day challenge to blow up your channel. And I can't wait to see what the next chapter will bring. So, now you know the road map. 12 weeks, three phases, and one challenge that could genuinely change your life the same way that it did for me. Not just once, but twice before. And yes, I know it sounds intense because it is. If it were easy, everyone would be doing it. And the truth is, most people who watch this video won't. They'll nod along, think, "Oh, hey, that's a good idea. I should try that." And then they'll close the tab and talk themselves out of it. And look, I get it. The timing is never perfect. But the ones who win are the ones who take action anyway. They start before they feel ready. They commit before they feel confident and they figure it out while they're moving. So, if any part of you feels like you're meant for more as a creator, that your channel has more potential that it just hasn't tapped into, then this is your moment. The end of the year is coming fast. And if you start now, this challenge will carry you there. You'll finish the year stronger than you started with real momentum, a clearer direction, an audience that's actually growing. But most importantly, you'll prove to yourself that you can do hard things. You can commit. You can take YouTube seriously. And when you do that, you're no longer hoping that your channel will grow someday. You're actually building the version of you who makes that growth inevitable. So, let this be your moment. Download the notion workbook, start the challenge, level up your channel, and go allin on the creator you're about to become. If you need a primer on how to come up with great ideas that will help you absolutely crush this challenge, check out my YouTube ideation master class here. Otherwise, thank you so much for watching. If you need it, this is your sign to keep creating. Like and subscribe if you can, and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AprilynneAlter [19 likes]: It's been absolutely INCREDIBLE seeing so many of you take on the 90 Day Challenge! It's seriously one of the best things in the world to see you share your commitments and wins 💙

While you can definitely go through the challenge on your own, many of you have asked for direct support or coaching from me as you navigate your YouTube journey. So as a result, I just opened up a cohort for 90 Day Breakthrough, a 12-week guided coaching program designed to help you level up your YouTube channel

It follows a similar overall structure as laid out in this video (with a few changes), and it's incredibly action-oriented, featuring additional lessons, live sessions with me & my team, personalized feedback, and community support all centered around the exercises and activities that actually drive momentum

If that sounds like your jam, you can learn more & apply here: https://90dbt.com

(But remember, you don't HAVE to spend money in order to grow on YouTube. It can be great as an accelerator, but if you're not in a place right now where you can take a full course like this, remember that you still have all of the information you need to get there on your own. You got this 💙)
  2. @Kelleymyriah [1 likes]: Thank you for creating this! Its been 6 years since I started my channel and I gave up too soon the first time. My goal is to reach 1,000 subscribers which seems CRAZY when I only have 62.. Wish me luck!! I'm committed now AHH
  3. @MarceloAlmeidaoficial-M [1 likes]: Seguindo suas dicas, espero um dia que meu canal decole....🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
  4. @StudywithGtt: Hello I want to commit !!
  5. @pananabanana: Very inspiring! I started making videos recently and currently brewing ideas and creating my perfect recipe 🤩🩷✨
  6. @gi.restarts: Im doing a lot of research in prep for launching this channel - I learn so much for your videos! You take the guesswork out of things. We got this everyone 💪
  7. @itzzNikita: As someone who has recently started content creation , this was helpful
  8. @numbersandnature: I cant saw your videos anymore.  You are too beautiful
  9. @XxGamingSenseixX: i started with sooo many unorganised aproaches and its not working ! 
thank you sooo much for these insights and wisdom !!! 🎉🎉❤❤❤ 
solid realistic and very helpful
edit : and yesss i'm taking on the challenge
  10. @ShayViezcas: I’m at my 3rd week of this challenge, I’ve been posting one video a week and I’m currently getting ready to start posting twice a week. I’m hoping this 90 day challenge gets me monetized 🎉
  11. @RuthOdetola: Just started my YouTube channel a few days ago, I’m excited for the journey. Aiming for consistency not perfection. Wish me luck !!!
  12. @AydenSmith-p6x: Ive had a gaming channel called Xplizit for a couple years im making a new youtube channel with this account based on self improvement mental frameworks ynderstwnding how the mind works how to achieve goals and also its for me to build a commuinity network with others and learn
  13. @natshoaSA: I’m trying but it still nothing my YouTube is frozen😢😢😢
  14. @balaprakasamable: iwill start my my channel tommorrow
  15. @Yuva-m2i: I'm committing to yt for 90 days !!
  16. @OmarGutierrez-21: Im Focused On Gaming Food & Summarys Like A Real 30 Year Old Can I Get A Shout Out. Any Sponsors ✌️
  17. @TrickyGoat_ua: will it work if i already posted 100 bad videos or it works only on new chanels?
  18. @WanderingNiz: Is the idea to continue producing only one recipe or can a channel maintain more than one?
  19. @sherlock56u: Currently at 47 subscribers, i will come back in 90 days with my results:)
  20. @desikhanatime2.0: What camera do you have?

- Fall Asleep While I Reveal the Secrets of the YouTube Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en So, I recently found a YouTube channel where a creator calmly narrates their way through shooting people through the head. And we've only gone and done him from across the map. Oh, it's square. Straight between the eyes. He's reaching for his nose. He doesn't realize it's already gone. >> And incredibly, 2 million people have used this video to fall asleep. Or at least I think they have. And this so easily could have been a one-off viral moment. But instead, it's become a repeatable format. And the creator who built it understands something about YouTube that most creators are still completely oblivious to. So, in this video, we're going to show you the three-step strategy that birthed an entirely new content formula, a brand new channel, and the very serious question of whether or not you're supposed to fall asleep watching these videos. The channel is called Slogs. It's gaming content, Sniper Elite. It's a decent-size audience, and they clearly know what they're doing. Now, do not stop watching this video just because I'm talking about a gaming channel. The strategy is what's critical here, not the topic, not the niche, not the genre. Anyway, in January 2026, they posted a video called Fall Asleep While I Hunt Sniper Players. It's a 90-minute gameplay session where the creator plays Sniper Elite trying to hunt someone down and execute them. To do that, I'm using the quietest weapons in the game so as not to disrupt your relaxation and sleep potential. The video has 2 million views, over 50,000 likes, and nearly 3,000 comments. Now, that in itself is pretty interesting, right? But here's where things get really instructional for you. They spun out an entirely separate channel, Sleepy Slogs, dedicated entirely to this new format. And that channel has been racking up hundreds of thousands of views per video ever since. That is a creator who knows how to read data. And that skill, reading your own outliers, is the difference between a channel that stumbles onto something once and never does anything about it, and a channel that builds a sustainable format out of it. An outlier, by the way, is a video that performs way above a channel's average, as illustrated by this number, along with the fact that the video is still getting 300 views per hour, 4 months after it was published. If you click on the outlier number, it will take you to more outlier videos using the same idea and title strategy, of which there are many. >> [clears throat] >> If you want to use this tool right now, head on over to www.vidIQ.com/start. I'll tell you what, let's pull up one of these videos for closer inspection. Fall asleep while I hunt sniper players. It's a 70-minute gaming session in Sniper Elite Resistance. There's no face cam, soft ambient music underneath. If you're still awake, you uh you imagine a rendition of a sniper leviathan, and let that lull you into a state of slumber. And then this British guy, completely deadpan, narrating the elimination of enemy snipers like he's presenting a nature documentary. >> Oh my goodness, what an incredible long shot right across the map. Oh, I've taken his jaw out. I've sent him right into heaven. >> And then, 5 minutes later, while hunting a player called Dorian across a war-torn European map. >> one guy. His name is Dorian, which, interestingly, is the name of my parents' cat. Don't know if this guy is my parents' cat. Probably not, but you can never be too careful. >> Over 800,000 views, 20,000 likes, 1,500 comments from a video whose stated goal is to put you to sleep before you reach the end of it. So, what is actually happening here? Well, I'm calling this the content collision framework. Three steps, three deliberate creative decisions that Slog made that turned a contradiction into a video category. Sleep content on YouTube is a crowded space. Rain sounds, brown noise, calming music. It's been on the platform for two decades. All things designed to be boring. So, Slog decided to pick something very much not designed for sleep. The deafening fire of a sniper rifle. And doing it anyway. And it didn't stop with sniper games. Slog branched out. Fall asleep while I rob rich people. Hmm, the cognitive dissonance in that title alone is worth a click. You don't believe it. You have to check, is this real? Is this satire? Can watching other people's homes get burgled while I try to fall asleep on my own be weirdly effective. I'm driving out with their vehicle. Well, what a vehicle is. This is an absolute beast of a vehicle. Much better than my piece of trash. I'll be honest with you, I had questions. What we've effectively discovered here is the impossible premise and it's remarkably powerful. So, let's put some of this evidence and theory into practice. Write down your channel's niche and now write down a video format that is the complete opposite. It shouldn't work. Then ask yourself, is there an audience being served by the overlap? Sleep content viewers want long, calming company. Gaming viewers want personality and stakes. Slog found the Venn diagram or maybe he invented it and firmly planted a flag in it. Your job is to find yours before someone else does. Because once someone else has claimed a content collision, it's very hard to be the second one. Now, let's talk about how boring these videos are that you to sleep. In this particular video trying to break out of prison, the creator spends the bulk of it completely lost, digging a hole, trading with other prisoners, then hitting bedrock on every side of his tunnel, genuinely convinced the game is completely broken at this point. >> Please get me out of here. Please, for the love of God, get me out of here. Where did I go? Where did I go? Oh, no. Please, not like this. Then, in a final blind run, he falls through a chasm he can barely see, stumbles through total darkness, and ends up on the other side of a ladder. Outside, he doesn't even realize he's escaped until he has to repair a fuse box. He's completed a prison break by accident in the dark without even knowing what he was doing. Congratulations. You managed to escape from prison in 2 hours, 21 minutes, and 57 seconds. There are stakes. There is danger. Something is happening. The format doesn't work because it removes tension. It works because it reframes it. The commentary is calm, the pacing is unhurried, but underneath all of that, there's always the escape. There's always an objective. There is always the question, well, is he actually going to get out of this very weird prison? But, at 2 hours, 19 minutes, and 30 seconds, there's more than ample opportunity to fall asleep watching this video. And that is the tension anchor. The question the viewer is waiting to see answered. On a cooking channel, it's does this recipe work? On a finance channel, it's does this strategy actually make money? On a sleep gaming channel, it's does he get the kill or steal a car or break out of prison? Apparently, I don't know. It's quite a new niche for me. So, what you need to do is identify yours before you even script a single word. If your video doesn't have a tension anchor, your audience has no reason to stay. They'll fall asleep watching our video in the worst way. The way that means they're never coming back to your content. If you scroll through the comments of these videos, you'll soon discover that the audience get the premise of the content, and some of those comments are genuinely quite remarkable. "This worked. Now I'm back to watch the whole video and hopefully stay awake." "Thank you." That last one, read it again. Here we have the parasocial loop. Someone fell asleep, woke up, and came back to watch it, and they're actually awake. That's because they care about what happens. Not just as a sleep aid, they care about the creator. Or, they're mirroring the creator with a nice little bit of sarcasm. To date, all sleep content creators have removed themselves from the equation entirely when it comes to their content. Slog's, however, puts himself right in the middle of it. >> Thank you for potato soup. Mm. I'm getting my wisdom teeth taken out soon. I is uh I'm going to be in big potato soup world for like a week, for sure. Looking forward to that big time. >> And he apologizes for loud noises that disrupt the intended experience. Some rather unrelaxing events have just transpired as I've spawned in here. I'm sorry about that. I hope you're still sleeping comfortably. Maybe the sound of the V2 rocket launch will bring you back to a state of relaxation. And the audience really responds to this by commenting, returning to watch more videos, subscribing, and joining a Discord and a Patreon. All this from a sleep channel. All this for a violent gaming sleep channel. What this parasocial loop is teaching us here is that personality is not simply a nice-to-have. It is actually the retention mechanism. Every time this creator cracks a deadpan joke or goes off on a tangent about cats, he's giving the audience a reason to come back that has nothing to do with the game, the genre, or the algorithm. >> Why is it so enjoyable to have a job in a video game and so terrible to have a job in real life? If there was just a way you could track your XP progression through life. I mean, I think the amount of more that people would do would be absolutely insane. And the fastest way to build a returning audience is to be specific, strange, and unapologetically yourself because that combination, by definition, is impossible to replicate. Here's what this is all telling us about YouTube right now, today in 2026. The niches that you think are saturated aren't actually saturated. What is saturated is the conventional approach to those niches. The question Slogo answered before posting this single video wasn't what content should I make? It was more along the lines of what two things have never been in the same room before at the same time. And is there an audience for that interesting collision? That was a nice shot with the DL QAR as you can see the uh Well, if your eyes are awake. And just to remind you of the origin story here. This video was a new idea format on a very established channel covering one specific video game. But the community loved it so much that they wanted more and they asked for it. The creator realized that not only could they replicate this format on the game they were so well known for, but they could also transplant this format into other video games, too. Thus, creating a nearly infinite number of video ideas and being the sole creator in this new sub gaming niche. The channels breaking through right now are almost all genre collisions. Two well-defined audiences, one format that serves both. A premise so specific it creates its own category. If you are building a channel today and you're not asking yourself, "What is my genre collision?" you are trying to build a channel in the most crowded part of the YouTube platform. And the difference between the channel that breaks through and the one that stalls at a couple of hundred views is often this. The breakout channel discovered a space on the platform that didn't exist until they made it. However, I appreciate that colliding the gaming niche with the fall asleep format might just be a little too bonkers to replicate. So, there is a softer and more accessible strategy that involves bending the niche. It's a strategy that's dominating YouTube recently. And we did a deep dive with tons of examples that you can join me in right now. As long as you didn't fall asleep, of course.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [46 likes]: You fell asleep watching this video didn't you? 😴
  2. @dpcreation8678 [1 likes]: 😊😊
  3. @toreleirenprivat: I have a Relaxation Channel,where I play instrumental piano and ambient sounds. Maybe I shall start using the Title “Fall Asleep While I Play Calm Piano Songs”? And use the Fall Asleep While I….,in all Titles from now on,because then I have a sustainable format for me?
  4. @LUSHImboundMarketingFKcom: I am shocked 😲. This is very scary....
  5. @DamienTrimnal: I have a niche bend I haven't made yet but answer me if you think this would work me and my little brother playing "adult games" example red dead redemption online I'm curious on what you would have to say
  6. @Umar38485: 感谢 VidIQ
  7. @cursedtoons2: So this creator created a second channel where he reposted videos he already posted in his first channel, and Youtube granted him hundreds thousand views, even though it's duplicate content? I don't get it.
  8. @riffcodger: Looks like Ai to me😂
  9. @Intellestelarium: So going to sleep to this positive and uplifting themes such as this .. is not going to be contra productive for our humanity ? our sanity ? Our brain wellbeing ?  Just bring the meteorite already !
  10. @DrBiology3: But WHY? kids go to sleep with people being shot in the head. No wonder Govt are after YouTube! Terrible!
  11. @RadarNetizenID: Very inspiring 🎉🎉🎉
  12. @Nurhannblogu: Neden Türkçe altyazı eklemiyorsunuz? 😏
  13. @ArtJourneyUK: Why on God's green earth would anyone want to fall asleep listening to gruesome shooting commentary? That's nightmare fuel... and disgusting.
  14. @ArtJourneyUK: The problem with these sleep channels is that you're woke up every 3-5 minutes with blaring ads!
  15. @dpcreation8678: What is no english speaking is hindi please hindi
  16. @golvifootball: I will not make yt video again.
  17. @Echocosmic-1: This will be very... very.... interesting.
  18. @sandhumalket: Thnks for information bro ❤❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  19. @Turbo_Gamer1986: Anyone from gmail ? 😂😂
  20. @hamzabouids: ❤❤❤

- Behind the scenes Viral Wings Up | By Portal Cinema| Quá trình sản xuất viral video: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] thank you [Music] everyone names and one more time remember one more time okay yeah foreign

- Revealing 10 Secrets About My Illusions: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm revealing 10 Secrets behind my tricks like do you know I don't shoot in a house but actually a set because in a home you can't really get away with shooting things I don't know like [Music] this thanks to Google career certificates for sponsoring a portion of this video and our first secret to kick it off is that we don't use green screen so I don't know why this is here we're going to turn that off all right let's so I love pushing our tricks to be as fully practical as possible whether that means we actually put a real ice Plunge in a living room or we have a set built on a beach and we transition through the wall or one of my favorite examples of using no green screen is when I'm at a county fair and at one point I stand on the chalk drawing and I'm struggling to hang on but then I fall into the abyss of the drawing and we were able to pull that video off with a latch door and a hole underneath and then we fly in a piece of wood for our actress to stand on at the end to prove once again that it really is the TR drawing I love when it's practical on to the next secret so my videos look like it might be just me and a friend filming at home but that is not true there is actually an entire production team behind me they're awesome super creative and I would trust them with anything oh guys speaking of trust fall so I did start making these videos by myself but over the years I've been lucky enough to grow a team and we shoot out of this Warehouse in LA and it doesn't matter what your role is in the business people on the finance team and people who are producers we all join together on Mondays and we go to the writer's room to find the very best ideas all right for this next secret let's talk about how much these videos cost to make so we intentionally make my videos look DIY or homemade and that's so that you believe into the magic a little bit more when in fact they're actually pretty expensive to pull off we recently made a video where it costs like $10,000 for every finished second of the video which is pretty nuts we also just built a case for a brand new short film stranded part two which I hope you enjoy cuz it is also our most expensive ensive short film Endeavor ever the next secret is I don't make money the way most traditional YouTubers do and that's because the YouTubers I know make the majority of their income from AdSense which is when YouTube splits its ad Revenue with its creators but my ad Revenue has been typically lower because the audience is so International so the majority of my studio funding has to come from things like brand sponsorships and I want to thank Google career certificates for sponsoring this portion of the video now typically a brand would provide a creator with what we call talking points and that's of why you might hear a Creator present their sponsorships like this Google career certificates help people get in in I mean I got to spice it up more than that Google career certificates can help you learn job ready skills in under 6 months and they're taught and developed by Google employees thanks they recently launched the Google digital marketing and e-commerce certificate which includes email marketing and designing and running an online store there are also certificates in the job field of it support and that code is definitely raw you also learn data analytics and who doesn't love a good chart except that looks a little high you want to learn more go to grow. gooogle certificates and I want to thank Google career certificates for sponsoring this portion of the video now you probably won't believe this next secret now surprisingly I've never gotten hurt doing a stunt right now I've clocked almost 160 stunts from Falls to Dives to wirework and uh this is the perfect time to also say do not try any of this at home because we work with really amazing Hollywood professionals who know the ropes but 3 2 1 one of my favorite stunts was when where I got to be shot backwards on wires that was pretty fun and recently got to do some stunts with dude perfect and that's been slowly curing my fear of heights I hope to continue doing a lot of safe stunt work knock on the good old wood so surprisingly working with bigger animals is usually easier than working with the smaller ones because the smaller ones can't usually hit their marks or be trained to do that you hungry I think he just wants to play we've gotten to shoot with a lot of different horses as well well as a polar bear which surprisingly only took like 7 minutes to shoot with so usually we make mockups with stuffed animals and our team just acts it out and what we want the animal to do and we send that to the animal Wranglers and they'll train them for a few days so they can hit their marks we go through a ton of hard drive space every year because we're making so many videos and some of these videos straight up fail they don't work like this one here and this concept Nate my buddy comes up and he's asking for the last slice of pizza which I've already eaten so I then begin to regurgitate that pizza and you could it's just really gross it's kind of offputting and we shot this video In Reverse which is the cool part of the trick but the story was kind of lacking and we realized after we shot it it just felt weird so the lesson here is keep creating cuz not all of them are going to work out and and that's totally fine so how long do these videos take to make on average the answer might surprise you let me show you okay so it doesn't take that long actually but uh from writer's room all the way to posting it takes probably on average two months per video to get made but it really depends the set build and what the trick requires for example there's some videos that have taken us 6 months 9 months to make this one in particular I remember it took almost a year to find this specific location and we actually needed a specific grade of the slope at the park you know some of these tricks especially when they require really specific perspective distances they're hard to plan okay ow ow so well I have a lot of really cool props at the studio including this giant doughnut here which in the video I was a pastry Thief so we had to build this giant donut to interact with um we've also got like giant mugs like this one here that we used in a video with J did someone say time for props so most our props are made here in house by our designers mostly because it requires a lot of customization for these tricks to work whether it's using a miniature item like this Lighthouse here I love playing with perspective so it's so fun to get a real tactile miniature that you can use for the tricks or we'll have to Custom Design some sort of Illusion box like this one which makes your hand disappear but an item magically pop out oh you get it it's it's a it's a mirror and the coolest prop that I know you've never seen before exclusively designed for us by Mark Rober himself the last secret is I've got these super sticky plungers that help me climb up walls actually it's just a rotating room 250,000 likes and we'll make another Reveal video C that's the one maybe tell him to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @dipankarbiswas7783 [2 likes]: 2:56 if ads were like this i would watch ads instead of videos😂
  2. @SonícX-i4u [1 likes]: It's unbelievable mate, 
Hire me in your team Zach 😅❤❤❤
  3. @Iternalrider [1 likes]: You deserve that subscribers for your hardwork and creativity
I wish you will go 100millions subscriber!
  4. @Eddiemoo19 [1 likes]: How did you be giant
  5. @AceFromTheSuits [1 likes]: Zach can I please be in your videos with you and ur team
  6. @well9TV276: Hi I'm Ahsan you
  7. @ああpartyああ: 0:00
  8. @PKXD_Mommy-72937: 0:09 Car Falling Got Me Trying To Laugh 😂
  9. @bthnf: I'm on Google now watching YouTube on it
  10. @HarveyAmar: So awesome
  11. @hazañasy: 2:38 the broken TV 💀💀💀
  12. @DoubleMinistrationtv: I so much love watching your magic.  May God continue to bless you more and more and everyone in this forum Amen 🙏.
  13. @salvatoresergi6499: July 09th 2019-Present!??!
  14. @SpeedClipsUniverse: You can make the best movies; you should do it.
  15. @OkechukwuPaul-88: Really ❤❤❤
  16. @BrosAnimations-XD: Nahhhh😂😂
  17. @Eddiemoo19: How did you make a toy car into a real car
  18. @MisterPineYT: That polar bear was so chill
  19. @zyielcrews7092: 2:45 TV
2:49 Phone
3:00 Computer
3:12 Data Analyst
  20. @zyielcrews7092: 2:51 TV

- Wonder Behind the Scenes - The Makeup (2017) | Movieclips Extras: Kind: captions Language: en he has a complete silicone neck and chin and cheeks and then a complete face and nose fake years under skull wig then he has contact lenses and teeth I don't think a lot of people realize what he's he's completely covered in the end really you know his arms are his own that's it every morning I get to makeup chair and Robert pen Dini combs my hair back so they can like put the prosthetic on and then after he does that but I have to sit in the chair for an hour and a half so every morning we put on a movie and I'll do you watch a movie while they put it on first they put on the helmet and then they start to glue on the neck the chin that the cheek pieces and then after that they glue on the head the headpiece and then Robert Penn Dini comes again and puts on the wig we would start painting and finishing the makeup and we put the teeth in and then the lenses were last we wouldn't pull the eyes down to where you're actually on set to save that extra half an hour before you would actually film and he had this system whereby he would attach these things here and if you were to click in the back of the head it it would do this to his eyes he has it underneath the wig it had a mechanical device to pull his eyes down so they're not rupee and we could lock it and unlock it because I knew it would be very uncomfortable throughout filming if he if he constantly had that glued down that was practical I couldn't wait to get to spend the whole summer in this you know why because sometimes I got HD but other times if you really didn't think about that much it was like there was a nice cozy warm cocoon around your head

  Top Comments:
  1. @Robert-l3v6d [4 likes]: This young actor is amazing. This is just one of many outstanding performances he has accomplished in his on going career, including his impressive voice acting in animation productions. To watch him now it's obvious how bright and connected he comes across.
  2. @EduardBata-h1y [3 likes]: 1:23 us soo cute when he is smiling
  3. @SamEdits-p3y [2 likes]: August looks like a kid
  4. @Imhere2025 [1 likes]: I swear you don't see it when you are friends.
  5. @Amelia-tradewithme [1 likes]: That’s auggie
  6. @Holymolyitsme-b9m [1 likes]: IT WAS FAKE?! U WANT MG TEARS BACK
  7. @chrismiller3136 [1 likes]: Me and my class because we read the book and then watched the movie and it is my favourite movie I have ever watched!❤
  8. @DamianTeliz-n3w [1 likes]: Was that the kid from that movie card the good boys?
  9. @Ayden-rokz4n8c [1 likes]: Love Auggie 😍
  10. @RichardWallace-h1m: My class read the book wonder and then watched the movie,  I thought it was a trew story of  August having the thing that he has
  11. @CaraTesdd-b1p6w: What's his real name
  12. @declascanaberales6139: Jacobo eres un arte
 Yatienes veitisico años
  13. @Paul-w1g4e: Wow 😲
  14. @Ariankagrindr: He has the most adorable baby voice oh gosh so adorable
  15. @OfficialAshArcher: Dude this kid is astonishing for being able to tolerate all of that!
  16. @Topzle: W kid
  17. @MarkLhevieCarreon: He's the voice of Luca, Flounder, in Orion and the Dark. I first saw him in Before I Wake which is one of my favorite movies. Jacob Tremblay is such a good actor.
  18. @Ccup-u3n: Who here in 2025
  19. @JUSTBEYOU-j4j: I love the movie wonder and you know Jacob Tremblay is the voice of Luca?
  20. @michman2: I had NO idea. I thought.. well....

- The Story Behind John Galliano’s Viral 2024 Maison Margiela Show | Vogue: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I did not expect the response. - It was so great to see the whole world become obsessed. - No, I've never experienced a show that goes viral. [reels clicking] That's the first time, I think. [gentle uplifting piano music] - The first time I met John Galliano, I saw him across the room. I thought I can't allow this moment to pass. - It was one of those nights I was leaving a club with Kate. All fine, all fine. And then this Gwendoline came out from the bowels of the club. And I remember Alexis was with us and I was like, "Who's that? Who's that?" And jumped in the club just a bit, but never forgot that image. - John's work has been hugely influential to me since I was a teenager, and John was extraordinarily kind and said that he hoped that we would work together one day. - I've been a fan of Gwendoline's for a long, long time. She didn't know. And I think in one of those banters we were having, I said, "You know we've met before." And she went completely red. She went, "Oh, I thought you would never, you'd forgotten that and you..." It was quite sweet. - This is the first time I've walked in one of John Galliano's shows. Even saying that feels so bizarre. - She put the time in. She came in for the fittings three or four times, trips to London, sous-vetements, the undergarments, the corset training, and created the dress on her, really. - It's really influenced me more greatly than perhaps I can even convey. Wild imagination but coupled with real craftsmanship. Those things coming together and creating true artistry. [gentle dreamy music] - Well, my research books, I love the way they're all kenned up like little butterflies. You can help yourself. You can flick through and you see there's research on dolls, van Dongen is some of the makeup ideas that we played with and the colors. Over here, it's like a cabinet of curiosity. So we have the Juliette corset, the Ethel corset, the cincher, and these are for boys and girls. [page rustles] Happy to discuss some of the newness, if you like, or some of the new techniques. Retrograding, the idea that you could almost treat the subject wearing the dress like a line drawing. So imagine you start with just a crayon at the top and that crayon becomes more intense as you get to the waist. Then through color and fabric, and a retrograde of techniques, you build up the three dimensionality of that dress. It was like degrade? So degrade day of line, degrade of technique, degrade of textures. - When I saw the collection, I saw quite how beautiful it was. The innovation with the fabrics, the narrative, the storytelling, the emotion. When I saw all of those things, it connected back to what his work has brought me. - At that level of dressmaking, which is the highest form of dressmaking, just once a year, because of the time. It involves the structures, the substructures, and the engineering, especially building a dress on a redefined body shape. That's what I wanted to do. It was inspired by many references. - I looked at the Brassai photographs. That's what he talked about. And I knew those photographs very well because I'd been quite obsessed with them when I was around 20. They used to stare at those photographs and think about who the people were, and what the stories were, what had been happening. - Once we had redefined the body shape, it was only then that I could start to build the dress. So it always had to come back to that waist measurement. A corset, otherwise the dress wouldn't fit. [soft reflective music] I'd already started to work with curvier girls on couture private orders. I wanted to do that more so I embraced it. I absolutely embraced it. The casting was all-inclusive. - I thought the casting was spectacular. I thought it was really great because we saw so many different types of people. What was incredibly modern about the show was that it was exploring a totally different silhouette from one we're used to seeing. - The different morphology. It was just so exciting and so challenging. Everything was, you know, you had to find an answer. You had to work it out. - I am extremely tall and I'm certainly not sample size, and I thought it was beautifully radical for John to amplify and intensify my size and my proportions, and change them and really be extreme about what I am and who I am. [soft playful music] Well, Pat McGrath is also a genius. I know that can be an overused phrase, but it's used rightfully so. With Pat, we became friends because she found me in a nightclub years ago, and I was wearing a look of hers and she said, "I love your makeup. I want to take a photograph of you." At that time, I didn't know what Pat McGrath looked like, so just this woman had taken a photograph of me. We talked about makeup and afterwards, someone said, "That was Pat McGrath." And I went, "No!" [laughs] I really missed out on a huge moment. [soft dramatic ambient music] - Well, I remember it was early January and we... You know, I had my briefing and then John just told me this amazing story. You know, we were gonna be under a bridge. He showed me the lighting and then also showed me all of these incredible characters with such incredible detail. And then John showed me this porcelain doll and was like, "I'd love to take it to glass skin." So instantly, I knew we were gonna have to find something completely new and different. I knew we were gonna have to take it there. - We'd been working on something that we call Margiela's skin for a long time now. One of the inspirations was the China doll. So it's something we had gradually been working towards, but here was the opportunity to really go for it. So I said, "Let's go for it." - Once you're told you have to do a new skin that has never existed before, you know you have to develop something that is out of this world. We started with the look, the look was kind of more matte. We kept trying to add more shine, but to me, it looked like something we'd already seen before. It was all about the designs, the weight. How do you make skin look like porcelain? It was really measured and how the makeup is applied and the lightness. And like we said, we couldn't do anything that was clown white. It had to be very subtle. - That took a lot of working up, just from the point of view of timing. So I think to begin though, there was seven layers. Seven layers, and the effect was just like, wow. You know, when the boys and girls walked here, we were just like blown over. - We went into the Margiela offices and then we showed the first look with the new glass skin, and everybody was standing ovation by the whole team. - To come into this Margiela show and see that she had pushed the boundaries even further. She had taken the idea of a filter, which is obviously AI and digital, she'd taken something from the digital realm and brought it into the physical realm. This is something entirely new. [gentle graceful music] - Very soon I realized that, you know, with the undergarments that we were using, and the corsetry, and the hair, and the makeup, that we actually needed a military-style planning to get all my muses ready on time. So I said, "You know, can you cut off some of the time, Pat?" Can you bring it down? Can you bring it down?" So she went back, studiously, with her team, and they got it down, and then they got it down again. - In the end, I will say, with the team and myself, they had it down to around half an hour 'cause we had to be quick. We cannot be late. Really and truly, I would say that the look could take about an hour and a half. [photos clicking] [gentle electrifying music] - I think when I started, I'd already planned it out upstairs where we normally show, and then it suddenly dawned on us that we'd run out of space to do it indoors. I actually discovered that place on one of my early morning jogs, then inquired if it was possible to do something there, and I was told no and then got a no again. Then the more I couldn't get it, the more I wanted it, you know how it is. 'Cause I just love the address. The idea that we'd invite our guests to this fantastic address and then take them downstairs to this dank, kind of, underbelly under the bridge with the sound of the river, [water babbling] the ebb and the flow, and that muffled sound of cars and people above the bridge and oh, it was like the audio [water swooshes] that I needed for my characters. - Something in my work as an actress is that when I go on set, I want to be in a world and I'll do whatever I can to create that world. And often I'll need to use my imagination to its fullest to really immerse in that world. But with what John had created, I didn't have to so much do that work. - Oh, it'd be fab to actually have them look like they're coming back from a night out or whatever. There was a bit of a vampire story underneath all that too. They had to get back before midnight. [gentle heartwarming music] - I did not expect the response to be as big as it was at all. I did not think there would be this tsunami of absolute love. whole world become obsessed, trying to make this glass skin. And it was, like I said, it was heartwarming. It was beautiful to see. And at the same time, I was shocked. - The reaction after, I mean, normally I just, you know, I grab my dogs and I'm out and in the car, but I was informed that something had gone down. Yes, the kids that were dressing up with pillows and dad's coats and doing the Leon Walk. And as a designer, you want to inspire the young ones and the young kids. You know, it's amazing to get reviews, but to actually, you know, leave one of these venues, go home and you see a kid has switched his raincoat back to front, charging down the street, and you think, yeah, I've done something here, that makes me really happy. - But you know what was amazing was that a few of my friends said, "Gwen, imagine all those kids being inspired by Galliano's show like we were growing up and the impact that that had on us. Imagine it happening again." [gentle fulfilling music] - That's how shows used to be, no? You go and you get inspired to do it yourself with whatever you had with you. It would just inspire you. So I think that's good enough to hit, I think. - I'm a fan of fashion. I love fashion. As a child, that was my day out, was to go to department stores, look at collections with my mother. And for me to actually live this and see the things I see. I bring that inspiration and my passion into all of my work, and also to see how everyone works together as teams, everybody. It's incredible. It's beyond dreams.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yevgenymashenberg2369: Stupid and absolutely useless 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
  2. @ohey1987: john galliano is genius
  3. @ronrendon: And here I thought the focus was supposed to be the garments.
  4. @stevelindenburn: He should be the creative director at Chanel
  5. @DS-mo9jv: Can we get the music in this clip released? Its beautiful
  6. @baedaddy: Wow ! 😢
  7. @3507whsh: ❤
  8. @JohnJSteinbeck: His past antisemitic rants and love for Hitler, certainly went viral 🤦‍♂️
  9. @AspiringIdeals: JUSTICE FOR PAT MCGRATH!!!!!
  10. @justinbarnes007: this is so incredibly pretentious.  i'm obsessed.
  11. @lewiseaustin: Absolutely fantastic spot on John and co.
  12. @danielbiasevich7580: After watching High & Low, the documentary about him, is nice to have John Galliano back.
  13. @GerlindeKunze-y8t: John GALLIANO ❤
  14. @ladyboywonder9139: So what year is this video made ?
  15. @DemarcusBaylor: A very magical moment in time ❤
  16. @catherinemalian9558: Ilrtrulhhkgisutdkjffgkkryiuyrtrtfjhtdggffotjhknzkkytjzkbfdivkopdilrchbcgvrbhjyfkzdjllrhtfxfgruzyddyrxcrklfny
  17. @NataliaIllarionova-r9v: Браво МОЭСТРО 👏
  18. @tinkbellisima6178: How magnificent! Just when I think all innovation and creativity has been taken over by mediocrity, along come John, Pat, Gwen, and all the other lovelies that walked the show and thoroughly embraced their characters.. So lovely.❤
  19. @GmBh2001: And after this , they tried to replace this great men ... Forever team Galliano.
  20. @sarahgordino6695: GAH SO iconic

- The Dark Side of Sudden TikTok Fame...: Kind: captions Language: en There's one man all of America was rooting for during the hurricane. He's known as Lieutenant Dan. >> This is Joseph Malinowski. >> The safest place to be is on a boat in a flood. Okay, we learned that with Noah. >> He's an ocean-going amputee that went viral after attempting to weather not just one but two hurricanes while living on a small boat. >> There he is. There's our guy. YEP, LOOK AT HIM. But as with most viral figures who find themselves suddenly in the spotlight, the man's past and personal life would be put under a microscope, raising questions about his character. Now leave me the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] alone and stop trying to request me. You don't want me to go hood. I'm a chameleon. I can change my act like that. This story is one of survival and social media infamy colliding in calamitous fashion. This is the story of Lieutenant Dan. Let me set the scene. It's late September 2024 and Hurricane Helene is threatening the Gulf Coast. While states like North Carolina, Georgia, and Florida were preparing for the disaster, there were many influencers documenting the early stages of the hurricane, letting no good disaster go to waste. In Tampa Bay, you had this guy, Terrence Concannon, known as Tampa Terrence on TikTok. He would be the accidental discoverer of what would become an infamous internet meme. The story goes that Terrence, who was on his way home from school one day, saw a one-legged man struggling with the sailboat that had been stuck underneath a bridge, and Terrence decided to help the guy out. >> When I first saw Joe in Netam, his boat was being swept under bridge, and I was walking home from school, and I saw this guy who looked like he needed help. Didn't know his background, didn't know anything about him, so I went up to him, helped him out, and this how this whole thing started. >> Terrence and the stranded mariner exchanged pleasantries, and noticing his handicapped one-legged appearance, well, the TikToker couldn't help but think the guy looked like Lieutenant Dan from Forrest Gump. Nothing really came from this encounter, but it would be the first of many more eventful ones. By September 25th, Hurricane Helene was imminent. Many in the Tampa area were beginning to seriously hunker down and shelter from the storm, and an evacuation order was put in place. And with millions around the US wanting on the ground footage of Florida around this time, Tampa Terrence obliged, giving people a front row seat. He would take to TikTok, documenting the rapidly changing Tampa area as the storm approached. And naturally, with his previous encounter with that guy living on a boat, he wondered, you know, we got a hurricane approaching, what was this Lieutenant Dan fellow doing? Was he evacuating? It seemed the guy was making preparations to face the storm head-on. It was at this moment that Terrence decided to record this guy and publish him for the first time to TikTok, introducing him as real-life Lieutenant Dan, and a legend was born. We're here with the real-life Lieutenant Dan. Big hurricane coming. What are you going to say to the hurricane? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you. You want me? Come and get me. Yeah. Lieutenant Dan became an integral part of Terrence's documentation regarding the oncoming storm, and it would soon become clear that Lieutenant Dan had no plans to evacuate. Many people would become concerned and follow his developments closely. On September 26th, Terrence filmed Joseph in the midst of anchoring his boat down in preparation for the storm. We're live on the scene here. We got Diesel, Lieutenant Dan. He's anchoring down. What's he got you got working with today? Is this going to hold or what? Yeah, it's going to work. It's going to work, huh? I just got to keep my ass on this side of these poles. Yep. You know, cuz once I get on those side of the poles, then I'm in the ear world. And I want to stay in my world. >> Yeah. They can't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me out here. This will hold. These tires, these Yeah. Nobody's said anything. Tides going up to 8 ft. But I don't believe that. I think it's fine. It looked as if Joseph was going to face the storm right there, making his own biblical stand against the elements. Later that afternoon, as tides were beginning to get higher, Terrence would check in on Lieutenant Dan yet again. And surprisingly, despite the deteriorating weather conditions, he was still in high spirits and in no hurry to go anywhere. Joseph looked like he was about to go on a, you know, Sunday fishing trip, and he was waiting for his buddies to show up. He was totally unfazed. While viewers admired his gumption regarding the dire circumstances at hand, there's no way around it. Being in a boat during a hurricane is quite the precarious situation, and many people thought he was going to die. People requested more and more updates, and Terrence would do the best that he could to provide them. Later that night, at around 9:00 p.m., amidst storm surge and high tides, Terrence would wade through floodwaters to check in on Joseph. As you can see in this clip, the ocean had literally submerged the dock, and Joseph's boat can be seen rocking around. The seaman emerges from the cockpit to provide blue-balled fans with a much-anticipated update. Dan, we need an interview. There he is. There's our guy. [Applause] HOW WE DOING? GET THE GET THE PEOPLE AN UPDATE. SO FAR, so good. We're staying on this side of the pole. Right now, it's actually still low tide, if you can believe that. He says it's still low tide, when it's in 3 hours high tide, buddy. When asked why he decided to endure all of this, for him, it was to protect the homestead. Why did you decide to stick this hurricane out on a 13-ft sailboat? But it's my home. It's all I got. With the storm overhead, updates ceased and Hurricane Helene wreaked havoc. Helene had arrived in Florida and was about to make its presence known in a big way. Hurricane Helene would go on to become the deadliest tropical cyclone to hit the United States mainland since Hurricane Katrina in 2005. One thing that is remarkable about this storm is that the majority of deaths from Helene were a result of inland flooding in states like Georgia, Tennessee, and most notably North Carolina. The destruction from which is still being cleaned up to this day. Though in Florida, many lives were lost as well. 12 people would perish in the Tampa Bay area alone. Was Dan one of them? The next morning, Tampa Terrence went to the dock that Joseph had been moored at the night before. He half expected the boat and Joseph to be gone. But sure enough, Dan was still there. Lieutenant Dan had not only survived, but his boat remained completely intact. Apparently, he had to reposition his boat at one point during the night, but said after that, he slept through everything like a baby. To him, it was no big deal. Like it was just a little wind. It was a little rough till about 11:30. I repositioned the boat, and I was heading into the wind, and I slept like a baby from 12:30 to 5:00 this morning. I woke up twice to pee. That was it. But other than that, I mean, it's been a great night. He even quipped that his boat was improved by the storm, saying that it got a good wash from the rain. Terrence's TikToks with Lieutenant Dan had garnered something of a cult following, with many invested in the sailor's survival story. His successful stunt had made him something of an internet legend. In the space of a few days, this guy had become a sort of bizarro influencer, and Lieutenant Dan would receive more than just online praise, as there would be some potential financial reward for his survival stunts as well. With all the attention that the guy was receiving, Tampa Terrence decided to help Lieutenant Dan set up a GoFundMe. The idea was to raise enough money to get the one-legged swashbuckler a newer boat. Terrence would make a post to his TikTok promoting a GoFundMe fundraiser, which would eventually reach over $40,000. This act of generosity, though, would end up being a catalyst for drama that was to come later. But as for the time, things were running smoothly. Tampa Terrence's TikTok with Dan's content continued to grow, bringing with it new adoring fans who were all interested in Dan's exploits. But I want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart to everybody that donated and your well wishes and everything. It really meant a lot. This was really the only sort of update for a while, but interest around Lieutenant Dan would skyrocket again when forecasters had determined that a new storm was brewing and had its eye on Tampa. Yes, there was another hurricane on the way, and it was a big one. Hurricane Milton was approaching the Tampa Bay area at speed. Milton was an unusual hurricane in that it had formed in the Gulf of Mexico. Most tropical storms and hurricanes that we tend to see hit the Florida area start in the Atlantic off the coast of Africa. But record warm temperatures in the Gulf allowed Milton to intensify very quickly, the storm reaching category five at multiple occasions. And forecasters were saying this storm was going to be extremely deadly, especially if it hit the populated area of Tampa, like it seemed to be heading towards. So, Lieutenant Dan got to work. Yeah, so I took the boat out, and now I'm in the middle of a hurricane, but at least I have internet access and the best VPN around, thanks to today's sponsor, Surfshark VPN. Surfshark is a VPN app that hides your IP address, keeping you anonymous online. And by doing this, you're better protected from hackers and safer when connecting to unsecure public Wi-Fi networks. Jesus Christ, that wind is picking up. Now, I use Surfshark a lot, especially when I'm traveling, you know, at an airport, at a coffee shop. I wish I was at one of those right now. But you don't want to just go into these places raw without a VPN. Somebody could get into your network and hack your information. Surfshark is a great value. I mean, right now, they have a 30-day money-back guarantee. You can try it out and if you don't like it for any reason, well, cash back in your hand, baby. With Surfshark, you can change your IP address to appear virtually anywhere on Earth. They have 3,200 servers in over 100 locations. So, you know, you can make it appear as if you're accessing the internet from Germany when you're really here in the United States being annihilated by a hurricane live on camera. Oh, that's not good. Guys, I'm taking on water, so let it be clear. My last wishes for you to go to surfshark.com/wavywebsurf and use code wavywebsurf at checkout to get 4 months of Surfshark free. Secure your privacy today with Surfshark and click that link in the description box. Oh, man, that that's one wave that I'm not going to be able to web surf out of. It was good knowing you guys. Tampa Terrance would capture much of Dan's preparation efforts on camera and checked in on him frequently during Milton's build-up. During one of these visits, Joseph would give Terrance a tour of the interior of his boat and later in the evening he would explain to viewers how he actually had lost his leg. It's like he was Lord Damping here. 16 years old and I was a virgin. I wanted to change it that day. Me and my girlfriend had it all worked out and on the way to her house I'm driving my scooter. And I took my eyes off the road for a second. I just stopped at a jewelry store. I picked up a gold chain for her. I'm on my way to her house. And we had a family friend that owned a gas station up here on the right. So, I took my eyes off the road to see who was working that day and when I came back around, there was you. Right there. Was it not you? Uh yeah. But a car stopped right in front of me. I ran into him doing about 45. Went up, hit my leg on the back windshield, shattered that, broke my femur, had a compound tib and fib uh fracture, severed the femoral artery. While the storm before it was certainly destructive, staying for Milton seemed like a death sentence due to its initial Category 5 status. Viewers were extremely concerned for Lieutenant Dan and believed that he might not make it through this one. Dan though was completely unfazed by the ominous forecast explaining that he felt the safest place to be in a potential flood caused by a hurricane was in a boat. All right, Dan. The people that are new, explain to them why you're signed to stick out a Category 5, one of the worst hurricanes in Tampa history, out on a 20-ft sailboat in Tampa Harbor. Um God told me to come out here and get a boat. I came out here and got a boat. And everything that he's been telling me over the last 2 days is I'm doing the right thing. He's got my back. I'm in good shape. I ain't sweating it. Um we're going to ride this one out. We got set up the way we know what we're doing and as long as the water just keeps rising, we'll be Will you be wearing a life jacket? >> Hell no. That same day news media outlets descended on the harbor all hoping for a slice of the Lieutenant Dan pie that was going around on social media. He had become a local celebrity in short time. On October 8th, an evacuation order was put in place for Tampa Bay zones A and B. Experts were warning that the potential damage from Milton could be catastrophic with storm surges up to 15 ft. Predictions were looking bleak. In light of these ominous forecasts, Joseph was visited by the chief of police who offered to give him shelter. This was after Joseph had stated on a TikTok live that if someone helped him find a place to stay, then he would leave his boat to ensure his own safety. This actually appeared to be an offer Lieutenant Dan had accepted with there being reports surfacing around this time that the boat was empty. However, any chatter suggesting that he had taken up the offer from the chief of police would be proven wrong the following day as around this time Joseph was seen back aboard his boat. It appeared he was fully committing to riding out the storm. Dan would explain to the media around this time that he didn't have a vehicle to evacuate if he wanted to. And he said the boat was his home and his fate was in God's hands. I don't fear the storm. I don't fear anything but but the government, the police, the mayor, everybody's trying to get me to leave in the worst way. I wish they would leave me alone. If nobody saw me on TikTok, I'd be out here by myself right now doing the same thing I'm doing right now, just sitting here. They don't do anything to help you. They just tell you that you have to leave. That it's a it's a flood zone or or whatever and that you have to evacuate. Well, where am I supposed to go? And how am I supposed to get there? I don't have a car. I don't have a anywhere to go. And then you tell me you're going to put me in a shelter. going to a shelter. I've been in shelters and I've seen what goes on in them. I'm doing my own thing and if I'm risking my life, then so be it. I'm again, I'm in God's hands. God sent me here. He sent me here. He told me to come here. He told me to be right here for this. So, I'm doing what he told me to do. So, I know he didn't send nobody to get me out of here. And anybody that tried to get me out of here, they're not of God because God told me that this is where I'm supposed to be. And that's why I'm doing it. So. And you're not worried at all and everything's going to be all right? >> worried because my life, this is nothing compared to what I've been through, so this doesn't scare me. Um this is not even a minor inconvenience because all that's going to happen is everybody's going to get wet, but I'm going to be fine because I'm in a boat that floats. Again, the water's on the outside. Now, the wind, yes, the wind's going to pick up, but my anchor's tied to the dock. I'm not going to go anywhere. You not worried about this? No. It's all going to be good. I'm going to be fine. >> God has a much bigger plan for you. The next day news correspondent Brian Eaton would catch up with Joseph on the boat. And when the reporter asked if he was okay, Joseph didn't seem to understand why people were still worried about him. He was totally confident in himself again comparing himself to Noah in the big flood. Are you going to be okay? >> I'm going to be fine. I don't think people realize you you're so close to town. I mean, you could just get off if something bad happened. You know what I mean? I'm I'm not going anywhere because the safest this place to be is on a boat in a flood. Okay, we learned that with Noah. Everybody that stayed on land drowned. Noah and the animals lived. So, I'm fine. >> have any animals? No, I wish I did. >> Okay. I could use two females. It's funny to me how this guy manages to both be irritated and unbothered at the same time. Like there's a hurricane closing in and he's just like, "Fuck off. Leave me alone." Later that afternoon, Brian would check in on Joseph again this time finding him making final preparations. In spite of the potential damages, Lieutenant Dan was more than optimistic about his situation. For many this would be a scary experience, but for him it was just another Wednesday, business as usual. That evening as Milton got underway, footage started circulating online of a sailboat being smashed against the dock in raging waters. Its mast was broken and waves were crashing into an open cockpit. It was a harrowing sight as fans of Lieutenant Dan feared it was his. Thankfully, after closer inspection it was discovered that the boat in the video wasn't actually Lieutenant Dan's, but the question remained, how was this guy actually doing? Well, that would soon be answered. Seems the notorious live streamer Aiden Ross had become invested in Lieutenant Dan's plight and the two would actually link up on a live stream during the hurricane with Dan joining remotely from the boat. During the stream, Aiden announced that he would be paying for Lieutenant Dan to get a new boat which would cost anywhere between like 50 to 100,000 dollars. Aiden also said that he would be getting Lieutenant Dan a full-time deal on Kick. This was just yet another sign to Dan that his mission was a noble one. We were able to come up I I'm going to be able to pay for a boat for you. We're going to get you a nice boat um in the range of 50 to 100,000 dollars um and we're going to get you a full-time Kick deal which is a live stream deal where you can stream your entire voyages and all your adventures um and you could be have a passive income come in um and you're going to be uh yeah, you're going to have a Kick deal, man, a live stream deal so you could live stream and connect with uh fans all over the world and they could really see your adventure, man. Wow. I um Thank you. It seemed everything was coming together for Joseph. He was going to get a new boat and a new job essentially, but he still had to endure and survive the storm. While its wind and storm surge were already a serious threat, Milton went on to spawn a deadly tornado outbreak which ended up killing 32 people. With so many stories of death and destruction, it would be reasonable to think his quest turned into a fool's gambit, but when the next day came and the skies cleared, Lieutenant Dan emerged the victor in this battle against Mother Nature. Despite the severity of everything he was up against, Joseph had survived the night unharmed. The only real damage or loss experienced was a 250 dollar anchor that he had to leave behind after being forced to cut it free during the storm's wrath. Lieutenant Dan would be caught peeking his head out of the boat as floodwaters subsided. Tampa Terrance would meet Joseph at his boat and despite the night being a rough one, it seemed as if everything was A-OK. He survived. He's alive. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Lieutenant Dan made it. He made it, guys. Let's go. Come on. He's alive. Spirits are high. Hey, how you doing? >> Let's go. Give the people an update. How was it? I was in fear for my life all night. I didn't know what I was going to do. I was ready to call 911 twice. And I thought about it and I said, "What am I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy?" Let's go. He's alive, guys. On October 10th, Joseph's story of two hurricanes survived would be picked up by numerous media outlets, all of which wanting to find out why the stubborn sailor refused to abandon this boat. He was becoming a bonafide social media star. The man was even honored with a special operations badge by the Tampa Bay police. Joey was a beacon of light for locals in the midst of otherwise very sad developments. So, special operations, Tampa police. And I've been special operations for God for the last 10 years. You really couldn't ask for a better ending to Lieutenant Dan's hurricane arc. Thanks to the sheer unbridled stubbornness and a bit of charisma mixed with the power of TikTok, he had become a social media star and was on the fast track to make income off of his cantankerous antics. But as with many who rocket up in the online world so quickly, this attention tends to expose previously unseen blemishes in one's character. But let's table that thought and briefly focus on Tampa Terrence, Dan's collaborator in all of this, if you will. Many people were accusing Tampa T of using Lieutenant Dan for clout and saying that he put Joseph at risk for the sake of content. They said Terrence could have done more to get Dan off of the boat, which I mean, Jesus, you guys cry about everything. You really think there was anything Terrence could have done to stop Dan from doing this? Terrence would have deftly addressed these rumors in a TikTok post, elaborating that he literally did everything he could to get the guy off of the boat, but Joseph refused it every turn. And I most certainly believe this to be the case considering it's Joseph. Dan is not leaving the boat for the hurricane. He is staying on that boat. There has been many attempts to get him off this boat. People have offered houses, hotel rooms, apartments. He will not leave. So, for all the people saying get him a hotel, you're trying to get him stay on the boat, we have all tried to get him to leave. The mayor, Tampa police, me, bunch of other people, he will not leave, guys. So, do not put that on me. He's a grown man at the end of the day, he makes his own decisions. There were also some online who were accusing Tampa Terrence of grifting off of Lieutenant Dan's accomplishment, alleging Terrence was planning to steal the GoFundMe money due to his name being a beneficiary on it. And there were some tinfoil hatters who thought the entire story itself was a big work, making conspiracy theories that Lieutenant Dan wasn't even a struggling homeless person at all and that he was like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] paid actor to fleece the public. I'm not saying you have to look a certain way to be homeless, but this guy clearly was legit struggling to get by. I don't think he was cosplaying having one leg and zero possessions. I'm pretty sure he was the real deal. Terrence went on to say that he was most definitely going to give the GoFundMe money to Lieutenant Dan, explaining there were some complications with transferring the money immediately because Joseph didn't have a form of ID to access a bank account. I set him up the GoFundMe and all that money's going to him, 100% of the money. He has no bank account, no ID, so it is tricky right now getting him the money, but he will get all that money. So, when Terrence proved his critics wrong, it seemed the scrutinizers out there then shifted their skepticism at Joseph. Once the floodgates open in online drama, there's really no way of closing them until things run their course. When the critics couldn't pin Terrence on anything, they redirected their inquiries into Lieutenant Dan himself. It wouldn't be long until people started Googling Joseph's full name and digging deeper into his past. His criminal history was uncovered, which included a misdemeanor for selling, operating, or using a vessel without a certificate of title in Hillsborough County, Florida. This raised some questions about the actual ownership of his iconic sailboat as it was allegedly not even registered to him. It was also reported that in April of 2022, Joseph had served a one-year prison sentence after being charged with a felony for punching a police officer in the nose. The unregistered boat thing, that's not that bad, but shellacking a cop on the schnoz, that's a little bit harder to defend. The story goes that Joseph was asked to leave a bar and when a deputy intervened and attempted to handcuff him, Joseph swung on him. The deputy then reportedly swung back. After being arrested, Joseph reportedly pissed himself while in the back of the police car. Later, the man attempted to represent himself in court and was convicted by jury within a day. There was another alleged incident in 2023 when Joseph was alleged to have gotten into an argument with a woman while the two were sitting on separate benches at a park. Joseph then allegedly poured a one-gallon container of gasoline onto the bench between the two and ignited it. According to an affidavit, Joseph then allegedly tried to splash the woman with gas. Later, Joseph would be charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and was sentenced to house arrest by a judge. This guy, man, who would have thought that the individual who wanted to stay on his boat twice during hurricanes would be this unhinged? You just couldn't imagine it. After all of Joseph's criminal history was brought to the attention of the public, opinions on him began to sour a bit. It didn't help matters that his newfound fame had seemingly brought out a more arrogant and cocky personality that wasn't really seen in the original videos of him surviving the storms. People fell in love with the idea of him being this wholesome badass internet hero, but there seemed to be more to the guy. And people, as far as the chance goes, all right? Leave me the freak alone with that, too. You don't want me to go hood. I'm a chameleon. I can change my act like that. And I got the nuts to back it up. So, I can be nice as a butterfly or sting like a bee. What do you want? It wasn't just accusations of fraud that were coming his way. People were calling him a woman beater. There were also some accusing him of possessing CP and allegedly kidnapping and arm wording a 10-year-old. Yeah, it got ugly out there. Though we must be clear that these social media accusations were conclusively debunked when it was clarified that people had actually gotten the wrong person mixed up with Joseph. There was a guy named John Malinowski who had been arrested for those crimes, and there was a registered sex offender named Joseph Malinowski, but if you look at the picture, it's clearly not the same guy. Though still, all of this drama surrounding Joseph was affecting people's willingness to work with him. Around this time, it was rumored that Aiden Ross had actually reneged on the Kick deal that he promised to Joseph, and Lieutenant Dan was pissed about this, believing Aiden had cut him off because of the false accusations. The situation surrounding Dan continued to worsen even further. Lieutenant Dan's fame had sadly gotten the attention of actual grifters and alleged scammers who attempted to take advantage of him in various ways. One person had tricked Dan into signing into his TikTok account on their phone. This individual then reportedly inserted a clothing line link into Lieutenant Dan's bio without his knowledge. To make things even worse, Dan was made to believe that it was Terrence who had done this and taken over the account. Terrence What did I tell you yesterday? And what I'm telling you now is that when I gave you my you took my phone, he added my TikTok he added my Facebook Wait a minute. Okay. crazy He added the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the iPhone and I thought you guys were giving me that iPhone. And then he right before we're leaving, he goes, "Oh, give me that iPhone back." And I had actually grab it out of his hand and say, "I want to shut down my TikTok." Cuz he had my account on the on the freaking iPhone of his. All day today in my bio, there was a link to a clothing line that had pictures of my face on shirts. There must have been I don't know how many of them. I don't know anything about this. I don't know where this came from. Somebody added that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to my TikTok, baby. But you'd think that he would do it though if he's the one >> it? How But you'd think that And then the GoFundMe GoFundMe has been that has been done has been for him. Yeah. Everything is for him. He felt that Tampa Terrence was completely exploiting him. All right, that was a really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you go to a house that at a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird place and there's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sandbags in front of the door. We got to move them to get get into the house. the hurricane but As of now, that's nobody's been there all day. And what was the reason And what was the reason for going to the house? What did we say? We're going to set you up with a bank account. He told me that in front of you. He He said that to you and we the whole time Yes. We brought you to public. You Like why are you doing this right now, man? Come on. All I tried to do is help you. It's safe to say that the relationship between these two was stormy at best. There was a lot of confusion and paranoia, especially because of money that was now involved. And many online were backing Dan, calling Terrence a scammer, but they weren't getting the full story. The next day, Terrence would post a TikTok giving his side of what had become a controversy surrounding Dan apparently not getting the GoFundMe money. I mistakenly put the GoFundMe under my friend's name as a way to get the $2,500 out quick and give it to him and be done with it. I have done all the research and have reached out to Tampa police who are willing to help Joe get an ID and expedite this process so we can retrieve the other $35,000 in GoFundMe. I have retrieved all the money that was sent to my friend and I've gotten $7,000 in cash and which will I be giving to him today. The rest of the money will be sent to Dan as soon as he gets his bank account information set. I'm sad to see where this is all gone to and I really hope that this can all be resolved and we can all just move on with our lives. Dan confirmed that Terrence did advance him the $7,000 of the GoFundMe sum, but seemed to have doubts that he would actually receive the rest of the 30,000 plus total. Though there is blame on his behalf, too, because if he had access to his bank account, none of this would be an issue. In the meantime, Terrance came up with the $7,000 and made his freaking video in broad daylight in public by I don't know how many freaking paparazzi she had with him to give it me my $7,000 in the wide open and say, "Here is the $7,000 I owe Jay." So, here you go. Now, Britt, you know better than that. You know where we at. We in Tampa. We right here at the bank. So, it's like he right by the house. You can go on Google right now and type in Lieutenant Dan's boat and drop the pin right here. After this back and forth of accusations, Terrance distanced himself from Joseph. And with this good faith actor out of the picture, others would swoop in and make efforts to court Lieutenant Dan. One particular influencer who some believed was using Dan for clout was the individual we just showed on screen, Check the Star. A TikTok creator and SoundCloud rapper known for working with influencers like Aaron Carter and the Island Boys. Check the Star began interacting with Dan after he had driven to Tampa to document the aftermath of Hurricane Milton, along with publicly stating that he was there to seek out the social media star in Dan. I'm headed to Tampa right now. We're going to cover all the footage right now of all the disaster that happened in Tampa. We're going to find Lieutenant Dan, too. We're on a hunt for him, too. On October 11th, the spiral continued. When Lieutenant Dan decided to demonstrate his verbal eloquence in a debut stream on Kick. The event resulted in his stream being cut off and the man being reportedly banned. If you want to get back into my good graces, it's going to have to take time. Okay, a lot of work and it's going to be hard. Cuz once I cut you off, you're done, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sorry. All right. At least he said sorry. The following day, Joseph's daughter went public and talked about her worries regarding her father and the fame he was receiving. She was concerned about an alleged ongoing drug issue, believing the public attention and money that he was receiving could lead him to spiraling and ending up in an early grave. She also spoke about how she thought certain influencers were taking advantage of her dad for clout. On October 13th, the day after Anne had gone public, Aiden Ross would announce that he had officially rescinded the Kick deal from Lieutenant Dan, claiming that he had actually given it to Tampa Terrance instead. Ouch. no longer giving Lieutenant Dan a Kick deal, but I'm giving the deal to Terrance. Terrance is going to go around Tampa IRL streaming and he's going to help out homeless people and help out people that are in need, and we're going to give them a budget every day to go IRL stream and give out and bless people. Aiden did clarify that he still intended on giving Joseph the boat that he promised, only if the guy was able to stay clean and off of drugs. >> We still want to help Lieutenant Dan, known as Joe, by giving him a boat, but we also want to make sure that he's staying sober and does it the right way. So, Lieutenant Dan, of course, has a different side of the story, saying that he actually rejected Aiden's Kick deal and was going to start streaming on his own TikTok page, which went about as well as you would imagine, considering his inexperience with technology and whatnot. Yes, Lieutenant Dan, you are a great pest. You are a disgusting person. What did you do to that innocent girl? [Music] Sorry, guys. Okay, now I'm a racist. Once I cut you off, you're done, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Joseph also considered suing Terrance, and Check the Star would attempt to beef with Terrance and Aiden Ross via social media. Terrance refused to nibble, simply wishing the guy the best, and Aiden was just too big to really give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about any of this. As far as the GoFundMe situation went, Lieutenant Dan had gotten $7,000 from Terrance. And it seemed after all the drama, Terrance wasn't too keen on helping Dan get a bank account and receive the rest of it. So, with this being the case, Dan, to his credit, actually suggested that donators simply request a refund because of how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] things had gotten. >> I spoke to a lady from the GoFundMe company, and they said they were going to work with me and this and that and blah blah blah. And that they couldn't put it in my name, and now the from what I'm hearing, they want to put it in my name, and they can't release it until I get an ID and all of that. Well, I can't jump through hoops, I don't want it, and I'm getting a lot of flak about from some people saying they want a refund. So, I'm not taking the money out of GoFundMe. I'm going to let them go ahead and refund it to all the donators. Um I already got 7,000. I believe in my heart that at least out of that 40 some thousand dollars total, that 7,000 of it was meant for me and meant for me because me I'm me, not because there was a man behind the camera. Um and that gave me the name of Lieutenant Dan. And my name ain't Dan. My name and I've never been in the army. Never been in the movies, either. Not yet. >> see that the total sits at over $40,000 today. And from what I understand, that money has just been sitting there, or it was entirely refunded to the donors. Things would only get worse for the miserable mariner, as on October 17th, he was warned by authorities for not having an accessible marine sanitation device aboard his vessel, as well as not having a record showing proper disposal of waste. He basically was being accused of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the water. Dan was asked to leave, but the following morning when authorities checked back, he was still there, and so he was subsequently arrested and charged with trespassing. And it was also discovered that he had two outstanding warrants for failing to appear in court. Check the Star would post an update stating that Joseph was waiting to see a lawyer and that they were hoping he could be let out on ROR, or release on your own recognizance, which is basically where you're released from jail before your trial without posting bail. Basically, you promise not to run before your trial. Owing to the issues with the boat that we spoke about earlier, it was now impounded and Joseph couldn't afford to get it taken out. He claimed it was a big conspiracy from the mayor of Tampa Bay in order to get him to leave the city. God had my back. He told me to come here. But now I lost the boat. I can't get it back. It's priced out of my price range. They want 6,000 at least. Once he was out of jail, Dan would continue working with Check the Star, reportedly living with him and appearing in some of the guy's videos. There was even a point where Check the Star had taken him to get a prosthetic leg, but Dan never fully went through with it. And it wouldn't take long before these two started beefing. In late October, there was some sort of falling out between Check the Star and Dan. Reportedly, Joseph felt as if Check the Star was using him for clout and accused the influencer of trying to kidnap him. Check the Star would make a series of TikTok videos in an attempt to expose Dan for being a two-face and a liar. All right, guys, there's a lot of stuff going on right now. Um I just want to say like I wish nothing but the best for Lieutenant Dan. I only showed up to help him secure his social media stuff, make sure that he was monetized on all platforms. I didn't mean no hate. I didn't mean no hate to Tampa Terrance and none of this stuff. It's just bad that I invested so much time and energy, used my face card to help somebody that was so ungrateful. And you treated me like nothing and said I was trying to kid- kidnap you? Are you serious? You're a whole grown man with a scooter and keys. You could have left whenever you wanted to. With all of his content creator relationships burned, Dan, now boatless, was on his own. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Aiden Ross. You know who it is. It's the biggest man. King of the sea. I want my boat back. Told me on that foul [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How them crackers came around and impounded it. I had that all on the boat. Nothing ain't allowed in this. With nowhere to stay and the city of Tampa seemingly having enough of him, Dan would relocate to Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He would somehow get a hold of another boat there and does still post a TikTok, but to say interest in his activities have waned would be an understatement. Dan's behavior after becoming famous for his hurricane stunt scorned most of the people who initially fell in love with him. And it seems he's now experiencing something of a post-fame downward spiral, with him being arrested on an outstanding warrant as recently as September of 2025. Hey guys, I'm being picked up by by Broward County Sheriff's um on an outstanding warrant from Hillsborough. If anybody can post my bond or contact a bondsman, I would appreciate it. I tried to get a hold of my lawyer, John, um who was handling the case in Hillsborough, and I never heard from him again, so I thought it was dismissed and handled because that was for the the stupid ticket for uh parking on the dock with my boat when they impounded my ship my sailboat. So, if somebody could please look into this and and help me out, I really appreciate it. Again, I'll be in Broward County jail in Florida. Joseph Malinowski, M as in Mary, A L I N O W S K I. 55 years old, 72570. Thank you, guys. The fact that this guy went from an essential nobody to one of the most popular social media oddballs of 2024, and then back to a nobody again, is a story that we do see play out quite a bit online. Yes, he currently sits at over 600,000 followers on TikTok, but his view count suggests that Lieutenant Dan has all but faded from the public eye. Though, I might be speaking a little too soon because it is currently hurricane season, so who knows what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] might happen. Lieutenant Dan's case is a sad story in many ways. If you look past his previous legal issues, he was just a guy minding his own business who ended up being catapulted into the spotlight because of his zany personality and courageous fight to survive. He became an overnight sensation, earning the attention of some big names in the online world, which came with lucrative opportunities. But as we've seen with so many similar stories in the past, it's usually easy come, easy go. He's pretty much back where he was before all of this happened, not emotionally equipped to manage all that came with social media infamy. It is totally possible that Lieutenant Dan could make a resurgence. Though given the volatility associated with this man's life, the question is, how long can he maintain any resurgence? And well, you made it to the end of the video. Let me know what you guys thought about this one down below in the comment section, and let me know who or what you want me to talk about next. I want to give a major shout out to my patrons. I appreciate you guys. Wavy Web Surf out. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wavywebsurf [101 likes]: Go to https://surfshark.com/wavywebsurf or use code WAVYWEBSURF at checkout to get 4 extra months of Surfshark VPN!
  2. @distantraveller9876 [1 likes]: This whole story was such a waste of my time holy cow.
  3. @Run_Way-yay: in the end we learn... hurricanes don't have anything! Imagine your job is to destroy everything and some guy in a boat is just like "nah my boat wins". Dan will survive EVERYTHING his boat will live on until the world is gone.
  4. @R32Sux: Anybody watching, you should not do stuff like this. Imagine if it had gone a little different and he had actually put a call into 911. Now those people are forced to come and risk their lives to try to save his dumb ass.
  5. @clairebarnes9873: Checkstar or whatever his name is always shows up when someone has internet fame.
  6. @SundayVenom: They did him dirty
  7. @blaque1toofunny: They screwed that man over i the worse way sometimes you gotta leave people tf alone
  8. @JimmyBeamerBear: icceeee creeeaaam
  9. @GoldieTakesOver: I was in camp "dude is a crisis actor" ngl

You can be homeless and read a script...
  10. @RossSweeney-x5j: Rode out 2 hurricanes, so let's elaborate... He rode out 2 hurricanes. Why do content creators fluff their stories with constant repetition? 'dont recommend this channel'
  11. @amp1776: Another sad tale that I was saved once again by that wavy outro music. Lol
  12. @MontanaVigilanteExplorer: "So you can record and share your voyages. Riiight. I bet Dan couldn't sail a paper boat. Equivalent of buying an RV but having no clue how to drive. All good, to each his own but he's no Magellan.
  13. @pizzlerot2730: A little advice:

With these types of people, it's fine to lend them a helping hand, hell it's even righteous to do so. 

But don't get too involved - 9 times out of 10, they're at the bottom from their own doing, and they'll drag you down with them given half the chance.
  14. @ashleigh98munkee: THE DISSTRACK??!?! 😂
  15. @bbass98: Aden Ross wouldn’t have backed out on the deal regardless. Due to the fact that’s he’s a known huge piece of shit.
  16. @twocentsnetwork3888: I feel dirty watching this. People "influencers" are like vampires. Or like flies swarming to get fame and views.
  17. @waterman9000-t7d: calling him a sailor is ridiculous. dudes a crackhead on a trash boat with no sails even on it......
  18. @pitbullmom2005: My state, NC, is still trying to recover from Hurricane Helene. That storm destroyed our western mountains & the beautiful small mountain towns that make up our mountains. 
RIP to all the lives lost in Hurricane Helene & all disasters that humans go thru.
  19. @shakeswigglez: This is why you have to be careful who you help. I helped out a lady who was homeless who came to my work all the time and after we caught her stealing on camera and cut her off she tried to get me fired by creating fake texts making me look like I knew what she was doing and actually helping her. I was lucky that I was able to get my sms records from my carrier and proof that I hadn’t even texted this woman but she created such a horrible situation for a while, she even tried telling people I am friends with I was talking crap about them but this friends have known me for years so they didn’t believe her lies. I won’t let this stop me from helping people but I will definitely be a lot more careful.
  20. @brianregal9899: It might have been better to spend that money on a new set of teeth.

- The Dark Life After 15 Minutes of Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Whether they wanted to be famous or it happened by accident, these viral stars went from regular people to having millions of followers overnight. However, the quicker the rise, the sharper the fall. And today we are going to discuss how these people used their 15 minutes of fame and how nearly all of them ended in disaster. Starting with the backpack kid, who is a perfect example of making all of the wrong decisions during a brief stint in popularity. Before Tik Tok became the go-to app to share mediocre dance moves to a global audience, 16-year-old Russell Horning was bored, uploading dance videos to Instagram with zero expectations. Initially, his signature dance style was funny. His core was stiff. His lanky arms just kind of flailed around while he stared emotionless into the camera. Additionally, he often wore goofy outfits and chose to dance to silly songs. [Music] Russell was extremely recognizable after watching just one video, which led to him gaining a small following on IG. But his entire life changed when Rihanna posted one of his videos to her 54 million followers. She tagged Russell in a post celebrating her Grammy nominations, and he gained over 40,000 followers in one day. To capitalize on the momentum, Russell pumped out as many dance videos as he could, skyrocketing him up to over 500,000 followers. There was one particular dance called the floss that seemed to get him the most views, with many people falsely crediting him as the inventor of the move. However, his videos were not getting shared because he was an excellent dancer, but rather because he was a meme. Whenever he did collaborate with other dancers, he was often seen as the weakest one. Despite this, opportunities were being thrown his way because of his follower count. Like when Katy Perry personally requested that he dance for her Saturday Night Live performance in May of 2017. Russell absolutely stole the show, flossing aggressively while staring dead pan into the souls of millions of live viewers. He also strategically chose to wear a backpack, rebranding himself as the backpack kid. The SNL appearance gained him millions of followers, and the floss became a global dance craze. The Backpack Kid was an internet sensation, but he made a few key mistakes that ultimately led to his downfall. Firstly, Russell took every interview and press opportunity he could get. Viral stars will get thousands of dollars thrown at them just to do collaborations with media outlets, podcasters, or live entertainment companies. So, what you just getting paid to go show up at parties and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that? Yeah, clubs and parties and festivals and performances and stuff. So, you just pop out on stage, you do the dance, everybody goes crazy. Yeah, that's pretty much how it goes. Yeah, that's tight. How much uh can you get to go to a club if you don't mind letting us know? Um, manager shakes his head no. Manager shakes his head no. Is it is it an amount that you're pretty impressed by? Like, are you are you surprised that you're able to get that much money just to go somewhere? Compared to most 17year-olds, the money that I make from just one appearance, it could take a 17-year-old forever to make that much money. It's hard to blame someone for making easy money. Then again, the overexposure bothers people because they perceive Russell as a one-trick pony who doesn't deserve thousands of dollars or recognition from these big platforms. Remember before the internet when you actually had to do something to get famous, but then reasonable criticism turned into straightup hatred. He looks like one of those inflatable aliens you win at an amusement park. This kid manchild thing scares me. Since he became famous for literally one thing, he had to branch out and try to find other ways to entertain his audience. So, he decided to pursue music, releasing one of the worst songs of all time, Flossen. Although Russell claimed that he was passionate about music, his songs felt like someone who was barely trying or maybe even just joking rather than a serious artistic endeavor. Virality made Russell feel pressured to just keep doing what is paying the bills. So, he resorted back to his one dance move, which ultimately led to a situation where he tried to perform on a stage that he was not wanted on. [Applause] Whether it be main character syndrome or just a simple misunderstanding, his dance move lost all of its appeal. and doing it made him seem like he was desperately hanging on to his viral moment, which was made 10 times worse when he filed a lawsuit against Fortnite for putting the dance in their game. It was really my mom and my management that did the lawsuit. I'm kind of just a kid having fun in life. I'm just letting the adults do all the busy work. I don't really know the law like that, so I can't really say if they're like taking advantage of me or anything like that, but like from a mom standpoint, like a manager standpoint, they think that they're taking advantage of me. A couple days after the lawsuit was filed, videos dating as far back as 2011 were resurfaced showing people who were doing the dance long before the backpack kid. Simply put, he did not own the dance, and many viewed it as one final attempt to cash in on his fading relevance. Unsurprisingly, Russell and his team voluntarily dismissed their lawsuit shortly after. The Backpack Kids 15 minutes of fame were officially over. And despite being hated by the masses and falling off to the point where he receives less than 1,000 views per video, these days, Russell actually seems happier than when he was at his peak. He is pursuing music more seriously and remains dedicated to pushing out a positive message to the world. But as I got older, I started having a more mature mindset on money. I realized that it's important to choose good decisions on how to spend your money. I was just invited to do an anti- vaping commercial for the American Lung Association. And of course, my first thoughts were, "Oh, yeah." Cuz I don't vape. I don't smoke. I definitely don't encourage it. Then again, he openly accepted the opportunity to be on Kaisenat's stream where he was absolutely embarrassed by Duski. Get the out of your stupid ass. Sure, this was just a skit, but Russell was the butt of the joke. Once again, becoming a viral star at age 16 is definitely difficult to manage. Maybe he was just young and misguided. However, the same justification cannot be made for Salt Bay, who is a grown man that should have known better than to be acting like a fool. In 2017, a video of Turkish chef Nuser Goceier went viral of him dramatically slicing steak. then sprinkling salt from his fingertips down his forearm and onto the meat. What made this so ridiculous was his dedication to making salt sprinkling look like some sort of fancy artistic technique. Combine that with his handsome Johnny Depp resemblance and the internet gave him the nickname salt bay. Salt Bay didn't just embrace the meme, he became it. He continued posting obnoxious videos of him caressing raw meat, dancing with raw meat, and of course his signature salting. He was shouted out by celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio, Drake, and even cooked for the king of Jordan. The internet fame didn't just gain him followers. It launched his career as a global restaurant owner. He launched and expanded his Nusret steakhouse empire to over 20 locations worldwide, racking up tens of millions of dollars in revenue. However, with more exposure comes more criticism. Many began to wonder if he was actually this mystical, passionate culinary artist or just another guy trying to cash in on some fame. One major critique was the outrageous prices at his restaurants that had patrons feeling more scammed than served. Take the Salt Bay Golden Experience, for example, where Salt Bay will personally serve you your food with a show. A single Tomahawk steak cost nearly $1,000 and a burger will set you back almost $200. Now, the prices are so high because the food is covered in edible gold, which sounds fancy until you find out that the gold is worth a measly $10. Then again, rich people blowing insane amounts of money on dumb things isn't exactly shocking. If anything, it fits his brand perfectly. This is the guy who made something as simple as sprinkling salt look like Michelangelo chiseling the final details onto David. However, the real reason people turned on Salt Bay was much more embarrassing than a $200 burger. At the 2022 World Cup, after Argentina defeated France, Salt Bay somehow ended up on the pitch celebrating the victory with the team. How did he even get there? Cameras caught him pulling on Messi's arm, practically forcing him into a handshake. Messi, the greatest football player of all time, clearly was just wanting to move forward, but Salt Bay would not let go. Messi finally gave in and shook his hand just to get it over with, but Salt Bay held on tight and pulled him into a photo. You can see it all over Messi's face that he had no idea who this guy was or why he was even there. It was clear Salt Bay was trying to steal this big moment for himself. But it gets worse. He grabbed the World Cup trophy like he won the damn thing and even did his signature salt sprinkling move over it. As if that wasn't cringy enough, he was posing for pictures with players with their medal in his mouth. These players dreamed and worked their whole lives for this once-in-a-lifetime moment, only for some clout chaser to steal some publicity to promote his overpriced stakes. He responded to the backlash with an apology, claiming he didn't step on the pitch for advertising reasons, but the damage was already done, and Saltbay's 15 minutes of fame were over. Salt Bay has shut down multiple restaurants after the hype has died down. Many of his remaining locations are drowning in poor reviews and his London restaurant is down €4.3 million as customers have realized his food is way overpriced. Salt Bay has resorted to selling his high-end food online now. In May of last year, people started to notice that his steakhouse was listed on Deliveroo and Uber Eats, selling his Salt Bay Tomahawk for $500 and a strip loin for almost $900, proving he really hasn't learned from his critics. Then again, there are plenty of rich people out there willing to waste money on overpriced food just because they can. And his virality and social media following alone will easily keep him in business for the rest of his life. But if you think Salt Bay was making a fool of himself, it doesn't even remotely compare to the Island Boys, whose fall-off is much more disgusting than you could ever imagine. The Island Boys are a duo made up of twin brothers Alex Fly Soldier and Frankie Kodiak Red. two aspiring Florida men covered in face tattoos who blew up overnight in 2021 after they posted a Tik Tok video of them freestyling in a hot tub. Oh, I'm a island boy. Hey, I'm just boy. I'm just boy. People couldn't decide if the tune was the worst thing they'd ever heard or lowkey kind of a banger. I'm a island boy. What is happening? I don't know and ain't trying to understand it. Plus, hip hop has a history for blowing up artists who ride the paper thin line between trash and fire. Rapper Kodak Black even offered them a record deal after their viral video, which is insane because this wasn't even a real song yet, just two goofballs mumbling in a hot tub. They turned down the deal, claiming that they wanted to stay independent, but this was a huge mistake. They believe they could make it on their own talent, but if we're being honest, most of their fame came from people clowning them. I played this song at my sister's funeral. She got out of the casket to shut it off. Thank you, island boys. This is the 0.01% of germs that Bleach can't kill. When they decided to finally cut the record over a beat and released it with a music video, it was somehow worse. This the type of hidden talent that should absolutely remain hidden. Like many other viral stars, they were paid to do appearances at clubs, which became a prime example of when social media meets reality. At Miami's Club Live, the audience began booing the Island Boys on stage. Once music fans realized the Island Boys had no capability of making a somewhat decent song, there was really no reason to pay attention to them and their 15 minutes of fame was about to be up. The boys needed a new way to profit from their fame. So, they began selling personalized videos to fans on Cameo, which apparently was very lucrative. According to their previous manager, they owe me about like $150,000 from what? Your percentage of the Cameo money? Yeah. Is that the only money they're bringing in? Um, mostly, maybe a little bit on TikTok, but I mean, it's pretty much run dry at this point, right? How many cameos are they doing? When I when I was with them, it they was coming in hot. They were viral. It was going like 2 three hours a night straight cameos. But with them spending all of their money on designer clothes, jewelry, cars, and mansions, they needed to keep going viral to maintain this lifestyle, which almost always resulted in them making absolute fools of themselves on the internet. Yeah, she likes the way you looks. She thinks she looks good. Uhhuh. They also might have needed some money to hire security because the gangster persona was not convincing enough. I'm a real gangster. In what could only be called an unhinged move and in hindsight the final nail in their career's coffin, the Island Boys launched a fansley, which is basically just an OAF. And it wasn't just embarrassing, it was downright sickening. In 2023, the Island Boys posted a video of them kissing each other in a publicity stunt to market their NSFW content, instantly going viral for the second time. The video got them a huge amount of backlash, with many calling it outright incest, which it is. The twins insisted it wasn't sexual and was only meant to get a reaction, claiming that they just wanted to see how effed up this world is. And it turns out they were right about this world because after their kissing stunt, it was reported that the Island Boys made almost $400,000 in 3 months just on their NSFW content, temporarily funding their lavish lifestyle. But of course, this resulted in more public humiliation. What's going on with the that's with with you two kissing each other and bro? Shut your ass up and break this. Hey yo, that ass that ass. I would love to see you try that, bro. What are you talking? I would love to see you try that. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro? Oh my god. The desperate attempts to remain in the spotlight combined with a severe lack of talent and expensive lifestyle has led to incredibly lows for the Island Boys. Kodiak Red was arrested for drug possession and an illegal firearm during a traffic stop. During the stop, a plastic bag containing white pills was found on the passenger side floorboard in plain view. The pills were identified as oxycodone. A further search of the vehicle uncovered a brown handbag containing a handgun with its serial numbers removed along with a cut straw with a white powdery substance. These days, they pretty much spend all of their time promoting their NSFW content. And trust me when I say they went much further than just kissing each other. And if we're being honest, this will likely remain a consistent income stream for them, as there are definitely still a ton of people out there that are willing to pay to see this type of degeneracy. But unlike the Island Boys, sometimes we actually find ourselves rooting for a viral star. We hope that they become successful after their 15 minutes are up. Like the case of Mason Ramsay, who became a breakout star when a video went viral of him yodelling in the middle of Walmart in Harrisburg, Illinois. Lord, I don't know what to do. All I do is hold that last. The clip racked up tens of millions of views in just a few days, turning the 11-year-old Mason into a worldwide meme. Not only is Yodelling kind of objectively hilarious, but a child singing a song that was 70 years old was oddly charming. Because of his viral performance, the original song, Hank Williams' Lovesick Blues, skyrocketed all the way to the third spot on Spotify's viral 50 chart. Within weeks, Ramsay was sitting across from Ellen DeGeneres, who got him invited to perform at the legendary Grand Old Opry. From there, he was embraced by thousands of fans while performing at Coachella. Major record labels noticed his potential and eventually Mason would secure a deal with Atlantic Records and Big Loud. The minute Mason and his family walked into Big Loud, I knew we had to work with him. He is a star, but most importantly, he is a downto-earth kid who loves country music. The Ramsies are an amazing family from a small southern Illinois town just like me. We understood them and their goals and simply fell in love with their story and vision, proving that he wasn't just a meme. His debut single, Famous, secured the number four spot on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and peaked at number 62 on the Hot 100. But viral memes naturally have an expiration date, and soon Mason Ramsay's 15 minutes of fame were over. When the pandemic hit, it forced Mason to take a step back. However, he used his time away from the spotlight as best as someone could in his position. While his voice was maturing, he focused on refining his talent, writing music, and finding his own sound beyond the yodelling kid in Walmart that made him famous. Mason released three EPs that gained over 500 million streams combined and secured hundreds of millions of views on his music videos. By 2024, at 17 years old, he decided it was time to take the next step in his career and release a fulllength album titled I'll See You in My Dreams. A song featured on the project called Blue All Over caught a lot of attention through Tik Tok for its classic old country appeal and I can confirm it is a beautiful song. Now in 2025, Mason Ramsay recently announced his first major headlining tour that has 15 stops. Mason's rise to fame started almost exactly the same as everyone else in this video. But instead of trying to chase more fleeting viral moments or make some quick cash, he honed in on his craft, worked hard, and simply gave the people exactly what they wanted. genuine talent and entertainment. This was one of the few times social media made the right person famous, the only viral kid that didn't switch up after the fame. So, while Mason worked hard and focused on genuine entertainment, Bobby Alto seems to ignore both of those things. As many people are genuinely confused how someone who has done so little has achieved so much success. Bobby Alto started as a mommy Tik Tocker after the pandemic, posting about her pregnancy, marriage, and family dynamics. After posting thousands of videos over a couple of years, she had built up a respectable 3 million followers. However, Tik Tok wasn't paying the bills and her marriage wasn't doing too well. So, the wholesome family content was about to come to a screeching halt. She said, "I saw this video of a girl talking about how much she made from her podcast. And I think I mentally decided that she made at least $300,000 a year on her podcast alone, and I was like, that's what I need to do next. I need a podcast." Her large following helped her land her first celebrity guest, Rick Glassman, who is a comedian and actor. And in the first podcast, fans got to see Bobby in a totally new light. She was seemingly a socially awkward valley girl giving off the vibe that she didn't even want to host her own podcast. The way your eyes are looking, it seems like you're not listening. I'm listening. Do you care? No, I do care. It's just really bad when you sing. I'm not a singer. I'm just trying to Yeah. get the story across to you. Thank you. I I hear it. I got it. In her second podcast, she hosted comedian Funny Marco, who had great comedic chemistry with Bobby. Funny Marco's comedy style often makes others feel uncomfortable and awkward. So, the two were essentially battling it out in an interesting back and forth. So, like, who are you? Like, where' you Who am I? Yeah. Is that a serious question? I have more followers than you on TikTok. Marco's humor combined with Bobby's dryness and innocent personality makes this so hilarious. Highly entertaining. The episode quickly earned nearly a million views and clips of it made the rounds on social media. The mini virality caught the attention of Drake who followed Bobby on Instagram. I DM' Drake and asked if he wanted to be on my podcast and he said yes. He sent me his touring schedule and I knew that I needed to make it happen fast. So, my friend and I flew to Memphis 2 days after the original DM was sent to record the episode. Her podcast with Drake earned 1 million views in the first 24 hours and introduced her to a massive mainstream audience. Drake rarely does interviews, so this one alongside some random girl while laying in his bed made people extremely curious. Am I your type? Um, I'd do it. Thank you. I'm just saying like, you know, I flew all the way here. You did? I really do appreciate on my daughter's first birthday. I wasn't going to bring that up. Mhm. You missed your daughter's first birthday for to be here. Dark regret that you'll never be able to undo. Yeah. Horrible parenting. Where's your son? Somewhere safe. And it's not his birthday. When's his birthday? What does it matter? It ain't today. Honey, don't call me honey. Clips of their awkward interactions flooded Tik Tok. And overnight, Bobby Alto became a household name on social media. After the Drake episode, securing high-profile guests became easy. She had on Lil Yachty, Taiga, and even Mark Cuban. Her style of bored, sarcastic humor became her signature, and people seemed to love it. But just 3 weeks after the Drake interview was posted, which now had over 10 million views, it was mysteriously deleted from her page, and he unfollowed her on Instagram, sparking a ton of speculation. While fans were trying to figure out what happened, people were reminded that Bobby skipped her daughter's first birthday to interview Drake, which didn't seem to sit right with people, especially because Bobby used to be a mom focused Tik Tocker. When Drake calls you a horrible parent, you know you effed up. Rumors also spread that Bobby slept with Drake and divorced her husband just to do the interview, which she vehemently denied. But it is true that she divorced her husband, but the reason her and Drake's relationship soured was never revealed. So many people came to the conclusion that she was nothing more than an industry plant. Basically meaning that she didn't organically earn her virality, but rather she was handpicked by people behind the scenes and artificially pushed into the spotlight using Drake's fame as the catalyst. The main piece of evidence for this theory was that she signed to the WME talent agency, one of the biggest talent agencies in the United States, representing a ton of Hollywood figures, including Drake. Well, you got a great agent and you got a great agency and you got great guests. Regardless if the rumors were true or not, it gave even more of a reason to dislike Bobby. And her comedic style got old very quickly. Listening to her uninterested voice is like nails on a chalkboard. And while most of her interviews, she is the one driving the conversation. There were frequent moments where celebrities got tired of her shtick mid conversation and turn the tables on her. Damn, I'm trying to get you to play. You lost in the sauce. You ain't shaking my hand. We f to get you to to 25 million. You know what I'm saying? Just a little sprinkle. Have a great day off that. Just a little seasoning. All right, you can you can leave now. This is my hotel. I paid for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You can leave now. All of her podcasts feel like small talk while waiting for something to actually happen. It's just simply boring. Ironically, her revealing that she was just playing a character actually became worse for her because the little mystique she did have was now completely gone. In an interview on the Women on Top podcast, she explained why she embodies a satirical alter ego on social media, saying, "Being myself doesn't get views. I had to go where the money was." And her playing the character of someone who is bored and uninterested is just not a sustainable style for long-term success. Awkward and cringe humor can work, but in short clips, not hour-long podcasts. In response to the backlash, she tried to just be more herself, not trying to be so awkward and even remove the dead air moments from the pod. But all that did was reveal that she is just a subpar podcast host who is only doing it for the money. Although her 15 minutes of fame are over, she will likely remain a lingering socialite as long as she is signed to a talent agency that can get her celebrity guests. And on Tik Tok is where you will still see her fan base praise her for putting in the least amount of effort possible. This story feels all too similar to the Hawkua girl with the main difference being that Bobby didn't outright scam the few people that actually supported her. Walking around drunk in Nashville at 2 a.m. Haley Welsh and her friend Chelsea approached a couple of guys and asked them what they were filming. YouTubers Tim and D told them that they do on the street interviews where they typically ask about relationships, male and female gender roles, as well as provocative and sometimes runchy topics. Chelsea asked D to make it a spicy one, implying that he should ask a question that might be a little edgy. Come on, you got to get a spicy one. You want a spicy one? Yeah. So, he did just that. Only Megan's friend Haley would jump in and give an answer that would drastically change her life. You know how to answer this. You got it. What's one move in bed that makes a man go crazy every time? You got to give him that hawk to spit on that night. You get me? After having a silly interview, Chelsea and Haley confirmed that they wanted their video to be posted to social media. You like I was earlier. That's it. Yeah. Okay. Jim and DTV. All right. You said we better. You said we better post that. Yes. Okay. Post it through. All right. She said we better post it. So don't come back trying to tell me, "Hey, take it down. I'm I'mma sue you." This, that, the third. Tim and D posted the video to their Instagram account, which had tens of thousands of followers. And the clip immediately went viral, securing 1 million views on the first day and over 5 million views on the second day. The post spread like wildfire, being shared across countless meme pages and pop culture news reporters. The comments read, "She's a national treasure. Keep this woman safe. I'm moving down south. I'm tired of these northeast women. If she don't hawk tua, I don't want to talk to her." On the surface, Haley appeared to be the stereotypical southern bell. Sweet and charming, complimented by a thick accent. So, her describing her runchy bedroom tactics was a stark contrast. Within days, merch was being sold to capitalize on the viral traffic. But it wasn't until her first interview that we would find out more about the girl behind Hawk Tua. What do you do now? Because now you have management, now you have a team. What are your plans moving forward? Like, do you want to still be the Hucka girl or do you want to like I don't really want that to be like my image. Yeah. Like h to girl. I just I don't see that being like my thing. Yeah. I don't want to be known as that. You made a drunk joke and the next day you have whole management behind you. This world is crazy. Haley took the typical path of a viral star. She hired management and they immediately got her as much press as possible, jumping on various podcasts to talk about her rise to fame. She got paid to show up at events and hung out backstage with celebrities. She was being amplified to unimaginable levels with Rolling Stone calling her a charming Gen Z Doll Dolly Parton who's rightfully becoming America's sweetheart. Keep in mind that Dolly Parton is a generational talent who sold 100 million records in her career. Rolling Stone of all publications making that comparison just shows how they will say anything for clicks. And while many people thought that Haley would start an OAF to cash in, she decided she wanted to use her fame for good. Everybody in the comments is saying how I have 15 minutes of fame. And if that's the case, then I'm going to spend it doing something good. Today, we're taking all of this down to the local animal shelter and donate. People were convinced they made the right person famous, but most viral stars struggled to earn a consistent income from their newfound fame. So, in order to secure a sustainable revenue source, she launched the Talk to a podcast. And immediately the jokes came flooding in. Talk to like an emphasis on it like Once the whole I'm just a normal girl whose life changed overnight story ran its course. She tried to keep viewers engaged by dropping hints that she had a secret lover that she called Pooky, but it just wasn't interesting enough to get people to watch. Can we go back to what you said you're dating somebody? Do people know this? Uh, well, I wouldn't say dating just yet. Is this pooky? It's pooky. Shut the heck up. That's my man. No, it is. That is my man officially. What if Matt Refe came in and asked you to date him? Would he be your ex-Man? Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're putting me on the spot here. I'm sorry. I love you, Matt, but I'm about to kick your ass to the curb. Her comment section was flooded with people sarcastically saying that the podcast was groundbreaking and changed their life. I'm convinced that the only reason why this podcast had decent viewership is because of the massive amount of jokes dedicated to making fun of watching the Talk to a Podcast. But perhaps people were being a bit harsh on Haley. Sure, she may have been milking her 15 minutes of fame, but can you blame her? If people wanted to watch hours of her podcast and get to know her, then so be it. It's not like she was harming anyone, right? Wrong. Because Haley would make a decision that would officially destroy her career. On December 4th, 2024, in collaboration with the web 3 platform, Over here limited, Haley launched her own memecoin called Hawk. The coin was marketed as a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. Within 15 minutes of its launch, it hit a $490 million market cap, but then it crashed. It was revealed that 97% of the total supply was initially controlled by just 10 people, leaving only 3% for public buyers. A total of 285 investors took part in the pre-sale, but once trading opened, 30% of them immediately dumped their entire holdings, while another 23% offloaded a portion. This sell-off tanked the token's value by over 90% while the sellers walked away with an estimated $3 million. After this, Haley posted a statement on Twitter insisting that the team never sold the tokens. Many accused her of rug pulling, which is basically a coordinated sell-off from a small group of investors to make profits while the public loses their entire investment. In short, this was not a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. This was a way to make a quick buck off of her uneducated fans. YouTuber Coffeezilla investigated and exposed the coin as a scam. Who makes the money on the fees? Someone just made over a million dollars on fees. Who made it? First of all, the fees were there with Meteora pools. And that goes to Yes. the creator, right? Which is who who is the project? Well, the project is over here, Haley Welch, right? And and how much does Haley Welch own? This is Haley Welch's project. says she owns all did she just make a million dollars on fees on who made the money? How much did Haley Welsh make of that million? 1.8 million. It's who it's a foundation income. I hate to interrupt you, Nick, but hello there. But anyh who, I'm going to go to bed and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Multiple lawsuits were filed against the entities behind Hawk, including Over here Limited and the Two of the Moon Foundation. These lawsuits alleged unlawful promotion and sale of unregistered securities. Welsh received an upfront payment of $125,000 to promote the coin to her community along with 50% of the net trading proceeds after the operating costs paid to the third parties. And she owned 10% of the entire hawk supply, although she could not sell them for a year. Now, it is possible that Haley did not know what she was getting into. But ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law. Her 15 minutes of fame are most definitely over, but since her memecoin, she has disappeared from social media. So, we'll have to see what she does next. In a world filled with amazing talent, interesting, and intelligent people who work hard for the attention of those that can make their dreams a reality, it seems like the wrong people are constantly achieving overnight success. And that's never going to change. So, eventually, there will be a part two of this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @originalMA [1 likes]: Backpack kid is just a sweet kid tried to do his best!!
  2. @JilianneWarner: I'm a completionist so I ordered both 🙃 Not really a fan of orange so I'll probably just play the glacier since they have the same biomes
  3. @Brandon-dy8us: "The dark life after 15 mins of fame" 
"Backpack kid seems happier now!" You contradicted your own clickbait title right away lmao.
  4. @p4kito92: Idiocracy
  5. @Bigmikeshow: These podcast out there are so bad. Who listens to this crap 🤣
  6. @Bigmikeshow: Salt bae definitely takes cake for most embarrassing 🤡. The best comment was the guy on “Hawk-tua” viral video- if she don’t hawk tua, I don’t want to talk to her🤣🤣
  7. @bigmofarah9084: Two surprising things:

Salt Bae has 'good looks'. Absolutely not.

And those incest brothers taking time out from making out to get lairy with people
  8. @vitaliykulinskiy8547: „This is Amerika“
  9. @PRSASQUATCH: I hate these people but i hate the people that made them " Famous " even more
  10. @AnneliesWolput: World-wide-meme😂
  11. @bananaoverlord21: Genuinely downloaded masons song “before I knew it” it’s catchy
  12. @macoson: where is Lech Roch Pawlak?
  13. @chillnagasden6190: Also, "drake" and "some random girl".
I mean that's correct.
But Drake is "some random" as well.
He's responsible for other insufferable randoms like Ninja accidentally getting forced to fame.
Sick of it.
  14. @TheOneCleanHippy: If you're participating in a cryptocurrency buy-in for a short-lived viral media star, I can't say I have much sympathy for you losing your money. Because that is dumb as fuck.
  15. @Noname-ni8qm: 😂 peoplle are brainless to think this is stars
  16. @RobMyself: Salt Bae is the king of cringe, the biggest scam and a freaking ripoff. On top of it, he's a horrible person.
  17. @zjellymold934: I was actually terrified when you listed Mason Ramsey on here but I'm so relieved and happy for him!
  18. @daprinceomar: 9:50 to be fair its normal steakhouse prices. no1 is forcuing people to get the gold-foiled 10x-priced crap.
  19. @ThatZombieGuy81: Is tens of thousands easier to say than 80 thousand? Or does it sound cooler
  20. @ThatZombieGuy81: That island boy crap physically makes me want to rage quit. I broke up with a girl that said it constantly.  Best decision of my life

- What's Behind the DARK Side of Social Media Fame?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The world of social media fame can be a really alluring one. Who wouldn't want to have thousands of adoring fans hanging on their every post or be able to make a living simply by sharing their interests and passions with the world? But beneath the surface of perfectly curated feeds and selfies, there's often a much darker reality. Imagine building your entire identity on a platform you don't own. For an audience that doesn't know you, chasing a validation metric that is designed to be just out of reach. You are performing constantly for a phantom crowd. This is the modern gold rush. But what is the true cost of this digital fortune? The first currency you spend is not your time, but something far more intimate. The true cost is your authentic self commodified. You begin to perform not for joy, but for the algorithm's approval, a system designed to exploit our deepest neurological cravings for social validation and variable rewards. Every like triggers a dopamine hit, conditioning you like a lab rat. But as Carl Jung warned, people will do anything, no matter how absurd, to avoid facing their own souls. The curated persona, the influencer, becomes a mask that fuses to the skin. You are caught in what Sartra called bad faith, replacing your complex, messy humanity with a two-dimensional grand. This internal fracture creates a haunting dissonance. But the most insidious damage is yet to come. This dissonance silently metastasizes, warping your perception of reality. The constant performance for an invisible jury fuels intense isolation. A paradox Jeang Paul Sartra termed hell is other people. You are never alone yet never truly connected. Your self-worth becomes outsourced, tethered to metrics you cannot control, leading to what Victor Frankle identified as the existential vacuum, a profound emptiness when life lacks meaning. The algorithm, a modern sisphus, forever dangles the next viral hit just beyond reach, ensuring you push the boulder uphill indefinitely. This cycle isn't accidental. It's by design. But what if the very pursuit of visibility is blinding you to the only escape route? The rebellion begins with a radical act of invisibility, withdrawing the performance. It requires the Nietian will to power not over others but over your own attention. You must dethrone the algorithm as the arbiter of your value and reclaim your inner narrative. This is the stoic practice of differentiating between what is within your control, your intentions, your craft and what is not. Virality, public opinion. It is choosing depth over breath. crafting for an audience of one, your truest self. This isn't quitting. It's a strategic retreat to higher ground. But this journey inward reveals the most profound, unsettling truth of all. The ultimate truth is that the platform is merely a mirror. The darkness you perceived wasn't in the code, but in the unexamined void within yourself that you asked it to fill. Social media fame is the modern siren's call, promising significance but shipwrecking you on the shores of your own insecurity. The final most powerful realization is that you are never meant to be a brand. You are meant to be a soul. Authentic connection and legacy were never found in the spotlight's glare, but in the quiet unrecorded moments of genuine creation. The screen reflects a phantom. Your life is the reality. So, what are your thoughts? Have you encountered situations where woke culture seemed more about appearance than action? Share your experiences in the comments below. If you're interested in exploring more topics like this, check out my other video on the impact of social media on our perceptions of reality.

  Top Comments:
  1. @exportintlexp6873: #TXTM

- How Joji Reveals The Dark Side of Fame: Kind: captions Language: en last year a poll conducted by harrison lego revealed that the number one dream job of kids in china 8-12 was astronaut in the us and uk it was youtuber there was nothing wrong with wanting to be a youtuber but i think that survey unmasks an increasing obsession with fame in western countries critics often warn of the impending narcissism the youth will display we all have our preconceived notions of fame some negative some positive but one interesting notion was from joji or as the internet knows him rather won't let it go filthy frank his music videos from 2020 may reveal a hidden message about fame and the celebrity [Music] welcome to psych irl my name is donna now joji's music videos in 2020 have been really interesting and something i noticed is that no one really speculates on the meaning behind them with the exception of his subreddit no one's talking about the visual aspect of his music videos so today we're going to be analyzing that we're not going to be focused so much on the lyrical part as the visual part because if you look closely you'll see that joji's music videos in 2020 tell a very tragic story about the reality of fame and the celebrity as of recording this video joji has released three music videos in run give me love and daylight he's also released two music video like shorts labeled not songs not sure why they're labeled that way all these videos seem to be connected to each other but their story isn't told chronologically because of that i'm not going to analyze these videos in order they were released instead i will be analyzing them in the order i think this story of fame is supposed to unfold one of the first indicators of status is appearance and when an individual gains fame they may change their appearance to indicate a higher status they may purchase more clothing buy a bigger home nice cars and many get some sort of cosmetic procedure in the music video pretty boy we're introduced to a strange looking character it is a great setup for the world the viewer is about to be introduced to hollywood and the fame machine the video starts as the camera zooms into a man who looks overly tan and has had too many cosmetic surgeries to me the video is commentary on the narcissism and fakeness of hollywood and the celebrity although strange looking this is the norm in this universe you find this out as another man who seems to have had similar procedures done to him appear on screen they do things like have coffee and take joyrides on a scenic route very california-like throughout the video they are constantly looking at themselves in a mirror it reminds me of celebrities in the 80s to early 2000s who got plastic surgery that didn't look good perhaps in that hollywood circle it was the norm what happened to simon cowell's face these men are clearly aging yet they go above and beyond to hold on to their youthful looks feasibly the element that made them famous in the first place these days cosmetic surgery has improved so much you're unable to tell if someone has had it average individuals wonder how celebrities look so good and the answer is money whether the celebrity hires a personal chef for trainer to improve their appearance naturally or they get some sort of cosmetic surgery you have the greatest hair is that a natural is it thank you man i do yeah yeah oh yeah it looks good um yeah that's that's that's that's what i got money gives you an advantage to improve your appearance because of that appearance is tied to status since the average person isn't able to afford such expensive lifestyles or procedures temporary solutions have exploded in popularity to cater to the average person's needs apps like facetune allows one to change their appearance inexpensively and social media has normalized this ah facetune the poor man's plastic surgery see the game plan is you change how you look on instagram get really popular start getting bread and then you get plastic surgery for real you know what let's try this face tune thing out right now and change my face according to the most stunning faces according to science take the selfie oh god i literally can't see what i look like according to science we need to remove the blemishes and smoothen out this skin then we need a heart-shaped face meaning a wider forehead and a pointed chin next arched eyebrows symmetrical eyes a dainty nose and big lips this is according to science the most stunning face the funny thing is the final photo kind of looks like someone who got plastic which coincidentally is also somewhat normalized on social media take off your mask we're getting lip filler yeah so the point of this video isn't really to say if influencers promoting plastic surgery and facetune is morally right or wrong maybe i'll save that for another video the point is that these types of changes to your appearance signify status just take a look at what jeff bezos and elon musk did after they've gained fame and money joji's pretty boy was an over-exaggeration of this need what happens if it goes too far the idea that fame is a narcissistic self-imaged obsessed endeavor is often at the forefront of why people hate celebrities yet some of those same people still strive to be famous the third video joji has released in 2020 is for the song gimme love and to me it describes this discrepancy perfectly although it is the third music video released in 2020 i believe it is the first chapter in this universe the viewer is greeted with a very fast montage that portrays joji rising the ranks of his career the montage is so fast it may be hard to follow along this mirrors the reality of life when slowed down one clip may not paint to the full music video story like a snapshot of your day or one task may not paint the picture of who you are those clips in succession though of each other and your days do just like this montage life can feel like it's happened this fast in just the five seconds of this video you already get the sense joji's dream is to go to space eventually he gets the job and is even promoted as he moves up you begin to see signs of stress mixed in with times of happiness he starts to win awards he also starts to show abusive behavior towards his co-workers the us government starts to show interest in joji's work and he earns more awards the happiness is still there but it becomes less prevalent joji is more stressed and behaves more abusively despite dangerous work conditions joji is insistent on everyone continuing it looks like he might have killed someone that all happened in one minute and 41 seconds as he steals the rocket he disappoints everyone he works for but he doesn't care the viewers of the rocket on the other hand have no idea this is going on in the background they look like they're still inspired by his endeavor so movies often portray space as lonely mysterious and even dangerous the protagonist that typically leaves earth is doing so for some greater good or something beyond human i think these music videos are doing the same you go above and beyond working on something and you finally excel the public has no idea of the struggle you went through and the top executives you might have pissed off once you're at the top it's lonely see to me this video was an allegory of working so hard to get fame and it's something all of us want all of us want all of us want all of us no your ears didn't deceive you we all want fame maybe not the modern idea of fame but we all want what it originally meant fame is not unique to humans in a study by robert odiner and colleagues researchers found that male rhesus monkeys were willing to forgo fruit juice in order to see images of other high status male monkeys and female perennials so if we let go of the hollywood concept of fame and think of it in a primitive sense we find that fame equates to status in primates behavior is dictated by social hierarchy rhesus monkeys were willing to forgo rewards or fruit juice in exchange for seeing female perennia aka female ass sounds kind of familiar they did so in order to gain information and who they can and can't mate with they did the same with images of high-status male monkeys this may give them information on their potential rivals what was interesting about this study was that the rhesus monkeys required overpayment of fruit juice in order to see lower status monkeys because how they behave isn't affected by lower status monkeys seeing images of them offer no useful information hence them asking the scientists for more fruit juice perhaps the reason for the popularity of gossip magazines drama channels and celebrity obsession are due to this primitive urge in fact i asked you on instagram if you could would you be famous and why and see what happens when you follow me on instagram you two get to be included in the video and who knows anybody's names that might appear here might become famous i would prefer it over not being famous yes yes lizard people yes you only live once power and money are one hell of a drug many of you who said yes did so for reasons that could be accomplished if one were of higher status i would be famous for my art and marrying j-hope from bts of course for sure i would legit for the sole reason that i would meet harry styles maybe i would meet harry styles at an event because maybe then you'll read my response smh lol but to have a platform to influence f money yes because i feel like nobody loves me at the moment if i'm famous loads of people would love me and look up to me so everyone will like me and i'll be rich yes i like external validation i would also use fame to advise people to put a damn mask on yeah if sacrificing privacy meant i wouldn't have to live on a 450 paycheck just for the money i'm sick of being poor i want to provide for my family with that money bring resources to my city there were also many of you who said no and your reasons were for something more modern donna rockwell and colleagues differentiated the definition between fame and celebrity fame is a long-standing phenomenon largely deriving from mass society typically urban in which individuals are glorified for their deeds so alexander the great and the roman empire were famous celebrity is viewed as a modern phenomenon related to mass media brought about newspapers magazines television and the internet the celebrity is a person who is known for his well-known-ness so celebrity obsession may be the result of the commodification of our primitive instincts our need to attain information about high status individuals your instagram answers show that you do want fame but you don't want to be a celebrity i have hella anxiety bro no no seeing too much tmz roman's lives being sexualized over analyzed and put on a pedestal of godly standards now i'm good no every facet of my life would be exploited and my privacy would be gone the money isn't worth it what's the catch do i die alone no thanks no honestly the stress isn't worth it fans can be creepy and there will be someone hating on you no i would be cancelled joji's gimme love portrayed that we all want to be famous and do something beyond human unlike our animal counterpart though the modern day version of fame comes with individuals controlling the way you use your status you can't say anything too offensive don't be political say whatever is optimal to gain the most money to gain us the most money this is shown in the music video ftc in the music video ftc the beach is littered with a few of joji's items from the video gimme love we know this because of the symbols on the items we then see those caricatures of the hollywood celebrity searching for something on the beach this time around their necks they are wearing the same symbol as the organization joji worked for they spot the metal joji won in his place of work the expression on their faces might indicate that this is what they've been looking for towards the end of the video they seem to be searching for joji to me the old men in this video represent the controlling figures due to the commodification of fame joji has escaped earth symbolically doing human reaching fame now that we know humans have an innate desire to learn from individuals of higher status industry leaders represented by these old men will attempt to profit off of it dave chappelle for instance walked away from 50 million dollars not because of the fame but because of the people trying to control him people who have commodified fame at 19 he's the youngest comedian in star search history from washington d.c here is dave chappelle you've worked your whole life for it you wanted it you've you know struggled to get it sacrificed sacrificed rejected many times told that things wouldn't work wouldn't work wouldn't work and then all of a sudden you're the genius and we're going to give you 50 million dollars and that was too much for you to handle no that's the thing that i always read that that makes me mad no it was the fame couldn't stand the fame yeah i love being famous yeah it's phenomenal when i came out here and everybody was like hooray i was like ow back on tv it's the way the people around you position themselves around you to get in your pockets and in your mind yeah yeah yeah that is infuriating to me that leads us to the next event in the music video timeline daylight to me daylight represents the show business this video takes place on a set of a music video it has very striking similarities to music videos by the backstreet boys and in sync we see the same older men featured in pretty boy and ftc as band members and a director but they don't seem to mind joji this could mean a number of things as i mentioned earlier it could be commentary on celebrities past their prime holding on to their youth and glory days no offense to the backstreet boys or anything in fact i did listen to their music when i was like seven or something even though i didn't really know what was going on in their lyrics but when it comes to things that make money hollywood is for sure going to milk that as much as they can joji's video also exposes the hierarchy of the entertainment industry when success is somewhat predicated on connections and who you know it's bound to be abused welcome to abc news live we have breaking news for you harvey weinstein is heading to prison the movie mogul behind some of hollywood's biggest hits guilty of criminal sexual assault right now there's a controversy going on with ellen and her show crew members and interns are accusing her producers of sexual abuse i've heard comments in real life and online saying why did this abuse come forward now frankly it's from people who just don't understand the ecosystem of what goes on in that industry you're a big powerful man why didn't you senator as a black man in america say it as it is i think it's important you only have a few shots at success it seems like such a big circle of people but in reality it is really small and imagine being in that circle and say acting is your long life dream and you wanted to do that and this circle of people can literally just prevent you from doing that what happens is with actors you're in a vulnerable situation you know you're in a vulnerable place you're trying to get a job any men in positions of power who could use that power to abuse it when i was a young actor yeah i was asked to go to a hotel room of a of a director i didn't think anything weird by it because i never think it ever happened to me and so i went um i knew he was in his robe i still didn't think it was weird like probably just came out of the shower or whatever and then he asked me to do the scene and then crawl on my belly around it and it got to a weird place and i just when this stuff started coming out with um harvey weinstein i did remember that uh feeling of disgust i remember that that humiliation and i didn't tell anybody any time something like this happens outsiders are shocked that people in this circle let this abuse go on a lot of this compliance can be explained we've already discussed factors like people's desperation for work there are speculations that other big names are part of this criminal activity so they are incentivized to cover it up as well what about lower level individuals who don't necessarily have a stake in making it in hollywood these assistants the people in his office people that knew this stuff that saw the stuff that set him up that he was meeting the girl in the lobby but then she comes down and says oh harvey needs to meet you up in his room she was part of it or he or whatever the assistants were it was like i mean i would never do that i think i played dumb yeah i was always privy to that no of course not but you also you don't have to what allows abuse to become so prevalent in this hollywood hierarchy is the diffusion of responsibility we've all been angry at a cell phone video where we see an injustice happening and no one is stepping in to help if you're a long time viewer of this channel you'll know this is because of the bystander effect when you are witnessing an injustice in a group setting you're less likely to step in because you assume someone in the group will someone may have already called the police or the group isn't doing anything because they know something you don't the responsibility isn't on you it's diffused among the group we can apply the same mechanism to the hollywood hierarchy the assistant was just doing their job people women girls would be said oh you have a meeting or come to a party they would show up and that party is just him who who got them there who are the assistants you're saying there was a machinery so i'm saying there's a massive machinery this famous actor has heard rumors about it but they didn't really know i was there kind of at that it was the height of his power and that was his legend that was his whole kind of mo like you you know could you survive a meeting with harvey could you stand up for yourself and the people who worked for him were like you know i'm coming here to make good movies miramax was the place really the place that was making great stuff in the 90s this level of criminal sexual predation is not something that i ever thought would what's going on before you shake your head realize you've most likely disengaged with your morals as well because of the diffusion of responsibility i'm sure we've all purchased something from somewhere that exploited their workers this sad and scary reality leads us to joji's last video run he wakes up in a never-ending limo and to me it portrays the aftermath of making it and the result of the celebrity psyche due to the modern commodification of fame i think this is really interesting because limos usually symbolize the upper class wealth and importance in movies and tv outsiders stop and stare wondering who could be the person of importance in this vehicle if the protagonist is lucky he or she gets to ride in the limo for weddings or huge celebrations average people rent one because from one night they want a glimpse of that status unlike most films instead of being outside of the limo these music videos take us inside and show us how dark fame can be from several interviews of american celebrities donna rockwell and colleagues found that fame was experienced through a progression joji's music exemplify that first is a love-hate attitude toward the experience you like being famous right i like it at times but you know i like it when i'm on the stage but honestly i would be very happy if i could cut it off and just enjoy my life when i wasn't performing honestly really yes do you think if you become a big star you enter into a contract really that you can't complain too much well i mean when you really think about it i don't think it's great to complain much regardless of what you do and i think i'm able to do so many wonderful things that i have to weigh it out and you know i get to sell out venues i make really good money i make a great living and i do what i love so if i have to sacrifice you know some of my privacy is not great but it is what it is then is addiction one participant said i've been addicted to almost every substance known to man at one point or another and that the most addicting of them all is fame joji's run shows acceptance this is what fame really is when how i met your mother first went on the air i ran into an actress that i uh knew and she said are you just like so happy all the time and i remember thinking does she really think that when cbs picked up this show it left me with an inability to feel anything other than unbridled joy but the joke was on me because i kind of thought it would i had bought into the not uncommon notion that when i taste success when i get over there then i'll be happy but the strangest thing happened as the show got more successful i got more depressed lastly we have adaptation and it can be exemplified by run as well but i have a feeling we may see more videos before the year ends you can't buy happiness i mean that made me happy for a little while but i mean i was just probably almost as happy with going to second-hand stores and stuff like that and finding a little treasure like that once fame is achieved life will never return to normal the high is gone and the celebrity goes through several feelings not many of us will ever experience a number of participants expressed the loss of privacy and entitization there is a time from probably 14 years old to 22 where i couldn't leave the house without you know without paparazzi without just hordes of people anywhere i went in a grocery store or you know wherever i think it made life so difficult i mean i i don't think young people should be allowed to be famous like there's somebody who could come in and say no they can't this is they're not mentally capable of handling this i think that should happen the thing with former child stars having breakdowns makes so much sense to me because i think the world that you're thrust into kind of like puts you right in line to have a breakdown the relationship between self and other is deeply affected by fame because everyone in the celebrity surrounding environment puts them on a pedestal they experience loneliness because of the separation something normal the average person does can gain media traction if a celebrity does it you would feel watched when you went into a bar when you went into a pub and then you know in my case the quickest way of forgetting about the fact that you were being watched was to get very drunk um and then as you get very drunk you become aware that oh people are watching more now because i'm getting very drunk so i probably drink more to ignore that more and like you know so it gets into you know you get into it it can it can like it can affect your psyche and you sort of have to yeah and i think it's that's something as i said yeah there has there is no blueprint for starting young and working stuff out the celebrity also experiences mistrust when forming new relationships as well as facilitating old ones one participant said do people like me because of who i am or because of what i do i feel like people don't even love me anymore for bacardi balconies like people love me cardi b people i feel like sometimes people don't even love me for me like i feel like people just love the clout it just made me feel like wow am i ever gonna find real love for me sometimes i even catch myself like telling the guy that i'm dealing with like you don't you don't love me you just love me because i am who i am because i be doing grind me [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to these guys and they don't leave me and it's like why you not leaving me because i am who i am when we go back to that survey revealing that children in western countries are increasingly becoming obsessed with fame it shows something more troubling doesn't it in the past you wanted to be famous for a skill i want to be a famous actor i want to be a famous singer i want to be a famous artist i wonder if social media is giving a younger generation the impression that you should be famous just for existing i know i've said certain youtubers are popular for being themselves but there's a whole business side on the back end they don't show when people say oh i want to be like you want to be an actor i want to look like you the question i always ask them is why like really why people and especially america this idea of fame to be famous means that you're successful that you you're happy i don't do what i do because i want to be famous being famous is my job when i'm home i am not and i'm with my family and my friends i am not famous i am me and i'm cameron and that doesn't fame does not define me and so if you are looking for fame to define you then you will never be happy and you will always be searching for happiness and you will never find it in fame fame is a byproduct from what someone may do though it is something we all want it shouldn't be the reason why we do something now when gimme love in daylight joji seems to wake up in this lonely planet where he's by himself a lot of people speculate that this was all just a dream but i also think possibly that it's actually all reality and this loneliness is his psyche of how he feels about celebrity and fame that's the end of the video i will see you guys next time stay psyched

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonnaIRL [349 likes]: Here's an update on what I think the music videos from Nectar mean: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dZuvFyAGiI&t
  2. @erekjohnson8638 [2 likes]: I don't want fame I got GOD
  3. @chrisalex82 [1 likes]: 11:36 roman ? OUTRE-AGE
  4. @think-about-it-777 [1 likes]: after reading through the 'Bystander intervention in emergencies: Diffusion of responsibility' paper on AMA PsycNet The thought occurs to me: "youtube videos often contain injustices that have long since been rectified, but there is a residual effect on the psyche for those who actively seek them out"
  5. @figbat216 [1 likes]: I think your face is perfect 💖 you dont need facetoon
  6. @kaz0271 [1 likes]: I'm sorry but this is really sad. I realised was going bald years back, cut off the bullshit, no tripe just being honest. I don't understand how people can't be graceful and live within the skin you're given. Really makes me sad. Live within your genetics, yet also strive to be the best person you can be, it's not rocket science. Live within your skin...sounds about right :)
  7. @itscode988 [1 likes]: It’s important to talk about his earlier work, on YouTube with the frank persona, his health really suffered, and he started having seizures due to the stresses of his being forced to continually be in the crazy box he was pit in. Especially with the constant mention of pink guy, even now, when he wants to be a new person
  8. @camillepitomize: the "wake up" parts remind me of Donnie Darko
  9. @DanRustle: this was the golden era of youtube. you dont realize how good we had it after its gone
  10. @mikearchangel7998: Anyone else had the theme song of fame playing in their heads while watching? Just me? K...
  11. @miurajpgamer: Damn Joji is deep af
  12. @DaGreatLibrarian: Are you familiar with the book “Psycho-Cybernetics” by Maxwell Maltz? For some reason the video reminded me of the content within the book.
  13. @lykacamilla: Love the not over deafing background music and rest of the informative video, kudos. Hard to understand how other socialite when all eye's on them
  14. @McDudes: Do a video on Bladee please
  15. @JojiMJohn: good content
  16. @Blingchachink: Donna I love u
  17. @inspirationalcreativity8880: The stats for China in the 1st 20 seconds are a little off. If you add them up its %210 of people  😂
  18. @GOATED-BREEKI: Georges TVFilthyFrank  channel is literally the only YT channel that exists as a DO NOT TOUCH channel. It breaks TOS so bad, but is so cherished Susan herself can't even take it down. I've said this so many times(to myself) that George might have gotten what he wanted. Which was to make music, and be himself. Then I feel like he wasn't satisfied with that, and it didn't go as he thought or planned it to. Now he is even more miserable because he received what he thought would be what he wanted and turns out, its not anymore fulfilling. He looks far more miserable than he ever did a FF. He also completely suppresses any of his goofy behavior. George is far more charismatic, and funny than what he leads on with as Joji. He purposely holds back his entire goofy, creative side of his personality. It's been five years now. I'm not saying he needs to come back as FF or anything. I just feel like he isnt being true to himself. Nor does he pay any homage to his fanbase or even really acknowledge it. It's very sad because we all love him so much. Yet, there's nothing we an do for him.
  19. @doesntmatter4477: I dont believe any of those elite celebs with anything they say. The amount of people they actively manipulate for their personal gain while knowing how much damage to the overall population and human species they cause is wack. Billions of people are basically brainwashed by celebrities in one way or another. Meanwhile, most celebs actively cause tremendous damage to their fanbases in ways nobody ever talks about simply because these hoards of maniacs go to the end of the earth to fight for people who look at them like cattle but somehow convince the people otherwise. Theyd sell their momma for a movie roll. Or much much less
  20. @sarahm2023: im not even celebrities, but just recently i just realized ive been ganghacked gangstalked. and when i realized about them last year, they i believed viralling me around, i dont know what issue they have made of me, but i can sense many people were following me around. I suspected the ones who following around are mostly not the main stalkers. they are people who i termed as secondary stalkers, who came from the gossip that was spread around about me. and these main stalkers encouraged them.

i believe this people whos stalking me are somewhat like a illuminati wannabe. And i believe ive been gangstalked for years and my parents enabled them. they seems to be very manipulative and commited in making this iluminati things working out. i believed theyve been planning how to control my life since i even before i was born. and that means, i suspected they have to groom their children as well to continue the legacy. so the stalking wont be sems too creepy if its done by the adult only while i was a child. my first idea of them, seems harmless. but the more i understand them, the more scared i get. like, when i flashed back all my life after realizing their existance, i started to think that all the harrassment i received since i was 5 years old were their game as well.

i think what theyre trying to do is to recruit me to be their gang. their puppets. so they could make use of me if i "succeed". and the harrassment, first i think is for their own pleasure, second i think it is for discretion. It is to be used to make me quiet about their activity, to blackmail emotion me if i didnt want to comply to be part of them. which is what ive been sensing by what happening surrounds me since i knew about their existance. since i did stated that i would report to police.

see how creepy worlds has become.  my life is full of other probleems before, i guess because theyre frustrated that i didnot understand the hidden messages theyre trying to send to me. so ive been punished for something that i didnt asked, i didnt even know was going on.

- Exploring the Dark Side of Fame: Gotye's Viral Song Experience: Kind: captions Language: en what does gota and my exes have in common there's somebody that I used to know and speaking of go we're going to be reacting to a video about how one FAL song ruined his life let's dive in the song might have been clicked on over 2 billion times but how Somebody That I Used to Know impacted got's life is much less widely known I felt quite depressed a lot of times and so that that sort of started to really seep out into how the whole of my life was feeling we'll give a highly detailed description of how unexpected Fame affected him what role it played in his choice to quit music and why got's humble nature makes his fate extremely saddening he simply didn't know the song would get so popular which isn't surprising since his previous songs were even rejected by local radio people wouldn't consider playing my records on Commercial radio stations gottier therefore began uploading his music to YouTube where he'd gained 250 ,000 views on his three most popular songs and while this was still insufficient to make an impact globally I was disappointed with my last album um I couldn't find say label to release it there was one single song that was about to change everything Gotti spent 6 months writing the world's most relatable Breakup Song which he almost scrapped before its release as he couldn't find the right female singer imag imagine if he did scrap that song then this video would not exist and the song that made him viral would not exist like that's just weird to think about is that if go did not release a song this wouldn't be a one hit wonder sounding amazing and you know that was the final straw I thought I had to let the song go I thought wow I've been sort of waiting for 4 months it's just not coming together thankfully gottier knew the song had potential I thought it was a strong song it had an emotional sort of intensity to it eventually using Kimbra who was perfect for its music video which was then leaked to the public giving got an unexpected Advantage the video leaked in Australia a week before it was meant to be released and very quickly started you know getting a lot of YouTube views wow as mentioned the song racked up over 73,000 views before the week had even finished aided by viewers who simply couldn't stop hitting replay yet again I've listened to it non-stop all day like I've done for the last 5 days I've watched this video over 200 times in the past day no joke then it must have been a big hit then it must have been a big hit then uh for the song Imagine just saying I repeated this song 200 times cuz it's a hit then it's good honestly think I'm responsible for half of the views for This brilliant song brilliant clip confirming the music video had an influence on the song's instant explosion most people say you know they think the video clip really enhances the delivery of a song so a lot of people really have you know responded to the video and wanted to share it with other people seems to have sharability gottier stated when it hit the first million Mark I was kind of like okay something's happening here although it seemed he was most satisfied to have finally been played on the radio it's the first real hit single I've had in terms of commercial AirPlay in Australia however the radio stations quickly became insignificant as the song received publicity from a range of famous celebrities Ashton Kutcher wrote this is kind of fantastic reminds me of early music vids Lily Allen simply stated love this video while Katie Perry tweeted new music Discovery for me check out gottier specifically this song the lyrics are so true with got's rapidly developing audience amplifying the same message I find it absolutely great this song is getting so much recognition it's gotten more than 7 million views in just 3 months it went on to break Milestone the video alone has more than 65 million hits now on YouTube after Milestone it's Unique video has had almost 300 million hits on YouTube after Milestone it's got like 860 million views on YouTube or something like that making the song bigger than almost any other ever the third most liked video of all time on YouTube with 1.4 million likes although despite making a song that was somehow this famous I've read people on Twitter saying they're setting it as their alarm tone gottier made a point to remain extremely humble N9 months after the song came out gottier explained he still drove an old van just last week your van was stolen 10 million single sales what the hell are you doing driving a van and when asked about what he'd spent his fortune on he had no interest in luxury what is the last h huge thing you bought I haven't bought anything physically big I really hoped it would be a new van in a different interview gottier was questioned what is the best thing that happened last year to which he'd respond it probably wouldn't be something to do with a marker of the success of my song or my album more something like a really great swim I took at Summer's beach near where I live which might also explain why he refused ads on his music video stating I'm not interested in selling my music that's the reason I don't put ads on my YouTube channel which seems strange to people in today's climate but that is a decision you can make I'm like that with all my music I generally never want to cinch my music for products on ads meaning interesting so she's really doing it just to get some like exposure but he doesn't want to make any money from it which is very interesting because if he did make money from this then this this would have made him a millionaire maybe about 10 million pounds or something $10 million or something this was a big hit and it doesn't me sense thoughti willingly forfeited over $10 million I was actually correct holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] $10 million on YouTube that would have been insane that would have helped him out so much it add that he freely licensed his music to students making films and would even spend his time mentoring people learning music which was supported by a Reddit post reading I sent gottier a link of one of my tracks for the hell of it when I was a bit drunk he actually responded and said he liked it what a great personable dude attaching the original email to prove that he told the truth in the comments a different person shared the story we threw a few emails back and forth and in my last one I said I'd say hello to him at his upcoming show anyway the tick sold out before I could get one and when I told Wally he offered to put me on the door list I can't say enough nice things about the guy gottier also gave a shout out to over a 100 fans who' covered the song however it' be through these covers that gottier first revealed his Fame and success had its own list of death sides been a bit burnt out like seeing another remix another cover of a song it's like you know and a lot you know some are okay some are quite average and so I was I was bit bit over it with covers such as the Star Wars That I Used to Know gaining over 30 million views it's no surprise goer began to feel like he couldn't control the song hearing a lot of bad remixes and edits on Commercial radio around the world like so so far out of my hands that maybe you know my stage name is being badly represented by all these other people doing really crap interpretations of my song yeah to be honest any song right now could be used for a parody and it could be very [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] there's so many bad ones out there especially a lot of the Minecraft ones they're just like really cringey very horrible and it kind of really puts me off of the original song If I listen to it less power over his music Gotti was no longer as comfortable if anything I have more sort of self-consciousness or I can sort of see the concerns about like becoming maybe more famous more being prom to be more of a personality you know being a smaller fish in a bigger Pond if you will and when asked on MTV are you comfortable with all the eyes on you gottier responded by stating I don't know I go back and forth I guess maybe anxious at times or overwhelmed by it or not sure how to process it maybe I've sort of got used to how to handle it this made it obvious that becoming famous wasn't the motive so much that he'd moved to the other side of the world just to avoid being recognized gottier relocated from Melbourne to Brooklyn because there's a pleasant thing in New York where nobody really makes a fuss I wouldn't know if people recognize me or if they do they're very cool about it and don't mention it I felt the difference when I came back to Australia last Christmas walking into cafes or restaurants someone would say something really nice and want to chat I feel a lot more Anonymous here in New York which is nice confirming he'd lost the personability he used to enjoy with his audience interesting so he just wanted to be out at the spotlight and I think this also happened to se as well before she got popular she didn't want to be popular or famous and in the end she decided [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it and released more good music and that's why she's probably right now one of the best artists right now when things get to a certain scale and things get sort of maybe maybe too big it's really hard to keep it personal kind of feels more disconnected to me than when say I was making tracks in my bedroom this seemingly only became worse after winning three different Grammys where during an interview afterwards he'd reveal another way he was suffering from success uccess I sometimes felt a bit self-conscious about it being such a big song being one that is about people who don't seem to be able to work out the differences and the fact that people sort of celebrating that seemed somehow inous to me for a while got feed this song might have been adding to Global relationship dissatisfaction I feel a bit self-conscious about that because there is an aspect you know a lot of the song is quite angsty and you know there's a bitterness and a jadedness to it sure I really want to spread you know that greater sense of angst or dissatisfaction with failed relationship which was in addition to the thought that his song was annoying the World the song is um really overplayed and probably saturated to the point of absurdity where I feel like it's out of my hands but I'm some kind of annoying presence and an audio presence in people's lives that they would prefer not to have there to be honest in my opinion I don't think the songs have overplayed I just feel like people think it's overplayed because it's a great song and it is a great song but I don't think it's overplayed in my opinion it's just a great song that you can listen to and you could relate to and that's what I've been listening to notic that people were saying this song is plased everywhere I can't go to a mall without hearing it whether I like it or hate it I don't want to hear it anymore obviously they're so of it they feel compelled to tell me how sick of it they are and as a result gottier apologized for making everyone listen to his song over and over again because of how many times radio stations were playing it that's very very very humble from him like he's apologizing for making everyone listen to it over and over again on many radio stations I don't think you hear that much anymore to be honest which is a shame because it's still a great song and I don't care how old it is it's still a great song to listen to he'd also have to deal with a phony news story claiming that gottier had died and with completely unrelated YouTube comments such as Rip gottier now you're somebody that we all used to know oh for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] say that's terrible imagine imagine being fooled by fake news like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like saying go to di the H2 are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] joking imagine falling for that he'd be forced to ify on Twitter by simply writing I'm not dead it seemed his only solution for avoiding the public Spotlight was to book an extended American tour however his live performances came with a new problem making his life even harder they really do leave after they've heard the hits especially in America I found what they got my money's worth gottier noticed that the rest of his songs weren't quite so popular some people love some songs and hate others which is just the way it should be probably and perhaps nothing reinforced this more brutally than his 12 Coachella performance an article explained that after playing his hit single gottier performed the rest of his songs to a noticeably smaller crowd the reason for which was explained by two different people on Reddit my friend said when he performed at Coachella the year he blew up over this song it was the first one he performed and then the crowd just left LOL I was there for that and can confirm that I left after hearing that song that's the curse of the one hit wonder yeah to be honest if you a big fan of go here you would still listen to the rest of his music and then you just see a lot of people just leaving after his big his big song which is um somebody that I used to know like it's just a shame because his other music could be sick and you never know got UNC concerned about this being true I mean people ask me like whether I worry about being a one hit wonder I'm kind of like don't really mind if I don't ever really have a big hit like that cuz I'll get like well I've had that experience that's what it was like however it was clear that his future music's performance was heavy on his mind that was such a big hit what's next for you not as big a hit the question came up in so many different interviews that's the pressure of Somebody That I Used to Know haunt you when you're writing new songs gottier made it seem as though he was about to make new music I'm only going to start writing new stuff this year however when asked about whether he can follow up the track with another Smash Hit got responded I don't know time will tell I don't know whether I can or whether I want to he clearly didn't work that ending where I want to really makes you think is he actually thinking of quitting to well with deadlines you're not afraid of waiting you're patient you really want to get it right but after two full years passed with no new music people began to post I wonder what happened to gottier while the original music video filled with comments such as gottier all right guys see you tomorrow last online 8 years ago my man's dropped the fattest Banger in history and dipped now he's somebody everyone used used to know however by this point he'd actually appeared on television where he was asked the following question when's the next out coming out uh I don't know I'm working on things and while he didn't sound too confident there was a barely known reason for this just 2 months beforehand gottier released a newsletter containing one important sentence there will be no new gottier music the newsletter continued maybe there will be I'm not entirely sure right now with the main question being whether anyone would hear his future music well well people certainly would only it wouldn't be posted under Gotti's name throughout his entire career he'd been making music with a band called the basics which became his main project after ditching his solo career the basics Bas player Chris Schroeder had clearly grown tired of people asking about gottier as hi State when I see people saying where's Wally online or making they now he's just somebody that we used to know I just think don't you idiots know how to use Google in the time it's taken you to write that stupid tweet you could have just Googled it and maybe discovered some great music he's been releasing recently on the other end it's so lazy you're not the first person to do that joke just shut up despite announcing in 2021 that the band had stopped touring the basics haven't stopped making music and there's even been some recent hope for gottier as a solo artist in 2020 he was named AR's Australian artist of the decade where he had announc that the follow-up album will be released in the next decade probably and while his past doesn't exactly indicate that it's coming anytime soon got's had an outstanding career regardless of his musical future so how has this success um change things for you when new opportunities come along they present all sorts of challenges but they present a chance to learn new things and learn new things about yourself through that process so what a great video that is to to react to and definitely you can definitely now see why go may have no longer produced any more music like it's a shame because his music could be sick we never know unfortunately but at least he got some awards and he got some exposure and that's it but if he doesn't want to make any more music then that's up to him thank you guys so much for enjoying this video If you enjoyed this video leave a like and also subscribe to channel if you're new on here one road to 600 subscribers have not subscribed what the hell are you doing it's free to do button down below thank you guys so much for watching I'll see you guys very soon peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Truehunter [1 likes]: Nice!
  2. @fancanth [1 likes]: Interesting
  3. @RepulseMusicOfficial [1 likes]: Oooo
  4. @Beepminer [1 likes]: there's a dark side? interesting!
  5. @trenzig [1 likes]: This is mental, feel bad for thew guy
  6. @Janko_2203 [1 likes]: Interesting
  7. @nerdypolecat97 [1 likes]: That intro was just not it lmfao. But good try.
  8. @BenjaminBloxy [1 likes]: Awesome Video
  9. @LyrixPlayss [1 likes]: nice
  10. @robitrabit [1 likes]: FIRE
  11. @ColdAllianceOfficial [1 likes]: Nice!
  12. @Snodsnuts [1 likes]: Good Video
  13. @EchoYT95 [1 likes]: Now he's somebody that we used to know
  14. @JackScants [1 likes]: Ayy nice!

- How to be SO entertaining your videos can’t stop going viral: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine your next video's retention is so high, your video is guaranteed to go viral. I want that for you. So, I've taken my eight years of experience on YouTube writing scripts, editing videos, and investigating what goes viral, and I've boiled it down into six components. The first component is to stop trimming [music] down your videos to just the parts your audience actually wants to see. Obviously, you [music] need to be giving your viewers value, but there's another often even more important thing your videos need to do. Here, let me show you an example from this video. This paragraph is the valuable lesson that my audience wants. So, what am I talking about in the first paragraph? Let's take a look. I want you to look at this. There's a problem here. This is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video. A couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits. There was [music] a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose. These cuts removed pauses and [music] these removed bad takes. But in its current form, this video is doomed to fall short of its potential. The reason is this video isn't [music] using its visuals to maximize attention. That first paragraph is where I reveal a problem. And then in the second paragraph, I give a lesson on how to solve it. Now, imagine if I didn't state the problem first and instead got straight into teaching the lesson. There wouldn't be any curiosity or expectations, so whatever I say will just be boring information rather than being an answer to the viewer's questions or problems. Are you doing that? Do your videos just get straight into talking about or doing random stuff? Or do you first make sure the viewer cares about what you're talking about or doing? You see, it's obvious to you or to me as the creator what makes things valuable, but to the audience, they don't actually know until you tell them. So, here's my formula. I color code my scripts to make sure the [music] viewer always cares so much about what I'm saying that they can't possibly stop watching. In these green sections, I give the reason to watch. I explain the problem, share a mystery, give a question, or create an expectation. Then, in these purple sections, I reveal the answers. Now, this formula isn't just used for my videos. It's used everywhere. Here, look at this video from Ryan Tran. The intro is of course going to be a green section to get you to care about what he's going to do in the video. So, do you remember what the green sections are? It's when you introduce the problem, question or mystery. Which one does Ryan do? >> This is the loneliest house in the world. Oh, it's so lonely. No, there are tons of conspiracy theories around it. Like, like some people think a billionaire built this place in case of a zombie apocalypse. Some people think it's like a religious cult. But most people just want to move here and get away from their problems. To get the viewers's attention, he says the facts that create a mystery. The loneliest house in the world has a ton of conspiracy theories around it, such as a billionaire's zombie apocalypse hideout or a religious cult. So tell me, what question does this create? It makes you ask, what is the true purpose of the world's loneliest house? And that question gives the viewer a reason to watch the video. Okay, cool. But that was just one method to create curiosity. There's actually four methods. So, get your notes ready because you're going to use these a lot from now on. First, you can create a mystery like what Ryan did in that video. Or it could be a problem, question, or some obstacle that lacks an answer. Second, you can say something counterintuitive. For example, look at this video. You wouldn't expect the smaller asteroids to be the ones to worry about. So, this is something that's [music] surprising and it makes you curious. Third, you can reveal that someone knows a secret. make it seem like someone's hiding something that's really important. And fourth, you can suggest that there's a missing component or something important that you haven't yet considered. Now, this first one is the secret to turning your boring videos into highly captivating stories that [music] get millions of views. So, let's look at how Ryan does it in this video. Now, first, do you remember how I use that green purple formula for my videos? I go problem, solution, problem, solution. For the videos I made on my previous channel where I talked about my favorite video game, Terraria, I did question answer. Question answer. But the thing is with Ryan's video, he's not giving information. He is he's doing things in the video. So how do we apply that green purple formula to a video where you're doing something? Well, that was actually initially a a big weak point with Ryan's video. You see, the reason to watch the video is to see him explore the world's loneliest house. So, what's the problem? Here's the plot of the video. Try to spot the weak point. Ryan gets ready for the trip. >> Ready? >> Then he takes the [music] boat to the island, jumps from the boat onto the island, climbs up to the house, and then explores the area. Do you see the problem here? The viewer only cares about seeing Ryan explore the world's loneliest house, but the first half of the video is the journey to the house. So, how's Ryan going to keep all the viewers watching during the first half of the video? Simple. He needs to make the viewer care about the journey as well. How? Well, Ryan's really a genius. Take a look at the rest of that intro. This trip is said to be extremely dangerous. And locals say you'd have to be stupid to try to go with no experience, which really only leaves one man for this job. Hello. Hello. Clearly, I'm not prepared for a country named Iceland. He says that the journey is really dangerous and then throughout the video makes himself out to be very unprepared. >> Just gave me a bunch of clothes cuz I wasn't prepared. >> Therefore, his safety and success becomes uncertain which makes the journey to the world's loneliest house become just as interesting as the house itself. Write that down. Intrigue comes from uncertainty. Okay, good. Now, I need you to recognize this for [music] yourself in the next example. So, take a look at when Ryan jumps from the boat onto the island. That plot point of Ryan jumping is a purple section. Now, [music] I need you to notice the green section before it. So, this is the part of the video where I can never really illustrate how scared I am and like just how dangerous this is for someone like me who has no experience doing anything, but I have to jump off of this boat over the icy, deathly waters. I hope I don't fall. Ready? Ready? Go. Did you see that? He tells us that he's scared, it's dangerous, he's inexperienced, the water is freezing cold, and then hints at the end that he might fall. Imagine if he didn't say any of that before jumping without knowing the stakes and what could go wrong. It wouldn't be entertaining. Well, actually, he didn't say any of that in the recording. That green section was actually a voice over that he added during the editing process. You see, after recording the footage for a video, Ryan follows [music] a three-part limus test to identify what to cut out and what voiceovers to add. This is how he makes the viewers care about each and every second of [music] his videos. One, the viewer must always know what's happening. Two, they must know why it's important. And three, they must know what could go wrong. The viewer just needs to be told all three things, and then they will watch whatever follows. Sometimes Ryan says those things in the recording, like when he tells us the things that he's concerned about. >> I I'm so scared right now. Can I just say that? >> And then other times he forgot, so [music] he just adds a voice over. >> I'm meeting a man named like or something. I don't know how to pronounce his name. >> Okay, I'm moving a little fast here, so let me explain. Now, there's actually a whole another side to this entire thing for both narrative and informative content. Whenever you're trying to get the viewer to care about something that you talk about or do in your video, if you can't create curiosity or expectations, then cut that part out. For example, in Ryan's video, he was able to make the boat ride interesting because there was a chance that things could go wrong. But other parts of the story had no chance of failure, [music] so there wasn't room for any curiosity. Therefore, even if he recorded a lot of footage for that plot point, he would just summarize those parts with a sentence [music] or two of voiceover. Okay, I want you to watch this intro over here. And then I want you to tell me what you think about it. Hey, Vsauce, Michael here. This appears blue. This appears yellow. And this appears green. What? Do you want to keep watching that? Why? He's just telling us the colors on a Rubik's cube. And there's not even any video editing in this either. Yeah, this video sucks. Or does it? because it is the intro of a video with 30 million views. And let's not lie, it was kind of engaging. So, what's making this so interesting? Well, it's that the creator looks and sounds as if he's saying something super important. So, think about your videos. How do you talk in them? Do you sound like you're genuinely excited to share something? Do you speak louder for excitement, lower your voice for suspense, and pause to build anticipation and emphasize key points? Do you raise your eyebrows to show something is interest? Squint slightly to emphasize a key detail or move your head in sync with your words? Do you shift your hands from one side to the other to visually separate ideas? Do you spread your arms wide to signal [music] something big or pinch the air to indicate something precise? You don't. Well, you got to change that because if you speak in a monotone, then anything you say will feel boring. Whatever emotion you put into your voice is contagious. The viewer will feel it too. And yeah, that means that if you feel uncomfortable talking on camera, then the viewer watching you is going to feel uncomfortable as well. But you know, that's what's so frustrating because you can talk just fine to your friends, right? But then as soon as you get on camera, >> please please like the video. >> But don't worry, I've got a shortcut for you to stop being camera shy and become pretty engaging on camera. You see, when you're saying something to a close friend, 100% of your focus is on just trying to get your point across. But once you're talking to the camera, you get distracted by thoughts like, "Am I speaking fast enough? Am I pausing too much? Am I saying that right?" You get self-conscious. You're focused on yourself rather than on sharing your message. Because you're distracted. You start to lose your train of thought as you're speaking. So, what makes sense to do here is to memorize the words that you need to say so that you say it all correctly. But this makes things worse. Now, you're more focused on getting the words right than on the real meaning behind the words. And that's what causes you to speak in a monotone. How do you fix this? Well, you got to get comfortable with making mistakes on camera because think about this. What sounds more engaging? You can say your script flawlessly. Every word's perfect. You don't say um you don't say ah. However, the entire recording you're speaking in a monotone. Or does it sound more engaging if you make some mistakes in your speech? You might pause a few times. You say um you say ah, but it sounds like you are really excited to share something. you're you're just giving off the impression that there's something really important [music] and exciting to talk about. Obviously, that second version sounds way more interesting despite [music] the mistakes, which you can actually just cut out later. So, what matters here is not trying to look perfect, but instead treat the camera like it's your friend who's really interested about what you're saying. And that's really the big issue here. You [music] you get in front of the camera and you start thinking that there's a big audience watching you or there's like a panel of critics judging you. The issue is when you start to think that, oh, I'm in front of the camera now. Now I have to act different. Now I have to say things right. But that's not what it's about. It's it's about connecting with each individual viewer as if they were your friend who's interested in what you're saying. And that's what's going to make the viewer feel like you have something really important to share. There's a problem with your videos and if you don't fix it, your scripts are boring. And this applies to any type of video. And I've been making this mistake the past few sentences. And I hope you noticed because I keep saying and. And the problem isn't just with the word and. The problem is with using and to connect points in your video. Here's what I mean. The creators of South Park discovered that when a story is structured like this happened and then this happened and then this happened and then this happened, it quickly becomes repetitive. But it also creates a bigger issue. It isn't specified how one thing leads to the next. This can be pretty disorienting for the viewer. The video jumps between topics or scenes without a clear connection between them. Your viewer without a clear path through the video isn't kept immersed. There's all these exit points where they're free to disengage. So, here's the far better structure that South Park found. We tried this, but that got in the way. Therefore, we had to do this, but it didn't work. So, we tried this. Whether it's the scenes in a story, the topics in an explanation, or even the individual sentences in a paragraph, this structure makes a massive difference. What this all comes down to is creating a seamless [music] flow throughout each part of your video so that the viewer stays fully immersed from the start to the finish. But that South Park structure isn't the only thing needed to create a seamless journey through your video. There's still one more thing you got to do. Before I got started with this video, I was curious about something. I wanted to know what [music] is the most common mistake people make in their videos for retention. So, I went to my Discord server at the [music] time and there was a a section for feedback requests. I went through all the videos in there and guess for yourself, what do you think the biggest mistake was? Was it a lack of storytelling? Was it really bad video editing? Was it people speaking in a monotone voice? or was it something else? Well, it was actually the most basic intuitive thing that you got to be doing with your videos. Yet, no one was really doing it. The biggest mistake was confusion. I was confused what was happening. And now, if you think that you would never make such an obvious oversight, then you're probably one of the creators doing this here. Let me give you a quick insight into my scripting process. I revisit every part of my video genuinely around a hundred times to find any possible way to make it easier to understand. Because here's the thing, you're biased. When you look at your video, you look at it from a place of having all of the context. You are the expert. You did the research, the filming, the editing. But where is the viewer coming from? A place of zero context. Everything is completely new to them. Therefore, it's way harder for the viewer to keep up with and understand what's happening. And you know, I got to be honest, this is probably why you keep getting disappointed by your view count. You can tell when you upload a video that there's a lot of value there. There's a lot for people to get from it. Yet, people are not enjoying it that much and therefore the metrics that YouTube gathers from your video end up being lower and you don't get the views that your video really could be getting because chances are you already have a good video idea. You're already putting a lot of effort into your videos, a lot of value in there. But the issue is your viewers just aren't able to absorb it. They're not able to understand it that well. And therefore, the video is lower quality because they're not able to access that value. And really, this comes down to communication. And we've already talked about this quite a bit so far with the storytelling lesson, which in in summary is just like make sure you're telling the viewer what's going on at all times and what the stakes are, what could go wrong. So, if they know all of those details, then they're able to keep up with the story and empathize with you, get a lot more immersed into what's happening. We have that communicated. That was a big part of communication. But there's a lot more to communication beyond that. I think there is three more things to communication. These are especially important if you make videos like mine that are not a story, but you're explaining something. First, let's say you're explaining something and you make it clear and concise. Great. You're getting to the point and just saying things simply how they are. Well, that's still going to leave the viewer down there. Why? Try to remember the last time you were learning to play a new game. People could tell you a crystal clear and concise explanation of how to play, but that wasn't good enough. It was a lot to take in, so you forgot some details, and it it just took a few rounds before you really understood the game. The key thing here is that it isn't tangible until you've seen it in action. And it's also hard to wrap your head around if it's totally new to you. So, how do you get the viewer to understand things? You can use an analogy like, for example, what I did a moment ago when I related the viewer's experience trying to understand your video to your experience learning to play a new game. Or you can give an example like like what I just did. I gave the example of using an analogy. Those things turn an abstract idea into something vivid for the viewer. The next thing is to get someone else to watch your video before you post it. I've been doing this for years now, and every single time I get someone pointing out some moment in my video that was either boring or it was confusing. Now, the final thing is something I swear by because it set me apart ever since my previous channel. It's what I do with the visuals. Check this out. Your journey begins as you scour the surface for the wooden boomerang, your first weapon. You find a fallen star and use it to upgrade to the enchanted boomerang. The game [music] is only getting started. Did you catch it? In my videos, I always make certain that every single thing I talk about has a visual to show that thing because you obviously want to pace your video pretty quickly. But the issue is if you pace your video really quickly, then it's really easy for the viewer to miss some details. The solution? Take full advantage of visual communication. That way, your video can communicate maximum value at maximum efficiency. But just showing a visual for each thing isn't all there is to it. There's often multiple things in a scene that the viewer might look at, so you need to clarify where their focus should be. I zoom in and pan the camera to exactly what the viewer should be looking at at any given moment. But that brings up this really common misconception that people have with editing. There's this big narrative that the more cool things you put into your video, whether it's visuals or sound effects, that's going to lead to more views. And I'm sure you've seen a lot of big creators having a ton of variety in their videos, too. But variety is much more delicate than that. And having variety just for the sake of having it really has the potential to screw up your video. Let me explain. Variety is like seasonings in a dish. The purpose is to bring out the flavor of the food, but too many seasonings ruins the dish. So, for example, with the mood of your video, keeping a constant tone throughout the whole video is like only using one seasoning. It's boring. But if the mood fluctuates from excitement over something to worry about some problem or threat to joy about a solution to unease over some impending obstacle and so on, your video becomes much more engaging and vivid. The viewer is kept alert by the shifting tone and the contrast between moods enhances the strength of each mood. So, a healthy amount of variety is great there, but adding too much variety can be harmful, just like adding too many seasonings to a dish. For example, with your visuals, if you take things too far with variety, it becomes difficult to keep up. The viewer isn't given enough time to process each thing that's happening on screen, which means they can't absorb anything valuable from the visuals. So, the point I'm making with variety and with your video editing in general is that rather than taking all the spices and tossing in as much as you can, you got to think about the effect each thing you do has and how much of it's needed to create the perfect experience for your audience. So, what can you do to make the algorithm always choose your videos to be the ones that blow up? Here, I'll go ahead and tell you. The algorithm is designed to make the viewer's experience of going on YouTube be as enjoyable as possible. So if your video is predicted to be one of the most enjoyable videos for someone, the algorithm will recommend your video to them. Now, if your video is predicted to be a highly enjoyable video for millions of people, then the algorithm will recommend your video to millions of people. Here's how to do that. Take an audience that you understand. [music] you know what they're interested in and you know what they're seeking for, the experience they want when they go on YouTube. What you need to do is figure out exactly what they want and how to give it better than the competition. For example, with my Terraria channel that I was running when I was 15, I looked at all of my competition. I looked at what videos were getting the most views in my niche and then I compared those videos to my videos. And I kept noticing and then improving the things that they were doing better than I was until eventually I was getting the same or even sometimes even more views than [music] them. So that's what this final component is. It's to study what has gotten the most views in your niche. And you look at those videos and [music] you're going to find out from that what your audience values. What is it that they value? [music] Then you're going to study those videos to figure out how to provide that value better than anyone else can. And that's been my secret to going viral, blowing up with each and every

  Top Comments:
  1. @songsofthesiren874 [3 likes]: So helpful for people new to this! Thank you.
  2. @LearnByLeo [2 likes]: Step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  3. @MichaelTrentColvin: ❤ Outstanding 💯
  4. @garbuio1111: I litterally went to like the video 4 times before it was over. Great content
  5. @LeftoutLevelup: Thank you for sharing
  6. @GottaRush: 8:24 haha, I see what you did there
  7. @shmaklfrunkl: I might be the only mfer that thought the title said "your vid cant stop gooning" im sorry, but it's what i read, and now i have to share with the class
  8. @I_xm_editora_009: Hii
I am an ameture editor 
I usually upload anime edits So how can I increase the views and make it less boring to my viewers
  9. @Comiccrimes: How Did You Create That Map Animation?
  10. @JustANewOpinion: Omg my guy makes the script very interesting <3
  11. @LagHappensPetCrew: Dude, save some viewers for the rest of us….😂
  12. @LagHappensPetCrew: Ok, I need to say this…..

So I’m growing my channel of everyday life my crazy, chaotic, funny and cute pets. AmStaff, and two cats. 
This is a chain of events that led me here watching this video for the 5th time and YouTube’s algorithm knew to put it in front of my eyes….
I knew I needed/wanted REALLY good editing tools so I purchased Premiere Pro with VERY LITTLE knowledge and I wanted to know the basics. And I have been learning quite well and still learning. So I searched “premiere pro tutorials” and it led me to a few videos that really helped (this is where it gets interesting) and I kept watching more of what YouTube was feeding me. I wanted more knowledge that I wasn’t even searching for like this video for example. 
I just searched Premiere tutorials but I ALWAYS want to know more so I ended up with this channel which explained (in great detail) the 4 W’s. I wanted to know more of behind the  editing, how to edit psychologically, how to get my audience to engage more etc. 

That ALL happened within one hour. I’m amazed at how well I was fed with what I was aching to learn. I have 9 pages of notes from watching two of his videos. 
Thank you for the effort you put into these tutorials. 
Was I engaged?? 
Pft…beyond measure..I needed to know more. And more. 
I’ve landed exactly where I needed to land to help my channel grow.
  13. @pluppiscool: 10:27 you had the PERFECT chance to say "or does it?" slowly with the vsauce sound when he asks a question
  14. @Lazan404: Love the video very helpful
  15. @HenriqueBevilacquaEng: Comes back bro
  16. @connorzanoli: This video is so unbelievably good
  17. @MinixOfficial: e
  18. @Rob5kstar: More dubs plss
  19. @StevenBucao-s6i: bros content make watch tell edit, the editing is so good
  20. @Puschkin_Entertainment: Hmmm, yeah, i see you. You are the only Youtube Guru i respect. 👍🏻 
To all the other Small Creators, you should listen to this Man!

- TN student's emotional video goes viral: Kind: captions Language: en it's Hennessy students emotional video about bullying in her school is going viral Junior Emily Gibson is calling for change in her high school after a fifteen year old girl committed suicide in October takes time to make a difference oh Emily says she made the video in hopes that our message about treating others with respect will make teenagers think twice before bullying their peers it's been viewed more than half a million times in one week and she's receiving messages of thanks from high schools across the country and from students across the u.s. since her classmates suicide the school has launched an app where students can anonymously report bullying

  Top Comments:
  1. @fmj_556: Public schools need to be privatized. The system is broken.

- Create Emotional AI Shorts That Go Viral FAST!: Kind: captions Language: en this one AI generated video got 426 million views&nbsp; another 236 million and here's the craziest part&nbsp;&nbsp; this channel only has 27 videos but it's racked&nbsp; up over 4 million subscribers and 1 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; views that's billion with a B this is the most&nbsp; viral one a baby falls from a burning airplane&nbsp;&nbsp; parachutes into the ocean and is rescued by a&nbsp; dog who remembers the baby's mother it's dramatic&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional and wildly addictive you just have to&nbsp; watch till the end today I'm going to show you&nbsp;&nbsp; step by step how to create videos just like this&nbsp; even if you've never made a video before you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; learn how to generate powerful story ideas turn&nbsp; them into stunning AI videos just like the viral&nbsp;&nbsp; channels that are blowing up right now so if&nbsp; you want to start making viral emotional videos&nbsp;&nbsp; that people can't stop watching stick with me&nbsp; hit that like button subscribe and let's build&nbsp;&nbsp; your first AI hit right now all right to craft&nbsp; our viral story head over to ChatGpt and paste&nbsp;&nbsp; in the viral video idea prompt you'll find it&nbsp; linked in this video's description and don't&nbsp;&nbsp; worry you can totally tweak the prompt to fit your&nbsp; favorite themes i like using a heroic white cat&nbsp;&nbsp; who saves a baby but you can use a dog a robot&nbsp; a kid whatever grabs you emotionally once you&nbsp;&nbsp; paste the prompt and hit enter Chat GPT will&nbsp; instantly generate five cinematic story ideas&nbsp;&nbsp; each one packed with emotion suspense and viral&nbsp; potential now let's pick one i'm going with the&nbsp;&nbsp; second idea Frozen Breath it's got drama survival&nbsp; and heart everything we need to hook an audience&nbsp;&nbsp; copy that part and paste it in the prompt&nbsp; box now we're going to unlock the full story&nbsp;&nbsp; grab the scene breakdown prompt also linked in&nbsp; the description and paste it right under the&nbsp;&nbsp; video idea this prompt tells Chat GPT to break&nbsp; the story into detailed scenes change the number&nbsp;&nbsp; of scenes from 10 to 15 or even 20 but for this&nbsp; tutorial we're sticking with 10 to keep it fast&nbsp;&nbsp; and simple now hit enter and boom chat GPT gives&nbsp; you a complete scene by scene breakdown each one&nbsp;&nbsp; setting the stage for a powerful animated moment&nbsp; and just like that you've got a fully mapped out&nbsp;&nbsp; emotionally driven story ready to bring to life&nbsp; with AI visual we're going to do that with an&nbsp;&nbsp; absolutely free tool called Picklemen here's how&nbsp; it works take the first scene description that&nbsp;&nbsp; ChatGpt gave you just copy the text exactly as&nbsp; it is now head over to picklemen.com it's 100%&nbsp;&nbsp; free once you're on the site hit the generate&nbsp; for free button to get started then paste that&nbsp;&nbsp; scene description into the prompt box next choose&nbsp; your image format go with 916 that's the perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; vertical size for short form content now click&nbsp; the magic button and boom in seconds you'll see&nbsp;&nbsp; your scene come to life a baby left behind in&nbsp; a snowstorm deep in the Scandinavian mountains&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks cinematic emotional now repeat that for&nbsp; the rest of your story scenes head back to chat&nbsp;&nbsp; GPT copy the second scene's description paste it&nbsp; into PLU and hit generate do this for every single&nbsp;&nbsp; scene until you've got a full set of images that&nbsp; tell your entire story visually and don't forget&nbsp;&nbsp; you can customize each scene prompt to get even&nbsp; better result now that our images are ready it's&nbsp;&nbsp; time to animate them and make everything move&nbsp; and for that we're using an amazing AI tool&nbsp;&nbsp; called SuperWwork.AI this platform is packed with&nbsp; powerful features image to video text to video&nbsp;&nbsp; image to anime you name it and the best part it&nbsp; gives you free AI tools and daily credits to start&nbsp;&nbsp; creating right away here's how to turn your still&nbsp; images into animated video clips step by step&nbsp;&nbsp; first head over to superwork.ai you'll find the&nbsp; link in the video description once you're there&nbsp;&nbsp; click AI image to video then hit convert image to&nbsp; video to jump into the dashboard now go back to&nbsp;&nbsp; PLU open the first image you created and hit the&nbsp; download arrow to save it while you're at it also&nbsp;&nbsp; copy the original prompt you used to generate that&nbsp; image we'll need that too then head back to Super&nbsp;&nbsp; Work upload your image paste the prompt in the box&nbsp; and choose your video resolution you can go with&nbsp;&nbsp; 720p or bump it up 1080p if you want that extra&nbsp; clarity once you're ready click create if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not logged in yet just sign in with your Google&nbsp; account super fast in under a minute it's done&nbsp;&nbsp; you've got a fully animated scene created straight&nbsp; from your image and text prompt now repeat the&nbsp;&nbsp; process for every other scene go back to P Lumen&nbsp; download the second image copy its prompt return&nbsp;&nbsp; to SuperWork replace the old image and prompt hit&nbsp; create and boom your next animated scene is ready&nbsp;&nbsp; do this again and again until you've animated&nbsp; every scene from your story by the end you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; have a full sequence of cinematic clips that flow&nbsp; like a mini movie once your scenes are done and&nbsp;&nbsp; saved let's jump into editing now it's time to&nbsp; tie everything together using one of the easiest&nbsp;&nbsp; editing apps out there Cap Cut so open up Cap Cut&nbsp; import all the animated clips you just made from&nbsp;&nbsp; SuperWork and start by arranging them in the&nbsp; correct order this is where your story really&nbsp;&nbsp; starts to flow from the first dramatic moment to&nbsp; the emotional ending once your clips are lined up&nbsp;&nbsp; it's time to add sound effects this is what gives&nbsp; your video heart adjust the volume levels as you&nbsp;&nbsp; go drop in ambient sound effects snowstorms ocean&nbsp; waves a baby crying faintly in the distance these&nbsp;&nbsp; little details make the story feel real and keep&nbsp; the audience hooked for emotional stories like&nbsp;&nbsp; these I always use a gentle cinematic background&nbsp; track something that pulls the viewer in adds&nbsp;&nbsp; tension and highlights the emotional beats once&nbsp; everything sounds great and the visuals are&nbsp;&nbsp; polished it's time to export and just like that&nbsp; your first AI generated emotional story video is done wow wow it looks professional it hits emotionally&nbsp; and it's ready to go viral now here's the real&nbsp;&nbsp; secret the more you do this the faster and better&nbsp; you'll get be consistent keep experimenting and&nbsp;&nbsp; your channel could blow up just like the ones&nbsp; pulling in millions of views every single week&nbsp;&nbsp; if this tutorial helped you hit that like&nbsp; button subscribe to the channel for more&nbsp;&nbsp; and let me know in the comments if you have&nbsp; any question i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @abdulhameedrasheed8704 [4 likes]: I honestly don't know why you all just lie about the image to video ai about being free
  2. @BeginnerSecrets66 [1 likes]: 😮❤ for this is my 5th time to Watch this Video. 
But, can create it using my Poor Android Phone please?
  3. @primalclashchroniclesN1 [1 likes]: Thanks so much bro, this your video just blew my mind off and it’s so helpful thanks a lot one more time. I’ll be back here to share my testimony.
  4. @ReVibeTransformations [1 likes]: Thank you for this tutorial!
  5. @creeperzerrooo0 [1 likes]: Pepole that hate ai
👇
  6. @NetGenics [1 likes]: CREATE 5 DETAILED STORY IDEAS FOR AN AL GENERATED ANIMATED SGORT FLIM IN AN EMOTIONAL REALISTIC. EACH STORY MUST FEATURE A BRAVE WHITE CAT AS THE MAIN HERO, HELPING A BABY SURVIVE DANGROUS SITUATIONS IN A RICHLY DETAILED, CINEMATIC NATURAL WORLD. THEMES SHOULD FOCUS ON BRAVERY, FRIENDSHIP DANGER RESCUE AND EMOTIONAL TRIUMPH. ENSURE TENSION BUILDS VISUALLY THROUGH ACTION SCENES, LEADING TO A HEARTFELT REUNION OR VICTORY. INCLUDE CHARACTERS DESCRIBED IN BRACKETS, WITH THE WHITE CAT AS THE CEMTRAL CHARACTER
  7. @0Trillion-X [1 likes]: Thanks
  8. @RockyRaccoon11 [1 likes]: I have started learning AI tools. Building a new channel hope everything will be better. Thanks for sharing useful knowledge
  9. @StoryDoodles-l6t: thank you for 200 subscribers
  10. @CurusZone: aarey bhai free thodi h 1 video from 1 id and jaise hi dusri id ya temp mail id use kroge 1 fir se milega but consistent nhi hoga videos characters change ho jta hai tumne toh 200-300 coins le akha hai promotion kr diya aur hmlogo ko pagal
  11. @PawsinKorea: Thank you meao~
  12. @Mr.Morgan11z7: but are those millions of views organic views or simply bots?
  13. @Sharp000-z9l: Broo is it paid version please free tools
  14. @DilimCrimeStories: We pay after cost your free trial i think😢
  15. @TabishAImoods: The biggest issue is that how to remove capcut watermark after completing the editing
  16. @theaicreates21: UFFFFF cant even go above 5k views bro :(
  17. @MeowgicFactory: so amazing thanks for sharing tips
  18. @social_superhero12: Amazing 🥳
  19. @ParallelUniverse-v5h: I have emotional short videos in my channel.
  20. @chaimaachanel9618: ❤

- How I Actually Edit Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Where's the editing tutorial? How do&nbsp; you edit? Bro, are you using Adobe to&nbsp;&nbsp; edit your videos? How do you edit so good?&nbsp; Your editing style is crazy, man. Where do&nbsp;&nbsp; you edit videos? How to edit smooth like&nbsp; you? How to edit? Bro, we need a tutorial… Yep, this is the editing tutorial. But why&nbsp;&nbsp; the hell did it take 9 months to make&nbsp; it? Well, it all started one year ago… An editing tutorial? From me? Really? Why not? Have you ever checked your&nbsp; views? People love your videos, man. Look, I know a thing or two about editing,&nbsp; but making a tutorial?! There are fricking&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizards out there making stuff I can’t&nbsp; even imagine! I mean look at this guy. How the&nbsp;&nbsp; hell does he do that?! The best I can do is&nbsp; “how to edit slightly above average” tutorial… And? Isn’t that the point? You don’t need to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wizard. You just need to be… You…&nbsp; Someone who’s been through the journey. What do you mean? Remember your early days, man. You knew&nbsp; nothing about editing. I’ve been there. Wait. You were there? I mean for the most part… Oh… Everything you know, you learned&nbsp; the hard way. Wouldn’t you want&nbsp;&nbsp; someone to guide you through that path back then? Yeah… Just keep it real. Show the way for past Isaac.&nbsp; How you edit your videos, from start until the&nbsp;&nbsp; end. The stuff you learned along the way. And&nbsp; hey, who knows, maybe I’ll send it back to him. Alright. That’s my man! But if I’m doing this, I’m making the best&nbsp; editing tutorial YouTube has ever seen… Yeah, I know, you’ve probably heard this a&nbsp; million times and rolling your eyes. But different&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences want different editing. You can’t use&nbsp; a MrBeast style editing in a Ruhi video. It just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t feel right. Now, every editing tutorial is&nbsp; saying this exact same thing, but the problem is,&nbsp;&nbsp; all of them proceed to explain both editing&nbsp; styles in theory and never actually give you&nbsp;&nbsp; practical advice. You know why? Because they don’t&nbsp; want to lose the other side of their viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; It’s all about keeping the retention high! I&nbsp; know, it’s not a wise choice for retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don’t wanna be one of them. I want to&nbsp; actually teach you something. So instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; juggling 2 different editing styles&nbsp; and giving random tips from each one,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s pick the one that I’m better at, which&nbsp; is, fancy editing! The editing like this… and&nbsp;&nbsp; this… and this. I want you to walk away from&nbsp; this tutorial actually knowing how to edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; not watching another video that explains&nbsp; the same theory for the 100th time. You wouldn’t wanna sit down to edit and realize&nbsp; halfway through that your script isn’t good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, or even worse, the video idea doesn’t&nbsp; make sense! If you wanna edit viral videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything else should be made with&nbsp; that in mind as well. An amazing edit&nbsp;&nbsp; can’t save a boring script, or a bad video&nbsp; idea. So let’s quickly fix these at first. Think about your target audience.&nbsp; Is the idea interesting for them?&nbsp;&nbsp; Would someone click on this&nbsp; video if they didn’t know you? I already covered it in another video. For the script, start by outlining all the&nbsp; points you want to cover in the video, and write&nbsp;&nbsp; everything that’s on your mind. Most youtubers&nbsp; stop here. But after writing everything, I always&nbsp;&nbsp; come up with a secondary story. Something deeper.&nbsp; Almost like a short film that runs alongside the&nbsp;&nbsp; main video. After that, create a structure. Cut&nbsp; out useless parts, ask ChatGPT to make it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand, and build some kind of progress&nbsp; from the start until the end of your video. We’re&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna dive a lot deeper into scripting in a future&nbsp; video, so I’ll not waste much time on that here. Just record your voice on a microphone,&nbsp; or like me, use an AI voice generator&nbsp;&nbsp; like Elevenlabs. Create a voice, and paste&nbsp; everything in your script, but little little,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the middle. Some people still think that&nbsp; AI voices are too robotic, but trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has improved a lot. I mean I can get random&nbsp; emotions like SIUUU. See? You can check out&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs with the link in description. It’s&nbsp; not sponsored by the way. I just get a small&nbsp;&nbsp; commission if you use my link. And it’s a great&nbsp; tool. SIUUU! Haha. Sorry… Okay, let’s move on. Here’s the thing about filming… I have absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; no clue. I get all my footage&nbsp; from the internet… So… yeah… Look at other youtubers’ videos, but even&nbsp; better, watch a good movie before editing. Uhh,&nbsp;&nbsp; just a heads-up, don’t watch 5 seasons of&nbsp; Breaking Bad just to get inspired for one&nbsp;&nbsp; video. Don’t ask me how I know… With all the&nbsp; rise of short-form content, some people haven’t&nbsp;&nbsp; even sat and watched a 2 hour long movie in years.&nbsp; But if you find any type of movie that you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; and watch it with your editor's eye, you’ll get&nbsp; so much inspiration that you can’t even make&nbsp;&nbsp; that much video! Transitions, storytelling,&nbsp; montages, cool camera angles, you name it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of this stuff hasn't even been implemented&nbsp; once on youtube yet. So, you want originality?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where you get them. Even though it’s not&nbsp; gonna be as good as a masterpiece like Morbius,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re making your own movies here. Once&nbsp; these are ready, move on to the next step. When I say assets, I’m talking about music,&nbsp; sound effects, overlays, and presets. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of trial and error to find the right&nbsp; ones. But if you don’t have time for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; I put together all the assets I use to edit&nbsp; my videos. Here’s where I get them from. Now, this part may seem a bit unnecessary,&nbsp; but it made everything way faster for me in&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual editing. Take your script, and color&nbsp; code what’s happening in each sentence. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to divide it into 6 categories, but you can&nbsp; adjust this based on your style. Once you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; done with the entire script, collect all the&nbsp; elements you need for each part. I marked this&nbsp;&nbsp; part as ‘screen record’. So now I’ll gather&nbsp; all the screen recordings for this section.&nbsp;&nbsp; The same process for images, videos, and&nbsp; everything else. And for the animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; uhh… Just keep it there. I’m gonna explain&nbsp; it in a few minutes. After you went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire script and got everything&nbsp; you need, you’re ready to move on to… Alright, finally, it’s time to open Premiere&nbsp; Pro. Click create a new project. Create again,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add a new sequence. I like to&nbsp; make my videos in 1920 by 1080,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is high enough so no one’s&nbsp; counting pixels, and low enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; not burn my computer. Though you can use 4k if&nbsp; you got a beast in your house. Oh, and 60fps. Create your workplace by dragging windows around,&nbsp; however you’re comfortable with. Personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like this layout, which has&nbsp; the main video in the center,&nbsp;&nbsp; timeline at the bottom, footage and effects&nbsp; here, effect controls and raw footage monitor&nbsp;&nbsp; here. If you’re missing any windows,&nbsp; just enable them from the menu here. Next up, import your voiceover, drag to&nbsp; the timeline, cut it based on the script,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remove any awkward pauses or&nbsp; moments where it drags the flow. Okay, this one might not fit for&nbsp; everyone's workflow, but I like&nbsp;&nbsp; adding the music right after the voiceover.&nbsp; I know, most editors save it for the end,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it gives more clarity on the vibe&nbsp; you’re going for in the entire edit. Plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; it lets you make cuts based on the beat. And&nbsp; most importantly, it’s more fun! So, where&nbsp;&nbsp; to find good music? I used to grab no copyright&nbsp; music from youtube for a long time, but lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve been hooked on Epidemicsound. It’s just more&nbsp; convenient to find music and sound effects based&nbsp;&nbsp; on every detail, and you don’t need to worry&nbsp; about copyright issues. One thing I didn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; realize until editing this video, is that you can&nbsp; copy and paste your favorite songs from Spotify,&nbsp;&nbsp; and get similar music. I mean what the hell?&nbsp; Why didn’t anyone told me that?! Once you’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; got your music, drop it to the timeline, and&nbsp; adjust the volume based on the voiceover. Now comes the fun part. Remember the highlights&nbsp; on the script? Start layering in all your videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; images, and screen recordings based on the&nbsp; highlights. It’s not necessary if you’re&nbsp;&nbsp; new to editing, but it’s a good idea to&nbsp; experiment with some cuts based on the&nbsp;&nbsp; music beats. It gives your edit that extra&nbsp; punch and keeps it flowing easier. Another&nbsp;&nbsp; little trick I like to use, is just plain&nbsp; text on a black background. Just like I’m&nbsp;&nbsp; doing right now. We’re gonna dive into text&nbsp; in a minute, so leave it blank for now. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; looking good so far! But remember? You highlighted&nbsp; one more thing in your script. Animations… Alright, here’s the truth. Animation&nbsp; is not as easy as it looks. Especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it’s your first time. But don’t&nbsp; worry, we’ll break it down together. So, in the script that you highlighted,&nbsp; let’s take the first animation. I’m just&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take a cool one from my previous&nbsp; videos. And show you the exact method I&nbsp;&nbsp; use to make them go viral. Grab a pen and&nbsp; paper, and imagine the animation. You’re&nbsp;&nbsp; probably thinking of something that walks&nbsp; the viewer through the method step by step,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Picture this. We’ll have some&nbsp; boxes connected to each other by arrows,&nbsp;&nbsp; like a flowchart. Inside each box, is a heading,&nbsp; but they’re blurred out for now. Then, we will&nbsp;&nbsp; zoom into the first box, and boom. The text is&nbsp; revealed. That’s a solid one. Let’s create it. Now there are two ways to create the animations.&nbsp; Easy way, and hard way. Let’s start with the first&nbsp;&nbsp; one. If your animation is too simple,&nbsp; and not much fancy stuff is going on,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can create it in Canva. I made my&nbsp; first video’s animations using only Canva.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just create the animation you sketched, with&nbsp; shapes, text, and graphics. For our example,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might look something like this. Once you’ve&nbsp; got your design set, add some animations. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s it! Keep in mind, if you want to&nbsp; add some zoom-ins to them in the edit,&nbsp;&nbsp; export the video in a higher quality. Or it may&nbsp; look like this. That works for simple animations,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you want to edit like a pro, it’s time to&nbsp; dive into… After Effects… But here’s your warning.&nbsp;&nbsp; This route gets much more complex than Canva. So&nbsp; it’s okay to freak out if it’s your first time&nbsp;&nbsp; using it. Every editor has been there. Honestly… I&nbsp; think I'm still freaking out each time I see it...&nbsp;&nbsp; OH! Sh… There’s too much detail to explain here,&nbsp; so I’m gonna do a separate video for creating more&nbsp;&nbsp; complex animations in the future. But the idea is&nbsp; the same as Canva. Use tools like text, shapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or pen to create the base of your animation.&nbsp; Once you have something similar to your sketch,&nbsp;&nbsp; adjust them based on the voiceover. Add typewriter&nbsp; animation to texts, and trim paths to move shapes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lastly, add some glow effect to make them pop.&nbsp; At least that’s what I do. It takes more time,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the result is next level. You can repeat&nbsp; the same process for all the other animations&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Sketch, create, animate. Until&nbsp; I make the full animation tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to do some research yourself,&nbsp; I shared some keywords and tutorials from&nbsp;&nbsp; other creators that might help. And once all the&nbsp; animations are ready, drop them to the timeline&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Line them up with your voiceover, and&nbsp; we’re one step closer to a polished final edit. By now, your timeline should be looking pretty&nbsp; solid. But here’s the thing. The first rough cut&nbsp;&nbsp; is never perfect. So if you have time,&nbsp; go back and watch it again. Trust me,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll spot points to improve. Add&nbsp; extra animations, screen recordings,&nbsp;&nbsp; some funny memes. Sometimes I even rewrite parts&nbsp; of the script if a better idea pops in my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; But it’s not about just adding things. At some&nbsp; point, you’ll need to cut off useless parts. Look&nbsp;&nbsp; out for boring lines in the script, unnecessary&nbsp; footage, or bad jokes. Cut everything that doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; serve the video’s main goal. And yeah, I only&nbsp; keep the good jokes. You wouldn’t wanna see&nbsp;&nbsp; the bad ones… Don’t, hey, don’t show it! So&nbsp; you added new stuff, removed useless stuff,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s still not enough. There’s one&nbsp; more thing you need... Space. I know, I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you always heard that people’s attention span&nbsp; is shorter than a jellyfish, and if you wanna&nbsp;&nbsp; make a viral video, you’ve gotta keep up the pace.&nbsp; Get to the point as fast as possible, and move on&nbsp;&nbsp; to the next one. Because if you slow down for too&nbsp; long… you’re gonna be… boring… So cut every single&nbsp;&nbsp; millisecond where something interesting isn’t&nbsp; happening, fry people’s dopamine receptors, make&nbsp;&nbsp; them hate their life after watching your video,&nbsp; give them a heart attack… and maximize your&nbsp;&nbsp; retention… But here’s the twist. Cutting every&nbsp; space may mean cutting the actual story from your&nbsp;&nbsp; video… So how do you balance it? The best way&nbsp; to summarize this point is, ‘People don’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; shorter attention spans. They just have higher&nbsp; standards’. So make the stop worth waiting for… Alright, we’re done with the boring parts.&nbsp; Now it’s time to get our hands dirty. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; we dive in, just remember this. Good editing&nbsp; doesn’t mean using as many effects as you can.&nbsp;&nbsp; It means using it to complement what’s being&nbsp; said in the video. So you need to resist the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge to throw in every flashy&nbsp; thing you find in the effects tab. Sometimes you need to zoom in and out&nbsp; to highlight something on the screen,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just to add a little movement to your&nbsp; video. To do that, use a transform effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; add scale and position keyframes to the&nbsp; start, move forward in the timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjust where you want the zoom to end. Sure,&nbsp; it gets the job done, but it’s not smooth at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; To make it flow better, expand the effect, and&nbsp; make the curves smoother. Much better. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's basic knowledge. To take it further, you&nbsp; need to keep the point of focus consistent in&nbsp;&nbsp; between cuts. This keeps the viewers’ eyes from&nbsp; wandering all over the place, and makes it easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch. To do that, use guides. Center point,&nbsp; eye line, but my favorite is the rule of thirds.&nbsp;&nbsp; The idea is that the main focus of each zoom&nbsp; and cut must stay at the same spot. Like this. Text in videos is a subjective choice. Some&nbsp; people never use it, some use it all over the&nbsp;&nbsp; place. Personally, I use it in 3 places. First -&nbsp; as a caption. Captions are the most obvious one,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I try not to slap them all over the video.&nbsp; Because it can become irritating to see a text&nbsp;&nbsp; pop every second throughout the entire time.&nbsp; So I use it where I talk about something&nbsp;&nbsp; important. Second - as a center text. Center text,&nbsp; is for moments where captions aren’t enough. It&nbsp;&nbsp; can have its own color, glow, or whatever makes&nbsp; it pop. Third - as a part of the video. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s text that becomes a part of the scene.&nbsp; Attached to a screen, a wall, or something in the&nbsp;&nbsp; background. Now, how do you actually create these?&nbsp; It’s simple. Click this text tool, click on the&nbsp;&nbsp; video, type something, and adjust its settings&nbsp; in the effect controls to match your channel’s&nbsp;&nbsp; brand. To give it a pop animation like you see in&nbsp; my videos, we’re gonna use the ancient technique&nbsp;&nbsp; of sensei Finzar. Take the transform effect, add&nbsp; it to the text, set a scale keyframe at the start&nbsp;&nbsp; around 70%. Then, move about 7 frames forward,&nbsp; increase the scale to 110%, move forward another&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 frames, and bring it back to 100. I smoothed out&nbsp; the keyframes, but there isn’t a big difference.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, add glow, glitch, or whatever else fits&nbsp; your style. Repeat the same for other texts as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. Looking good! To save time in the future,&nbsp; select your text and animations. Right click, and&nbsp;&nbsp; save as a preset. Next time, you can just drag and&nbsp; drop that preset to a text box, and you’re done! Obviously, using a character isn’t a must. So&nbsp; if you don’t use it, just skip this part. But&nbsp;&nbsp; if you do, here’s the process. Create a head,&nbsp; or a logo with an AI image generator. I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; video diving deeper into this matter if you’re&nbsp; interested. Once you got something you like,&nbsp;&nbsp; slap it onto a stock image, export the image,&nbsp; and add it to your video. Again, use keyframes&nbsp;&nbsp; to move it around, smooth out the keyframes, the&nbsp; same stuff. And of course, create presets to use&nbsp;&nbsp; it next time. By the way, if you’re looking to&nbsp; save time with some of these effects, I’ve put&nbsp;&nbsp; together a few of my presets for free. Link’s in&nbsp; the description if you want to check them out! You’ve probably noticed those fancy&nbsp; electric effects, dust, light leaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and other textures throughout the video.&nbsp; They’re called overlays. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; a video with black background, so that you can&nbsp; change the display mode to ‘screen’, and make&nbsp;&nbsp; it transparent. You can use them as highlighters,&nbsp; transitions, or just to make your video fancier. I mostly use light leaks for transitions,&nbsp; but there are some preset packs for changing&nbsp;&nbsp; in between scenes. Like slides, shakes,&nbsp; zooms, rotations, and things like that. I don’t go too heavy on effects, but&nbsp; when I do, my go-to options are glow,&nbsp;&nbsp; 3D, transform, blur, mosaic, and things like that. At this point, I get it. You’re probably&nbsp; overwhelmed by the things you have to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a single video. That’s normal.&nbsp; But here’s the secret. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn everything at once. Just pick&nbsp; one small thing from this tutorial,&nbsp;&nbsp; and try it in your next video. Practice&nbsp; until you’re decent at it. Then take&nbsp;&nbsp; another. Then another, then another,&nbsp; and repeat. Nobody is chasing you. Now keep in mind. Just because you can use&nbsp; an effect or a transition, doesn’t mean you&nbsp;&nbsp; should. Sometimes keeping things simple is more&nbsp; effective than using every single effect you can. But no matter how great your edit turns out,&nbsp; without proper sound effects underneath,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will feel flat, and viewers will sense&nbsp; something’s missing. There are 3 main types of&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effects. Whoosh, riser, and impact. These&nbsp; are the basics, so don’t limit yourself. Based&nbsp;&nbsp; on your video, you can throw in keyboard&nbsp; sounds, gears, memes, clicks, bomb, clock,&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much anything you can come up with. You&nbsp; can find all kinds of sound effects from youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; and paid platforms like Epidemicsound. I use a&nbsp; combination of both. Now, the technique I found&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes the process easier, is just mute&nbsp; all the other audio tracks. Watch the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and add the sound effects you think would fit&nbsp; best. May sound obvious, but when I started,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing my sound designs with voiceover&nbsp; and music enabled. It wasn’t good… And don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; be afraid to experiment and combine different&nbsp; sound effects together. It may feel too time&nbsp;&nbsp; consuming and unnecessary since you can’t&nbsp; see anything visually changing in the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sound design is literally half of the video.&nbsp; So it’s definitely worth investing time on that&nbsp;&nbsp; part. And finally, lower the volume of the&nbsp; sounds, so that they don’t become annoying. We’re almost done, but the colors look a&nbsp; bit off. To fix that, I add a lumetri color&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on each clip, and change the exposure,&nbsp; contrast, saturation, and things like that. Alright, so mastering the basics and improving in&nbsp; all those skills with every video is essential.&nbsp;&nbsp; But here's where a lot of channels fail. At&nbsp; one point, they stop trying anything new. You&nbsp;&nbsp; know the channels, where each video feels&nbsp; like the exact same copy of the last 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that’s the recipe for failure.&nbsp; Now, I have to admit something... I&nbsp;&nbsp; still don’t know 90% of the stuff in editing.&nbsp; And neither does anyone else! But the key is,&nbsp;&nbsp; are you learning with every video? If you keep&nbsp; trying new things each time, and that gap between&nbsp;&nbsp; what you know and what you don’t know will slowly&nbsp; get smaller. Sure, it will never go down to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s the point. Most people are stuck&nbsp; here forever. And even if you’re here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can overtake them just by learning with&nbsp; each video. Because most people don’t even try… Editing isn’t just what you see in tutorials.&nbsp; There’s so much out there you can improvise&nbsp;&nbsp; or learn from others. For every video I make, I&nbsp; try something new that I could not do until that&nbsp;&nbsp; point. For my first video, I didn’t know how&nbsp; to make animations, so I tried making crappy&nbsp;&nbsp; animations with Canva. For the second one,&nbsp; I tried these electricity effects. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; I used After Effects for the first time, and tried&nbsp; creating an entire storyline. The list goes on for&nbsp;&nbsp; every single video. That’s why these videos take&nbsp; so much time to create. Sometimes I spend 3 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; learning a new technique to use in a 5 second&nbsp; part of my video. Most editors just do what&nbsp;&nbsp; they already know - to be more efficient. But if&nbsp; you invest 3 hours to learn that new effect, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next time that 3 hours will become 1 hour. Then&nbsp; 30 minutes, 10 minutes, then just a few minutes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And once an impossible effect will become an&nbsp; ordinary thing. That’s how I learn to edit better… Sounds cool, right? But sometimes, well, most&nbsp; of the times, things don’t go as planned… How’s the masterpiece coming along? Almost done. Just adding some final touches.&nbsp; You know, little details to make it perfect. Dude, you said the same thing&nbsp; last week. And the week before… Just a few more tweaks, okay? Trust me.&nbsp; It’s gonna be the ultimate tutorial. Alright, man. But remember, sometimes&nbsp; ‘done’ is better than ‘perfect’. Oh. You sound like an AI&nbsp; generated motivational video. Just don’t get lost in details, okay? Alright, don’t worry about me. So I kept editing, applied everything I learned,&nbsp;&nbsp; even researched new techniques to take my&nbsp; video a step further. Every day, it felt&nbsp;&nbsp; like the video was getting better and better. But&nbsp; after a while, something started to feel… wrong… What the f… is going on?! Almost 60 days had passed, and I&nbsp; was still editing the same video. Wanna grab some drink? It… it feels like I’m stuck in&nbsp; a loop that will never end. What&nbsp;&nbsp; should I do? Isn’t there a tutorial for this? I mean, you’re the one&nbsp; that’s making tutorials here. You know, I’ve been watching you since&nbsp; the beginning of your journey. Do you&nbsp;&nbsp; know what your weakness is? You think&nbsp; that you can learn everything just by&nbsp;&nbsp; watching a tutorial about it. But&nbsp; there isn’t a tutorial for this. So, am I gonna stuck here? Look, I’m not an editor, but let me tell you&nbsp; what I know. That's the thing about anything&nbsp;&nbsp; creative you do. It’s never done. You can&nbsp; always improve it. Add a new effect. Create&nbsp;&nbsp; a better animation. Find better music. Tell&nbsp; a better story. It’s a cycle that never ends… So, how do I escape? Maybe you just need to say it’s good enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; take a deep breath, and press&nbsp; publish. It's good enough. Yeah, I still couldn’t fully overcome&nbsp; my perfectionism, but I’m trying my&nbsp;&nbsp; best. Even if it’s not flawless, it’s&nbsp; still gonna help someone out there. More than you know. Sometimes it’s better to&nbsp; see the process. Not only the right things,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the mistakes as well.&nbsp; That’s what makes it real. Dude, I didn’t finish my motivational speech… Don’t worry… They get it… Alright, whatever… I know, some of you were probably expecting some&nbsp; kind of secret technique that I use to make my&nbsp;&nbsp; edits stand out. While making this video, I&nbsp; thought about this a lot. But the truth is,&nbsp;&nbsp; such a technique doesn’t exist. I can’t&nbsp; fully explain how I edited those videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The only technique was to keep learning new&nbsp; things each time. Combine different styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; draw inspirations, break the&nbsp; rules, and add something from… you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dorar-wa-rodod [1 likes]: 12:24 vibing to akaza ost 🔥🔥
  2. @IsaacVargas-c3i [1 likes]: Eh yo también me llamo Isaac
  3. @squadistaken: Türkçe çeviri 0.55 MUAZZAM OLMUŞ :D :D
  4. @SelamCahiller: ONUR NACİ :d
  5. @junaidkhoda: Nice 👍
  6. @yahyazadeTvo: ruhi çenet ve onurnaci detayları çok iyi
  7. @kinili58: @spunkram
  8. @FURYxPulsar: Onur naci öztürkler :) olmana gerek yok diyoor
  9. @ControSapiensOfficial: Suuuuuuuuuuu.....😂
  10. @HazeOsu: Thanks man, this video maybe not a fully usefull tutorial for me but its a good reminder for me, well now i know maybe what i need is not "perfect" but "It's good enough" big thanks man
  11. @dr_Fess: This is too good ,you deserve 100 Million subs 💯
  12. @muanyaking: Finzar mentioned 🎉😂
  13. @dorar-wa-rodod: What a great video!
  14. @Langkahmu-sekarang: This tutorial? ... Ah maybe this cinema , best cinema I found in yt ❤❤
  15. @soaresilva2k: That was one of the shortest videos I've ever seen—let me check if it's really 60 seconds long...
  16. @Fuzzey-DarkAndDarker: Man thanks for this video. I just recently started this bs channel about a tiny ass vid game. I only did it to overcome my destructive  perfectionism. I ve been depressed for 5 years and recently "snapped" out of it. For me the better i got the more i hated myself for failing not reaching the level i thought ive already reached. Seeing 1000 people clicked on my dumb ass video i was cutting while having a smoke and laughs with the boys on discord truely opened my eyes. Ppl want authenticity. This video of yours was authentic af my man. Shout out for that❤
I will start another channel for my real life stuff like crafts as knife and furniture making, sewing and cooking, some short docus and philosophy which helped me form a healthier mindset and way of thinking about my miserable self😂 im about to embrace the cringe and process of failing. Why act as if im the best while im definently not. I will buy a cam this month and start recording. My channel name will maybe be hermes if thats not already taken (pretty sure it is tho😅) if you wanna se me struggle and lose fingers or nerves. Until then thanks for the vid and wish you great fun
  17. @turkcipitiofficial: turkish dub added.
  18. @Mr.MaskedGamingOfficial: yeah same i espected a tutorial and got a boring ai scripted movie
  19. @Generic_mann: Bro made a short film on how to make cool edits ... Absolute cinema 😭🙌❤💐
  20. @rdx7ip: 🇧🇷

- How to Make VIRAL Psychology Videos (Faceless & Beginner Friendly): Kind: captions Language: en Psychology videos are absolutely blowing up right now on YouTube shorts and Tik Tok. We're talking millions of views on completely faceless channels. And the craziest [music] part, these videos are way easier to make than most people think. Once your channel is monetized, they can start generating real income for you. So, in this video, I'll show you two different psychology video styles that are working right now, and I'll walk you through exactly how to [music] create them step by step. No experience needed. Let's get straight into it. All right, let's start with a classic psychology wisdom edit inspired by Greek mythology and philosophy. The first thing we need is the script. Go to chat GPT and type something like, "Give me a 30-cond engaging script based on Greek mythology." If you want to make this even easier, you can also check the free Google doc linked in the description. You can simply copy the prompt generator there and instantly get a fully optimized, readyto-use script. Once you have the script, copy it and head over to 11 Labs. Choose a fitting voice, ideally a male voice that sounds older, calm, and authoritative. Something that really fits the philosophical tone. Paste in your script. Click [music] generate speech and download the audio. Now, we need the visuals. Go to Pinterest and search for philosophy aesthetic. Pick around five images that match the Greek mythology vibe and the overall mood. Then, search for [music] Greek philosopher and download one image of a philosopher. We'll use that later. Next, open Cap Cut and import your voice over, all the images, and an additional black square shape. Set your aspect ratio to 9 to6 since this is for Tik Tok and YouTube shorts. Place your voice over on the timeline. Then add all the Pinterest images underneath it. Now, place the black square on a track above the images and stretch it across the entire timeline. Duplicate it so you have two black squares. Position one square on the top half of the screen and the other on the bottom half, each covering exactly 50%. At the very beginning, add key frames to both squares. Then jump to around 8 seconds and move one square up and the other one down. This creates a smooth opening animation where the image underneath slowly gets revealed. Now go back to the background images and cut them very short around 0.1 seconds each so they switch rapidly in the background. Duplicate these images again and again until your entire timeline is filled. Next, add the image of the philosopher. In my case, I'm using an Aristotle sculpture. And place it above the background visuals. Now it's time for captions. If you don't have Cap Cut Pro, just use any free subtitle generator. Choose a clean font, add a slight shadow, place the captions in the center, and apply a simple animation like bounce in. After that, select all the background images, create a compound clip, go to adjust, and lower the saturation to [music] around minus 25. This makes the background less distracting and keeps the focus on the voice and the text. The final step is background music. For short form videos, a slowed version of something like washing machine heart works really well. Since this is a long- form video, I can't use copyright sounds. That's why I will use for Elise piano version by Beethoven, which also works well. On Tik Toks and shorts, you can use any sounds. Add the music, cut it to match the video length, and balance the volume. Export the video and that's the first style done. >> 6 hours of sleep [music] for a man, seven for a woman, and eight for a fool. Sleep is not rest. It is command. Cut sleep short, [music] you borrow power. >> Now, let's move on to the second style. Psychology facts with engaging animations. Again, we start with the script. Go back to the Google doc and copy the second prompt or simply ask chatgpt, "Give me a psychology fact script for a Tik Tok video. Copy the script and head back to 11 Labs. Paste the text. Choose a fitting voice. I'm using the Lauren voice here. Generate the voice over and download it. Next, we need visuals. You have several good options. You can go to Pixabay and search for terms like psychology. You'll find visual effects and animations that work perfectly for this style. You can also use Pinterest and search for things like brainwork. There are a lot of high-quality animations that fit psychology content really well. Another option is using an AI tool like Sora to generate custom 3D animations, for example, a brain with colors, motion, and depth. And this part is extremely important. The more effort you put into your visuals, especially if you use good AI tools [music] and strong prompts, the better your videos will perform. Always invest time into your visuals. Now, let's build the video. Open Cap Cut and import your visuals and your voice over. Place everything on the timeline and cut the visuals so they match the voice over perfectly. While I'm doing that, let me quickly tell you about 365 Arc, my private community. It's a place where I help beginners grow on YouTube and Tik Tok step by step. I help you with editing, content strategy, and consistency. We do live calls and you even get one-on-one chat access with me. Right now, it's only $20. And you might be thinking, if this guy can make money himself, why would he sell mentoring? The answer is simple. I do YouTube and Tik Tok full-time, and most of my income already comes from that. Since I'm working on my computer anyway, helping you guys doesn't really take extra time, but it can save you months of trial and error. If that sounds interesting, check the link in the description. All right, back to the video. Now, we need to create the captions. Again, if you don't have Cap Cut Pro, just use a free subtitle generator. Choose a clean font. Add a nice animation and apply a stroke effect so the text pops more. Then add background music. Almost any sound works here as long as it fits the psychology theme. Cut the music right where the video ends. At this point, you could already export the video, but let me quickly show you an alternative background visual style. Go to Pinterest and search for images related to your topic. For example, mind drifting. Download a few images. Add them to Cap Cut. Arrange them properly so the images fit the voice over. For example, if it is talking about a brain, you show an image of a brain. Then we need to create a compound clip of all the images. Then go to effects and add something subtle like [music] a chromatic effect or a light glitch. The script, subtitles, and music stay exactly the same. Export the video and now you have two different versions of the same content. >> Have you ever wondered why your mind drifts even when you're [music] trying to focus? It's not random. It's how your brain works. You're the one who spaces [music] out during small talk. >> If you want more tutorials like this, comment what kind of videos you want me to break down next. And if you found this helpful, make sure to like the video and subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SibiIsOnline [8 likes]: How to find viral niche for free (beginners) ❤
  2. @ryvahn [1 likes]: Check out my community: https://www.skool.com/shorts-lab-1742/about
  3. @ViralDose-05 [1 likes]: you deserve million views
  4. @ShaharGaming [1 likes]: hello, can you make a video on how to find a viral niche?
  5. @Persona-Life-1: thank you >>> i make my own style hop you enjoy it
  6. @balltalk3: Great
  7. @cosmicabyss-k8d: Can't find the Google doc
  8. @Riseandinspire-f3k: But Pinterest is copyrighted
  9. @fandreia5428: Amazing but too advanced for me. I need to help to create psychiatry videos
  10. @Enoch_me: Very informative 👍
  11. @tomreacts-n4n: Cool
  12. @goodmoment-m8q: This is very Good, thank you ❤
  13. @creativepluse12: lest go
  14. @CatLeon9: ❤❤❤
  15. @curiosity-driven-z: 20 dollars life time or monthly?
  16. @dr.phantom0: please tell me how i can earn money with music deal yt shortss
  17. @SheziAutomation: Impressive ❤
  18. @punne.01: Please best soccer edits on capcut detailed video with best editng plx
  19. @SoocaEdits: please bro
  20. @SoocaEdits: yo can u please help me find viral soccer edits like hoanftbl

- What are the psychological effects of being a "kid influencer"?: Kind: captions Language: en all right moving on the growing popularity of so-called kid influencers is raising questions about the potential impact of sharing children's lives online these social media stars promote products on Instagram and make millions posting short video blogs known as vlogs a recent study found about one in three American kids between the ages of eight and twelve aspire to be either a vlogger or a youtuber Forbes reports the highest-paid YouTube star last year with seven-year-old Ryan who earned twenty-two million dollars in just 12 months people he hosts a popular toy review channel on the site the latest CBS n original kid influencers few rules big money looks inside the estimated 4.6 billion dollar influencer business it includes interviews with families of these young influencers it's a lot of work it's a full-time job but it's not really a job because they're having fun my mom's here cuz because we're shooting on the East Coast and she's from the East Coast she comes along but she's skeptical because it's all like it was for us maybe this is my fourth or fifth shoot it gives them a lot of great opportunities I see them being able to relate to adults and experiencing things that I could never even imagine so it's kind of a great thing in that respect but I don't know the other side of it I don't know what how that's going to influence them as they get older I would say that I do share the concerns that my mom has but not so she's very dramatic they're little girls I want them to stay like that psychiatrist dr. sue Varma is here with the biggest issues for these social media stars and whether your kids should be following them online good morning so there are the kids who are in the videos and then there are the kids who are watching them for the kids who are in the videos are there psychological risks for parents putting them out there like that children that are social media stars are contending with all of the social pressures of being children in a digital age combined with being a child star and we know that child stars are more likely to have anxiety depression substance issues later on in life because they're dealing with their sense of self-esteem being linked to public approval career success right and the hits and the likes and there's an intoxication there's a almost like an addiction to it and they don't have the coping skills to deal with failure and disappointment there are rules for kids who work on a film or TV set but but there aren't really rules for this are there no and it's really concerning because anytime you have a family business look the child in this case is the product right when does it end it's a 24/7 job and I'm concerned about where two parents who have to gain financially from this how do they set the rules and I'm troubled by this because the intrusive nature it's 24/7 and the parents are supposed to be protecting them in this case are obviously over sharing sometimes although to be fair that many of the parents say look we're making a lot of money but kids cost a lot of money and this is going to college and everything else so is that a good counterpoint no you know I I don't think so I think that parents have to be the ones to protect their kids and the problem is that right now in a digital age to achieve success it is with endless and merciless and where are we going to teach our kids the values right this is really promoting instant gratification at the expense I think of substance and depth and these kids don't have any other experience this is all that they know because some of these kids are babies that are having to be posted online and you probably get that validation from the likes and all of that but what about the other kids who are watching these videos and idolizing these kids that look like their lives are perfect what's the impact on them yeah so the kids we have to make people realize that our sense of mastery and self-esteem has to come from a variety of things sports leadership in the community leadership in your schools this is not the be-all and end-all and I'm concerned when more kids want to be youtubers as opposed to astronauts and the fact that we are letting our kids have too much screen time kids when they're spending time with other children should not be on their screen they should be outside playing this it is a form of bringing people together but it's not the only form all right dr. sue Varma thanks so much for being with us this morning you can watch the latest CBS n originals documentary kid in fluids influencers few rules big money streaming now on CBS news.com slash influencers

  Top Comments:
  1. @RocioNicte [19 likes]: Good video, but it should have been longer. Like, make a documentary or something deeper about this topic. It is very interesting and still not fully explored.
  2. @missld6856 [18 likes]: Think of what happens to child stars when they grow up. I think the psychological damage will affect them in the same detrimental way. Think about it. It's sad, there will be a huge wave of children that grew up in this generation that were social media stars that will commit suicide, depression, it's sad that the damage is coming for many generations that put their children behind the social media stardom.
  3. @michaelray9113 [12 likes]: Let kids be kids not greedy millionaires
  4. @eloisaduarte2954 [8 likes]: Jesus they’re little girls....not adults, the clothes were way above their age
  5. @kingcrimson1916 [8 likes]: I just want my kids to be the greats of having their name in the history books. Not an influencer. Like I want more kids to be the first to make it In space exploration. Discovering another livable planet and better technology.  But hey, each to their own.
  6. @stacifitzpatrick3607 [4 likes]: This is sad to hear that's how you feel about this.  There's pros and cons... It can be a hobby, not replacing education and values..
  7. @keirancollier8836 [3 likes]: Ryans parents have 100% ripped him off. The money and content will belong to them and he will get nothing , he may not even be paid anything ever
  8. @boilingtea4742 [3 likes]: How about school
  9. @fuzzypanda1684 [2 likes]: The psychological effects are that they'll grow up thinking that success and making tremendous amounts of money is easy.  They'll be convinced that their success is due to their "hard work", and will never understand that it's actually due to them being insanely, unbelievably, unfathomably LUCKY.  

As a result they'll view normal people as lazy because it came so easily to them, and they were wealthy before their 10th birthday.  So if you're not rich, it's obviously because you're lazy.  They'll never understand that they are part of the 0.0000001% of people who are as lucky as lottery winners.
  10. @johnnyreb2360 [2 likes]: Well, elsewhere in the world parents sell their young children into prostitution! So I guess  this is innocent enough! But there is a line here and on the other side of that line it is a very dark place! If parents are not careful they can very easily step over that line!
  11. @odiverse5569 [1 likes]: “The children of a country living in the epicenter of conflict find themselves in the hands of a lying, hypocritical world that looks at them as tools to keep the line in place.” Behind a curtain under the name of religious wars, their little hearts carry the burden of greed and neglect, and they need voices that raise the slogan of humanity.  to protect them and help them build again.  "❤❤
  12. @bellestamperkruse1106: This is soooo incredibly gross. This is adults with extreme ego and self esteem issues living vicariously and dangerously through their children. It’s child abuse. This is literally just child abuse and there is no one advocating for these kids at all. It’s a bunch of Stanley cup carrying trend following Becky’s who could never accept the fact that they aren’t actually special after they plateaued in high school because they started using makeup to cover up their low self esteem in middle school. Gross. gross awful parents who are validating their fuckery with the opinion of a child they’re supposed to be teaching and protecting.
  13. @ayodari_style: My 7 year old child asked for a YouTube account to do videos-I told him absolutely not.
  14. @ixd_2027: i find this very wrong. you put your children out there. they are an easy target and dont know about bad things and people out there. also thinking about morals, it is wrong. it feels just wrong. no matter the money.
  15. @snehakoshti1042: I am from India and i did type this heading on YouTube search i found only this video. Its sad to see YouTube kids parents having more kids to make more money. Its it should be other way parents making money and talking care of a kid.
  16. @Lisa-vk1ey: I’m worried for these children. What is wrong with their parents?
  17. @itsjo1301: Ferran from.Royalty family. There s a lot of problems: Bygamia, parental alienation, he works for 10 hours. 
his real father is Pierre Lepine. follow his youtube
  18. @Wheezr: A N  I N F L U E N C E R
  19. @P2Feener305: I’m confused who pays that kid???
  20. @mozamotors: Testimonial advertising.

- How to Make Viral Commentary Videos (Step-by-Step Tutorial 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most of you have probably seen this kind of reel before. A video with a funny voiceover explaining what's happening filled with catchy captions, emojis, and sound effects that keep you hooked. That's called the commentary niche. And here's the best part. It never dies. It's an evergreen niche. Anyone who learns how to do it right can grow fast and win big on platforms like YouTube Shorts or Tik Tok. But maybe you've been wondering, how do people actually make these videos? Or maybe you've even tried copying another channel's video script or voiceover just to see if it works. Don't worry, you're not alone. Everyone starts somewhere. But after watching this video, you won't be the same creator you are right now because today I'm going to show you exactly how these kinds of videos are made step by step. Here's what we'll cover. How to find your perfect niche. Yes, commentary has many powerful subniches you can dominate. How to find viral videos that actually get views. How to craft the best storytelling script to keep viewers watching till the end. How to create an AI generated realistic voiceover that sounds amazing. And finally, how to edit your video in Cap Cut easily, even if you're a complete beginner. And guess what? If you stay until the end, I'll give you my arrow effects, red circle overlays, and sound effects completely free. Just watch till the end and I'll show you exactly where to get them. You can literally call this a full miniourse on the commentary niche. Oh, and one more thing. Our team includes several skilled short form editors and creators who specialize in this type of content and more. So, if you ever need help with your channel, whether it's editing, content creation, or strategy, just send a message to this email. We'll help you take your channel to the next level. Let's dive into one of the most underrated yet powerful things that can make your content blow up. Finding the right subniche. Most people approach this the wrong way. when they decide to start making content, they just open Tik Tok or YouTube shorts, scroll for hours, and whenever they find a viral video, they download it, copy it, and try to recreate it. Now, there's nothing wrong with being inspired by viral content. But the problem is that most creators do it without any clear nature strategy. They're just picking random clips and hoping one of them goes viral. That's like throwing darts blindfolded and hoping to hit the bullseye. Here's the truth. You don't need to go on a long hunt for your perfect subniche. It's already inside you. Every one of us has something we're naturally curious about or passionate about. Maybe it's soccer, fashion, tech gadgets, funny pets, or motivational stories. Let's take soccer as an example. If you're a soccer fan, you already have an advantage. You know the players, the rivalries, the biggest leagues, the underrated teams, and even the behind-the-scenes stories. That's gold. You're 10 times more likely to create better content in that area because you understand the culture, the jokes, and the emotions behind it. When you create content from your real interest, no one can beat you because your passion gives you authenticity, something people can instantly feel through the screen. Before you start, ask yourself honestly, what kind of content would I still enjoy making? Even if it didn't go viral right away. If you choose a niche just because it looks profitable or trending, you'll probably quit after your second or third video. That's exactly what happens to most beginners. They copy random clips they don't even understand, hoping to get quick results and then give up when it doesn't work. But when you work within your true interest, you'll stay consistent. And consistency is what builds viral channels. Let's take a look at a few creators who mastered the art of subniching and turned their passion into massive success. The first example is a channel called I am Babpool. This creator built his entire channel around one theme, Marvel movies. Every single video he makes is connected to that universe. From actor stories and movie mistakes to behind the scenes facts and fan theories. He doesn't post random viral clips. He sticks to one subniche and builds depth within it. And if you look at his stats, it's paying off. He averages over 2 million views per video. That's the power of focusing on what you love. He's not just chasing views. He's creating from genuine passion. His obsession with Marvel turned into a brand, and that brand now earns him real money. You can do the same thing. If you're obsessed with Avatar, Stranger Things, or any other movie series, you can build your own community around that. People love creators who share their same obsession. It creates instant connection and loyalty. The second example is a channel called Inface Diary. This channel absolutely dominates the pet niche. Each video features adorable pet clips paired with engaging voiceovers and storytelling. The creator doesn't even film the animals. She just collects and narrate existing videos in a unique, emotional way. And the results, an average of over 11 million views per video. That's insane. Think about that. The creator is simply adding a creative voiceover to other people's content. Yet, the value they add makes all the difference. That's the secret to success in subniches. You don't need to reinvent the wheel. You just need to bring your own voice, your style, and your storytelling to it. So, whether your passion is in pets, sports, movies, or travel, pick your lane, study what works, and make it yours. Once you've identified your subniche, it's time to find viral content videos within it. The simplest way is to train your algorithm. Go to Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts and start watching videos only from your chosen niche. like, comment, and save a few that perform well. After a few minutes or hours, the algorithm will start feeding you the best and most viral content related to your niche. This step is important because you're building your personal inspiration feed. Now, here's a secret that most people don't talk about. Instead of only taking ideas from short form videos, go watch full YouTube videos in your niche. Why? Because 99% of your competitors are only taking ideas from shorts or reals. When you watch long videos, you can find viral moments or stories that no one else has clipped yet. Those moments can become your unique short form content that nobody's seen before. Now that you have your viral video idea, let's talk about how to write a powerful commentary script. If you're a natural storyteller or writer, great. Write it yourself. But if you're not confident in your writing, don't worry. There's a smarter way. Here's the trick. Before you ask AI to write your script, you should first describe what's happening in the video in your own words. Open a Google doc and write down what you see, not as a script, but as a simple explanation. For example, watch this video. >> All right, Brody. I just got new clippers, so screams. All right. >> All right. All good. >> Yeah. All right, bro. All done. >> Thank you. >> So, for this, a guy is getting a haircut and the barber tells him to scream if it hurts. But the way he screams is so dramatic that it becomes hilarious. That's not a perfect script, and it doesn't need to be. It's just the raw idea of what's happening. Once you've written that, copy your text and paste it into Chat GPT or any AI writing tool with this prompt. I'm creating short commentary videos. Here's a simple explanation of what's happening in my clip. Please turn this into a powerful narration script with a strong hook, smooth flow, and satisfying payoff. Here's my draft. Then paste your text here. When you do this, AI will transform your rough idea into a polished, engaging script that feels like something you'd hear in a viral short. Remember the hook in the first 3 seconds is everything. That's what makes people stop scrolling. So, make sure your AI generated script starts with something curious, funny, or emotional. Something that instantly grabs attention. Now that your script is ready, you need a voice over to bring it to life. If you have a good microphone and a clear voice, go ahead and record it yourself. It adds authenticity. But if you're not comfortable speaking or your accent doesn't match the tone you want, AI voiceovers can help a lot. There are many AI tools out there, but one of the best and most realistic ones is 11 Labs. I've personally used it for years and it keeps improving. Even its free version sounds professional. Link in the description. Here's how to use it. Go to the text to speech section. Paste your script. Before generating, choose your favorite voice. You can experiment. They have voices that sound human, emotional, and natural. You can even clone your own voice or your favorite creator's tone if you want. For this example, let's use one of the default voices, Mark. Once you paste your script and hit generate, you'll have a clean, realistic voice over that's ready to use in your video. By the way, this isn't a promo, just a personal recommendation from my experience, and an affiliate. Now you have everything you need. Your subniche, a viral video idea, a professional script, a realistic AI voiceover. The final step is to edit them together in a way that keeps people watching. Before I start editing, I want to give you the red circle arrow and sound effects pack that I promised earlier. To get the pack, I've uploaded all the assets to my Discord server in the assets channel. So, join our free Discord server and download them from there. You can find the server link in my bio and I'll also put it in the description. The server is completely free and you'll find tons of useful stuff there including job opportunities and many other resources. Now, let's start editing. Open Cap Cut PC, then import your video voice over and the packs you downloaded. First, let's make the interface optimized for vertical editing. To do that, click the button in the top right corner. Then, select add to vertical. Once you do this, your interface will look like this. Now, drag your video and voice over to the timeline. The first thing you should do is cut out the silent parts of your voice over so it flows smoothly. Next, as you can see, there's some text on the video. we need to blur it. To do that, go to the effects tab and search for blur. Drag and drop the blur effect onto your video. At this point, the whole video will be blurred. But we only want to blur the text. To fix that, click the blur effect on the video. Then open the mask option. Click add mask. Move the blur area over the text. Adjust the size and blur only the text part. Now let's add captions. Go to the captions button on the top. Then click generate. Caputs AI will automatically generate captions for you. Once it's done, move the first caption to the center. When you move it, all the captions will move together because that option is enabled. Now, adjust the captions manually if needed since Cap Cut might make small positioning mistakes. Next, we need to choose the best caption style since this is a short video. Click the first caption and go to templates. You'll find tons of amazing templates here. It's absolutely insane. Choose your favorite one that fits your video's vibe. For now, I'll pick this one because it looks fast and engaging. When I click it, it automatically applies to all captions. As you can see, it gave me perfect captions in just a minute. Now, let's add a red circle or arrow effect at the beginning to hook viewers attention. Pick one you like from the pack you downloaded. For background music, go to pixabay.com. Click on music and search for something that fits your video's mood. For this tutorial, I'll use this funny track. Download it. Import it into Cap Cut and drag it to the bottom of the timeline. Adjust the audio levels and boom, you're done. Here's what the final video looks like. >> So, this guy's getting a haircut, right? And the barber tells him, "If it hurts, just scream. Sounds simple until you hear the scream." clippers, so scream if it hurts. All right. All right. Thank you. I know it looks effortless, but I made this video just to show you how these types of videos are created. When you make your own, add your creativity, editing style, and personal touch. If you're wondering how many views this video got, here's the result. I posted this video 15 hours ago, and it reached over 22,000 views. Pretty good, right? I made this just to show you the process. There's no special trick here, but it still has the potential to go viral. Now, imagine if you put in more creativity and effort. How many views could you get? If you watched until now, congratulations. You're a real creator, someone who takes YouTube seriously and puts in the time. I'm 100% sure you enjoyed this tutorial, so please leave a like and hit the subscribe button. And if you're stuck in a view jail, click this next video. It has already helped thousands of creators.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Creatie [27 likes]: Did you enjoy this video? please like and subs the channel
Free discord community; discord.gg/KwbYBNHHt8
  2. @MonicaBlancheBustillo [1 likes]: New content creators gather up ❤🎉
  3. @Xenoshortzz [1 likes]: W Video thank you, tryna grow
  4. @TheConversational [1 likes]: “Hello bro, do USA commentary Shorts work on Facebook too?
Do they get views?
And can you earn money from them?”
  5. @pikopizza [1 likes]: 0:53 and how did you make me watch your video ?
  6. @FrameR15: The help you said will it free 😑🧐🤨
  7. @Soothingmind-k3i: good explanation. thanks ✌
  8. @Plot-Nexus: To be sincere if we just follow one another we can all become monetized ❤❤❤
  9. @mambafx.millions: awesome!
  10. @GrowthMoneyPlug: wow thanks!
  11. @Isayas-p7m: Thank you so much 🙏🙏
  12. @VisuallyHuman123: nice
  13. @MysticGreenPaws: Waht is with copyright
  14. @ReaLorevault: Wow men this unlock a lot for me
  15. @UnscriptedUSA-m4d: ❤
  16. @Studio81000: i believe
  17. @Shortshorts10000: lets get this smoney!
  18. @Chaos-FD: nice
  19. @obeyava: There Copyright?
  20. @GizmoGlean: TIA BRUH

- Make Viral Psychology Videos with FREE AI Tools (Full Guild): Kind: captions Language: en This psychology channel is making anywhere from $1 to $17,000 every month by just posting these faceless psychology videos. And the craziest part is that this channel was just started 5 months ago and has already racked up 147,000 subscribers. And this is not just luck. There's a system behind it. A repeatable strategic process that blends storytelling, emotion, and AI tools in a way that resonates [music] with people all over the world. And in this video, I'll show you exactly how to create these type of videos using 100% [music] free tools. And not just that, I'll expose the exact strategy this channel uses. From finding the right viral topics to writing engaging scripts to generating these exact visuals and editing videos that actually keep people watching till the end. But before we dive in, do me a quick favor and like [music] this video and subscribe to the channel for more videos like this. Now, let's get started. First, we'll analyze this niche and take inspiration from a reference channel. Now, copy the channel's information. Paste it into ChatGpt and say, "Analyze this channel." ChatGPT will break down their views, topics, niche, and strategy. Once it's done, tell ChatGpt to give me topics related to this channel. It will then go ahead and give us a list of topics we can work with. Now comes the most important part, the script. Your script decides whether viewers connect or click away. In the psychology niche, your audience watches to feel understood. So, if your script sounds robotic, your video won't perform. You need to write in a way that feels human, emotional, and relatable. To do this, take two or three transcripts from your reference channels popular videos and give them to ChatGpt. This helps it learn the writing style, tone, and pacing. Once Chat GPT has an idea of what we want, I will now give it this prompt to generate the script. And you can take a screenshot of it [music] or comment the word prompt, and I will send it to you. Now copy one of the topic chat GPT gave us and paste it in this bracket and hit enter. Chat GPT will now give you the script we want. Next step is getting the visuals and to get similar animation styles like this channel. All you need to do is to take screenshot from their videos and give them to chat GPT. Then tell it to analyze the visual styles of these images. It will then analyze the image and tell us the style of the animation. Now let's ask for those exact images. Here's what to tell chat GPT. I will send you one paragraph or one line from my script at a time and you need to give me a prompt for that including black and white. So you just copy some lines from your script and give them to chat GPT. ChatGpt will give you a prompt for those lines. You should keep saving each prompt into a Google document. Then take the next lines from your script, give them to chat GPT and it will again give you prompts. This way you'll generate prompts for your entire script. Once you've generated all the prompts, it's time to create the images. For that you need to go to Google AI Studio and choose the nano banana option. Now paste the prompt you generated from chat GPT and hit run. And in no time the images will be generated. Now repeat the process until you have fully generated all the images. But there is one problem with the images. It doesn't fit the 16x9 aspect ratio. And to fix that just upload the image you generated. Then upload a blank 16x9 image and give it this prompt. Then the AI will automatically fit the image [music] to match the aspect ratio. Now the next step is animating the images. Now to transform our images into videos. I will be using Gro AI. From the dashboard, select the imaging option on the left side. Then upload your image. In just a few seconds, the image will get a normal animation added to it. Now let's upload another image. And here's the result. In this way, you can keep generating videos one by one and downloading them until you get the whole [music] video. Now the last thing we need to create the final video is the voice over. And for that I will be using minimax audio. Now navigate to the voice library on the left menu. Now search for a voice that will suit this niche and I will be picking this voice called wise scholar. After that click on the texttospech option [music] and then paste in the script we generated from chat GPT and hit on generate to create the voice. Once it's done generating just click on download to save the voice over to your computer. Now we have collected all the material to create a final video. Now is now time to edit everything. And for that I will be using Cap Cut but you can use any editing software you like. First upload all your materials into Cap Cut. Then drag the voiceover track into the timeline. You can adjust its volume as per your requirement. After that arrange all the videos one by one in the timeline according to the script. You can increase the video length by slowing down the speed so it syncs properly with the script. In the same way adjust all the videos in the timeline. Next go to effects and under the retro section, select noise 2 or noise. Apply it across the entire video to give it a subtle cinematic texture. [music] Then add transitions between your clips. Use simple ones like black, fade, mix, or dissolve. Now go to text and generate auto captions for the entire video. Choose a simple animated font from the templates, something that looks minimal and easy to read. Finally, add sad background music to make your video more emotional and engaging. You can find plenty of free music in the YouTube audio library. Just make sure you don't use copyrighted tracks. And that's it, guys. Your video is ready. Just click export and download it to your computer. This is exactly how you can create psychology niche videos using free AI tools and even start earning from them on YouTube. I worked really hard to find this niche and show you the complete process. So, if you found it helpful, don't forget to like this video, subscribe, and leave a comment below telling me what topic you'd like to see next. Now, let's take a look at the demo video we just created. Women are naturally more attuned to emotional signals. [music] From birth, the female brain develops stronger connections between the amygdala, the emotion center, and the prefrontal cortex, the area that reads behavior. That means [music] she doesn't manipulate with words. She manipulates with feelings. A silence that makes you anxious, a sigh that makes you question yourself, a [music] tear that changes your tone. She reads you, mirrors your emotions, [music] and then ever so slightly shifts them in her favor. Not always out of malice. [music] Sometimes it's survival, sometimes it's instinct, but the effect is always the same. [music] You start reacting to her emotions instead of your logic. Every act of female manipulation triggers a reward loop in your brain. [music] She gives attention, dopamine rises, she withdraws it, dopamine crashes. You chase the high [music] again. This push and pull dynamic mimics addiction behavior. You stop focusing on what's right or wrong. You just want the

  Top Comments:
  1. @SungJinwooGAMING-c7b [2 likes]: Small YouTubers, let's gather here 🥰💯
  2. @playkids4: nice
  3. @InnerMetric-l2c: IT cost money to use grok
  4. @junaidamin501: Is this method Inauthentic content ? Or not?
  5. @DipanshiRathee-v6f1b: Grok ai is not free😭🥲
  6. @cmx-h5i: Nice...❤️
  7. @bigbenofficials: ❤
  8. @TheHonestMind1512: I’ve been stuck in a rut and this video hit a nerve. The honesty and pacing helped, but it also reminded me how far I feel from that confidence. Still, the tips were practical — I’ll try one this week.
  9. @antonioredondo7134: Good video. Thanks
  10. @Financewithvisionmode: https://youtu.be/3m2iy3NnmVo?si=TEZe87MlAMf9NV7u
  11. @Financewithvisionmode: https://youtu.be/3m2iy3NnmVo?si=TEZe87MlAMf9NV7u
  12. @UcheNna-z1n: Great
  13. @ARcadeXZone: The video was going great until the merging process in Capcut. All the apps you used are paid, so I got stuck during the merging phase in Capcut. But it was still a helpful video. Maybe I'll make more videos like this in the future.😔🤕
  14. @joed5444: good
  15. @UnveiledMind-w3u: prompt please ❤
  16. @negocioshistoricostv: voy a hacerlo a ver como me va en 1 semana vuelvo
  17. @Psychologicaloverview1: a master piece
  18. @RuthGodwin-v4w3s: Good video
  19. @thiagobcs1: prompt
  20. @DarkMindCore1: Its not easy

- How to Upload YouTube VIdeos to get more VIEWS: Kind: captions Language: en you could be missing out on a ton of views simply because you are not uploading your YouTube videos the right way my goal for you is that by the end of this video you have a short quick simple checklist so that you can always upload your videos the right way in a small amount of time and this is day nine of my YouTube challenge where I have challenged myself to upload a video every day and I'm inviting you to do the same you don't have to upload every day but you can use my videos to help you get your channel up and running or breathe some life back into it step one on our uploading checklist is something most creators don't do even though it can get them a lot more views because most creators don't know about this but the catch is you have to do this before you add your video to your channel because once it is uploaded you cannot change this let me show you what I mean by using an old video of mine as an example you see right over here where it says file name that right there three steps does not help the algorithm know what my video is about it also does not help Google know what this video is about because if you are more strategic with your file name you are more likely to show up in search not only on YouTube but also on Google but I can't change this it's too late it's already been done now you don't need to necessarily use the exact title of the video for this file name but you can but what you need to do is before you ever upload that video change the file name to a title that has keywords and it describes what it is that you're actually talking about one way to come up with a title is to put in the keywords that your video is about so let's say it is empty nest syndrome now you can look at all of the Search terms that people are using when they search this topic let's say it's about emptiness syndrome for single moms then I want to look for videos that did well here's one with 2,000 views and when we look at it she only has 302 subscribers so that video did really well for her and the title was how to prepare for an empty nest as a single parent hello so prepare for an empty nest and single parent those are all keywords that tells the algorithm exactly what this video is about you could actually use that title for the title of your video but definitely you could use this for the file name of your video as you can see on my video from yesterday I have changed the file name right here uploading daily for 7 Days change my YouTube but the next thing you need to do on your checklist is you also have to change the file name of your thumbnail again you can't do that once it's been uploaded so it has to happen before you upload your thumbnail to this video as you can see I changed the file name in my computer before I uploaded right here and then right here this is the thumbnail changed that title as well next thing you're going to do when you go to upload your video is you're going to make sure you have that title there and you are using keywords that tells people and the algorithm what this video is about then you're going to write a two to three sentence description it does not need to be long usually I take a different version of the title and make that my first sentence and then I simply break down what this video is about using keywords but not packing it so much that it doesn't sound conversational if you are running a business you do want to offer some of your freebies and some of your paid offers as well as any affiliate links and an easy way to do this so you're not having to retype it every single time is simply go to settings in your account go to upload defaults and now you can write out that description so that this automatically appears every time you go to upload a video next thing you need to make sure you are doing is using playlist so right here I have checked off my YouTube challenge as the playlist because the algorithm likes this and people like it too it's going to get people watching more and more of your videos when you start to utilize playlist then you also can set this in your default settings I have it so that automatically tells the algorithm every single time I upload that no this video is not for kids because if you put it it is made for kids it's only going to send it to kids then you want to hit show more and you want to go down here and say no I've not altered any content unless you have used Ai and changed people's appearances and things like that I always have allow automatic chapters on and key moments because that's going to help me with search I also have automatic places Concepts and then down here this is where you can add your tags that again tells the algorithm what this video is all about you should use as many of the 500 characters as you can the 400 range is good I clearly only went with 225 in this one but you can't go over 500 after that I make sure that I allow embedding again this is automatically defaulted to this allow video and audio remixing and then this is important you want the category selected on this video this is a how to video so I have selected how to if you have an entertainment Channel make sure that it's selected to entertainment or an education but if it's a tutorial you want it to be how to because that's going to tell the algorithm what type of video this is I have comments on obviously you want engagement if you're monetized you want to select on and then done then if your video is over 8 minutes then you want to go into review placement and you can add breaks within the video and even determine when they are going to appear this allows you to make more money off of that video when you add breaks and then if you add it yourself then you can determine where those breaks will be versus YouTube doing it and then you risk it being in an awkward place then hit next this is when you are going to review and make sure that nothing offensive is in the video and you select none of the above and then you're going to select submit rating which I had already done then hit next I don't do anything here except I do add an in screen and I always add the option of video and the Subscribe you only want one video If you give people too many options they're less likely to click on anything and we want them to watch another one of your videos so you have the option to go in and they can select a video the algorithm can select a video or your last video before this one but I like to select the video myself that way I know exactly what that video is because at the end of my videos I am specifically referencing that video in the box so I like to select the video and again we do that because we want people to watch more of our videos once that's done you hit save then you hit next and right here this is important you don't ever want to hit unlisted because it can actually tell the algorithm that the video is not doing well and it will send it to fewer people people you also don't want to hit public because we want to make sure we get to see it before it goes out to the public so you're either going to hit private or you're going to schedule this video to go out at a specific time right now I've got it to private that way I can check it make sure everything is how I want it to be that it's in the highdefinition version when it's up there and then I will publish it to public one last thing that will help you with your views is when you go to post your video post a call call to action in your comments and pin it to the top this can be a call to action to a link to another video or to an offer that you have or it can simply be you asking a question so that they are more likely to comment all you have to do is once you write out your comment you hit the three dots on the side pin and now that comment is at the very top once you get this checklist down you will be optimizing your video so that you can get more views and you'll be able to do it quick this is the exact process I'm using to help me not only optimize my videos to get more views to grow my channel but also so that I can be consistent by simplifying my process and in the next video when it's available you will see my process of how I create my thumbnails and how I create my titles to get more clicks on my videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThisIsVirginiaKerr [246 likes]: Do you have any ways to optimize your video that I missed?
  2. @Ammydiamond-p3z [2 likes]: New YouTubers , let's build a nation. Good luck
  3. @CelebCentral4032 [1 likes]: Great video . This is super relatable. It's actually happening to me right now 😂💯. I'm sure I'm in the right path. I don't know when it will happen... All I know is that it will happen and it's inevitable🙌💯🔥. Like❤ this video & comment if blowing up is inevitable for you 🔥🔥

Let's all implement. At the end of the day you have nothing to lose ‼️
  4. @TheKronosLab: excellent advice
  5. @CarloCabiling-p4b: Im following your advice for a year and it works but now its not. My recent uploaded video not showing in search bar.  Whats going on??
  6. @AkaoAnitaWellness: Please help me out,y links are not clickable
  7. @TosTinManEasyCooking: Good tips!
  8. @mrbabilon: Virginia, I have only one objection: move your picture to a corner, left, right, so I don't have to keep trying to guess the words your picture covers.
  9. @iiC3brrG: Did you know Kenny Kerr?
  10. @Seladiv-14: You are such a good explainer, I didn’t realize that there are several steps to posting. Also you’re beautiful.
  11. @mimioh887: Please teach me more
  12. @cozyresortsandhotels: Thanks, good info.
  13. @speedygunna: I'm still stuck at one subscriber
  14. @SmartBuys_ok: Thanks for this video
  15. @Earnwith-CharityAmos: Thank you 😊
  16. @tubeprincessamirahtv: So we shouldn’t upload from phone ☎️
  17. @lincolnlegacycabins: ~LOVE~ the design. With 10+ years of a mechanical estimator / project manager for hospital construction, I would take the shipping container and wrap / glue the whole exterior in ~THERMA-FLEX~ , after that, use wood siding for 3X the insulated R-value. For a stable, movable foundation, use ~GROUND-SCREWS~
The Secret to the 3X Insulated Metal Walled Legacy Fortress
Exploring the high-tech 'Acura' interior that sets the Legacy tier apart for luxury distributors.
  18. @RonaldJordan-p5m: Wow thanks for this!
  19. @Josipselfimprovement: Great !
  20. @RockyRwandarw: Best way to upload

- The Next Viral Youtube Trend!: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, wake up! Come downstairs! Get in here! It's, like, 3:30 in the morning. I think I may finally be onto something, guys. Are we still doing this? Hasn't it been, like, 3 days now? Actually, it's been 4 days. Didn't you see the text at the beginning of the--- ...Anyway. *sniffs* Why does it smell in here? Yeah, smells like piss! I mean, I've been literally working nonstop, so it probably is... *spits it out* Ugh! Pulp?! Pulp is good for you, dude. Wait, why doesn't mine have any pulp in it? Anyway, guys, I think I might finally be onto something. What is this all about again? Finding the next big thing on the Internet! You know, I'm sick of always being late on those stupid trends like planking, or those coning videos... In fact, I think I only recently just saw that nen (nyan) cat video. Wait, isn't it nine (nyan) cat? No, I think it's nyaan (n-ye-an, like "meow" in Japanese) cat (idiots pronouncing "nyan") Anyway, I think I just figured out how to find the next big thing on the Internet. You can't really predict that, it just has to happen.. Oh yeah? Remember Aaron Carter? The teenage heartthrob when we were kids? [intense music begins playing] I guess it's just a coincidence that his brother, Nick Carter, was in the infamous Backstreet Boys. The rival band of N*SYNC, which consisted of who? Justin Timberlake, one of the biggest stars, even till today! But who's even bigger than him right now? Someone with the exact same name. Justin Bieber. And just when we thought no one could possibly compete with Justin Bieber, BOOM! Five Justin Bieber's! All in one... ...Direction. D'you see now? They're all connected. I mean, I guess they're kind of connected. But it's kind of a stretch... I thought you'd never ask! ...What? Oh I thought you were gonna---you know---ask--- How is this relevant to the video? I thought you'd never ask. You remember the Evolution of Dance? One of the first viral videos of all time! And he just so happened to dance to the song 'Baby Got Back'. Right at the time where babies... ...were the most popular things on the internet. Such as Dancing Baby, Laughing Baby, Serious Baby, Babies, babies, babies... ...Oh...? That's right, Justin Bieber, who many considered a baby at the time, comes out with his very first hit single: Baby (featuring Ludicrus) Which just goes completely viral, and what word is said more than any other word in that song? Baby, baby, baby ohhh Which brings us to more babies except a little bit older now, like Charlie Bit My Finger Charlie became a memorable name, especially after Charlie the Unicorn And who believes in unicorns? People on drugs But not just any people on drugs Babies on drugs Which brings us to David After the Dentist David: Is this real life? :Q And what do you usually go to the dentist for? Bad teeth Teeth like a chipmunk But not just any chipmunk, the dramatic chipmunk Speaking of dramatic, of course you remember one of the most dramatic videos of all time? Leave Britney Alone by Chris Crocker Who just so happened to be a cross-dresser Just like Liam Kyle Sullivan in OMG Shoes The viral music video that was so fun to watch, but became a little bit irritating, kinda like the superstar sensation known as Fred Fred: Hey, it's Fred! Fast talking character with a super high pitched voice Almost as high as that sneeze from Sneezing Panda *sneeze so loud it isn't a sneeze, but rather an inhumane combination of an elephant's trumpet, autotune, and the echo of my empty soul* Aahh-choo? More like bless shoes Which brings us to— [music abruptly stops] Wait, we already did that one So you must be thinking: [dramatic music continues] Ahh, here it goes again The spectacular music video of Ok Go dancing on treadmills which everyone uses when on a DIET ... Coke and Mentos And who would've thought that such a simple combo mixed together would create a fountain of brown liquid flying everywhere like CHOCOLATE RAIN Once again, a viral music video where the artist Tay Zonday says the phrase "chocolate rain" a total of 48 times Tay Zonday x48: Chocolate Rain Now this is where it gets tricky 48? No Try 4-D-8 It's a simple math equation, really The 4 words in D, Obviously meaning daft, as in daft hands Are harder, better, faster, stronger The number of times those words were said in the song totals 56 And what's the difference between 56 and 48? That's right, 8 You see? 4-D-8, A lot of chocolate *snaps* [dramatic music ends] Thanks, Vic. No problem, man. And well, that's all I got so far. Dang, so close. (sighs) You do know this doesn't make sense? Wait. Will, say that again. What? That you don't really make sense? No, what you did before that. You just sighed. So? Don't you get it? Psy, "Gangnam Style," the most viewed video of all time right now. That's the next connection. That doesn't make any sense. Oh, doesn't it? Because I think it's simple. It's easy as ABC. ABC... - One two three! Exactly, 123, the National Pokedex number for the bug Pokemon Scyther. There's your proof. Proof of what? How we just connected the very last and biggest trend to date. Okay, even if I did believe your crazy theory, what about the Harlem Shake? That only lasted a week, and it doesn't count. Anybody that did that trend is probably an idiot. (chuckle) So what's after Psy sigh then? I don't know. Well, I mean, he's Asian. Wow. Okay, dick. What? Wait, no, you guys are both right. The word "Asian" and "dick." What are Asians most commonly teased for? Being FOBs, fresh off the boat, and Dick is just another name for Richard. You see? Boat Richard? Wow, you're really gonna make me spell it out, okay. What do you do when you're on a boat? Uh, you row? Correct. Now, what's a shorter way to say Richard? Rick. RICKRO-- ("Never Gonna Give You Up" plays) Wow, you really just made all the viewers sit through that whole video just to rickroll them. That's kind of messed up. No, it's not. What would be messed up is if we were to make the viewers sit through this whole video just to see us... DO THE HARLEM SHAKE! By the way, I never bought pulp. That's just my piss.

  Top Comments:
  1. @headcannon19 [6 likes]: I really just got rickrolled by a 10 year old video
  2. @meatthatlovesAI [3 likes]: He did predict rickroll would be a big trend, most of the people still get rickrolled everywhere till 2022, 2023...
  3. @azmilog [2 likes]: 2025 🥲
  4. @fuzzyfrog5520 [2 likes]: Coming back after 11 years
  5. @share_accidental [2 likes]: i miss 2013 😢
  6. @IIAwfulWaffleII [2 likes]: Can't believe my nostalgia rick rolled me
  7. @TheBattlesword [2 likes]: It's so weird rewatching this in a time where viral YouTube trends are now dead after the site abandoned content creators in favor of promoting talk shows hosts and hate speech
  8. @ScalyRaptor1944 [2 likes]: I got rick rowed from 9 years ago... Damn this has been going on for far too long, can the internet move on? To something fun? Like henry stickman get distracted or hey stinky'd, or coconut mall'd. Not this stinkin blue lobster earape
  9. @kimothefungenuis [1 likes]: 3:10 4D8 is technically a valid hexadecimal number which is equal to 1240
  10. @Fnaffan777 [1 likes]: Smartest Rick Roll.
Edit: 2nd* I forgot about “The New Rick Roll!” video.
  11. @carterjohnson8213 [1 likes]: Like if you’re watching 2024
  12. @mezmerize679 [1 likes]: Fast forward 11 years and internet trends consist of "mewing" and "edging"
  13. @Jason5Lee: It's 2026 this is still by far the best rickroll.
  14. @Bones_plays: 10 million views was a lot back then right? Never forget
  15. @sanfordwhatley3916: Hey Ryan
  16. @IvanovojBlagojevvic: Your smart hihihihihi
  17. @amybrown4311: Ryan come back😢😢
  18. @testsuno: I still believe that im the only one in 2023
  19. @Alex.Gaviola: early
  20. @Kenzuuna: Beardless Will bro

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- Why videos go viral | Kevin Allocca: Kind: captions Language: en Hi. I'm Kevin Allocca, I'm the trends manager at YouTube, and I professionally watch YouTube videos. It's true. So we're going to talk a little bit today about how videos go viral and then why that even matters. We all want to be stars -- celebrities, singers, comedians -- and when I was younger, that seemed so very, very hard to do. But now Web video has made it so that any of us or any of the creative things that we do can become completely famous in a part of our world's culture. Any one of you could be famous on the Internet by next Saturday. But there are over 48 hours of video uploaded to YouTube every minute. And of that, only a tiny percentage ever goes viral and gets tons of views and becomes a cultural moment. So how does it happen? Three things: tastemakers, communities of participation and unexpectedness. All right, let's go. (Video) Bear Vasquez: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Wooo! Ohhhhh, wowwww! KA: Last year, Bear Vasquez posted this video that he had shot outside his home in Yosemite National Park. In 2010, it was viewed 23 million times. (Laughter) This is a chart of what it looked like when it first became popular last summer. But he didn't actually set out to make a viral video, Bear. He just wanted to share a rainbow. Because that's what you do when your name is Yosemite Mountain Bear. And he had posted lots of nature videos in fact. And this video had actually been posted all the way back in January. So what happened here? Jimmy Kimmel actually. Jimmy Kimmel posted this tweet that would eventually propel the video to be as popular as it would become. Because tastemakers like Jimmy Kimmel introduce us to new and interesting things and bring them to a larger audience. (Video) Rebecca Black: ♫ It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday. ♫ ♫ Everybody's looking forward to the weekend, weekend. ♫ ♫ Friday, Friday. Gettin' down on Friday. ♫ KA: So you didn't think that we could actually have this conversation without talking about this video I hope. Rebecca Black's "Friday" is one of the most popular videos of the year. It's been seen nearly 200 million times this year. This is a chart of what it looked like. And similar to "Double Rainbow," it seems to have just sprouted up out of nowhere. So what happened on this day? Well it was a Friday, this is true. And if you're wondering about those other spikes, those are also Fridays. But what about this day, this one particular Friday? Well Tosh.0 picked it up, a lot of blogs starting writing about. Michael J. Nelson from Mystery Science Theater was one of the first people to post a joke about the video on Twitter. But what's important is that an individual or a group of tastemakers took a point of view and they shared that with a larger audience, accelerating the process. And so then this community formed of people who shared this big inside joke and they started talking about it and doing things with it. And now there are 10,000 parodies of "Friday" on YouTube. Even in the first seven days, there was one parody for every other day of the week. Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is how we become a part of the phenomenon -- either by spreading it or by doing something new with it. (Music) So "Nyan Cat" is a looped animation with looped music. It's this, just like this. It's been viewed nearly 50 million times this year. And if you think that that is weird, you should know that there is a three-hour version of this that's been viewed four million times. Even cats were watching this video. Cats were watching other cats watch this video. But what's important here is the creativity that it inspired amongst this techie, geeky Internet culture. There were remixes. Someone made an old timey version. And then it went international. An entire remix community sprouted up that brought it from being just a stupid joke to something that we can all actually be a part of. Because we don't just enjoy now, we participate. And who could have predicted any of this? Who could have predicted "Double Rainbow" or Rebecca Black or "Nyan Cat?" What scripts could you have written that would have contained this in it? In a world where over two days of video get uploaded every minute, only that which is truly unique and unexpected can stand out in the way that these things have. When a friend of mine told me that I needed to see this great video about a guy protesting bicycle fines in New York City, I admit I wasn't very interested. (Video) Casey Niestat: So I got a ticket for not riding in the bike lane, but often there are obstructions that keep you from properly riding in the bike lane. KA: By being totally surprising and humorous, Casey Niestat got his funny idea and point seen five million times. And so this approach holds for anything new that we do creatively. And so it all brings us to one big question ... (Video) Bear Vasquez: What does this mean? Ohhhh. KA: What does it mean? Tastemakers, creative participating communities, complete unexpectedness, these are characteristics of a new kind of media and a new kind of culture where anyone has access and the audience defines the popularity. I mean, as mentioned earlier, one of the biggest stars in the world right now, Justin Bieber, got his start on YouTube. No one has to green-light your idea. And we all now feel some ownership in our own pop culture. And these are not characteristics of old media, and they're barely true of the media of today, but they will define the entertainment of the future. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jenn-zen-47 [16 likes]: 2025. Anyone else watching it for their English class ??
  2. @sainidhik [1 likes]: Literally everyone watching this for their English class
  3. @photohype [1 likes]: Not having to wait for someone to green-light your idea is something I wish we had years ago...

I was in a Hollywood studio photographing a band called The Crosswalk while they recorded their music album.  Sadly, it was never released because their record label had some issues with the final product. 🤕
  4. @itsdylanjohn [1 likes]: This internet does not exist anymore
  5. @JadeSeiwartson [1 likes]: Cultural studies for collage
  6. @PandaKoalaSqaud [1 likes]: I’m watching this for homewoRK
  7. @lillymakesvideos1: can i be viral
  8. @holythapvi8712: :cat-orange-whistling:
  9. @whoisthisnoyes: Man we really didn’t know what was to come when it was right in front of us….
  10. @МаксадФайзуллобеков: Itt was the first TED talk which i understood clearly😂
  11. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  12. @5seconds2know: First the algorithm has to want to show video. I have a video about Elon Musk and Arnold that I think is pretty good and timely.
  13. @TheLittleChrome: Imagine talking about it now with TikTok
  14. @catboli1: who's Tosh?
  15. @kyle_ledoux: the international cat really sent me though!!
  16. @jojipogi: AVT nakakainis ka
  17. @ЛюдмилаКетова-ы7з: Привет я здесь чобы помочь Четвероногим друзьям  Гаяны и меня не остановить Благодарю Всем МИРА и ДОБРА
  18. @TV-vj4fz: 04:10
  19. @uni0309-k1s: Cute cats!
Haha
  20. @riograul2043: My first YouTube video got 50,000 views lol

- Inside ‘Click Farms’ And Their Social Media Impact | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en THIS MORNING I’M ABOUT TO SHOW YOU WHAT THAT LOOKS LIKE AND HOW YOU WHAT THAT LOOKS LIKE AND HOW THEY CAN BOOST SOME SOCIAL MEDIA THEY CAN BOOST SOME SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS. ACCOUNTS. >> Reporter: FROM INSTAGRAM >> Reporter: FROM INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS WITH THOUSANDS OF LIKES ACCOUNTS WITH THOUSANDS OF LIKES AND FOLLOWERS TO FACEBOOK POSTS AND FOLLOWERS TO FACEBOOK POSTS THAT GO VIRAL OVERNIGHT, EVER THAT GO VIRAL OVERNIGHT, EVER WONDER IF IT’S ACTUALLY LEGIT WONDER IF IT’S ACTUALLY LEGIT AND WHAT COULD BE BEHIND THOSE AND WHAT COULD BE BEHIND THOSE CRAZY SPIKES? CRAZY SPIKES? ENTER THE WORLD OF CLICK FARMS. ENTER THE WORLD OF CLICK FARMS. UNDERCOVER OPERATIONS WHERE UNDERCOVER OPERATIONS WHERE ACTUAL PEOPLE ARE PAID TO ACTUAL PEOPLE ARE PAID TO MONITOR HUNDREDS OF PHONES MONITOR HUNDREDS OF PHONES CLICKING ON POSTS, FOLLOWING CLICKING ON POSTS, FOLLOWING ACCOUNTS, LIKING PHOTOS, AND ACCOUNTS, LIKING PHOTOS, AND WATCHING VIDEOS ALL TO DRIVE UP WATCHING VIDEOS ALL TO DRIVE UP FAKE TRAFFIC. FAKE TRAFFIC. >> THIS IS REALLY EASY. >> THIS IS REALLY EASY. I MEAN, THIS IS UNSKILLED LABOR. I MEAN, THIS IS UNSKILLED LABOR. YOU COULD TRAIN A MONKEY TO DO YOU COULD TRAIN A MONKEY TO DO THIS. THIS. AS FAR AS THE COST, YOU ARE AS FAR AS THE COST, YOU ARE PAYING PEOPLE PENNIES ON THE PAYING PEOPLE PENNIES ON THE DOLLAR. DOLLAR. >> Reporter: HOW EASY IS IT? >> Reporter: HOW EASY IS IT? WE DECIDED TO CREATE OUR OWN WE DECIDED TO CREATE OUR OWN CLICK FARM WITH THE HELP OF CLICK FARM WITH THE HELP OF CYBERSECURITY EXPERT JIM CYBERSECURITY EXPERT JIM PARTICULARLY AND 50 CELL PHONES PARTICULARLY AND 50 CELL PHONES CREATING INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS FOR CREATING INSTAGRAM ACCOUNTS FOR EACH ONE, READY TO CLICK ON EACH ONE, READY TO CLICK ON WHATEVER WE WANTED. WHATEVER WE WANTED. AND THAT’S WHERE I COME IN. AND THAT’S WHERE I COME IN. LET’S SAY I WANTED TO GET A LET’S SAY I WANTED TO GET A BUNCH OF VIEWS ON THIS BORING BUNCH OF VIEWS ON THIS BORING VIDEO OF ME WATERING PLANTS THAT VIDEO OF ME WATERING PLANTS THAT I PUT ON THIS ACCOUNT THAT I I PUT ON THIS ACCOUNT THAT I MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS REASON. REASON. WE ARE GOING TO WATCH THIS ON WE ARE GOING TO WATCH THIS ON ALL OF THESE PHONES, RIGHT? ALL OF THESE PHONES, RIGHT? >> CORRECT. >> CORRECT. WE HAVE THEM QUEUED UP, READY TO WE HAVE THEM QUEUED UP, READY TO GO. GO. WE CAN SEE HOW MANY VIEWS WE WE CAN SEE HOW MANY VIEWS WE GET. GET. >> Reporter: ALL RIGHT. >> Reporter: ALL RIGHT. LET’S GET VIEWS. LET’S GET VIEWS. I GET CLICKING. I GET CLICKING. THAT IS SOME RICH CONTENT. THAT IS SOME RICH CONTENT. THE SAME VIDEO PLAYS OUT OVER THE SAME VIDEO PLAYS OUT OVER AND OVER. AND OVER. WITHIN MINUTES 11 VIEWS. WITHIN MINUTES 11 VIEWS. THE VIEWS START COMING IN. THE VIEWS START COMING IN. WHILE WE ARE HERE WE MIGHT AS WHILE WE ARE HERE WE MIGHT AS WELL GET SOME FOLLOWERS, TOO. WELL GET SOME FOLLOWERS, TOO. I FOLLOW THAT ACCOUNT, HITTING I FOLLOW THAT ACCOUNT, HITTING 50 FOLLOWERS. 50 FOLLOWERS. >> NOTHING TO SEE HER. >> NOTHING TO SEE HER. >> Reporter: PASSING 50 VIEWS. >> Reporter: PASSING 50 VIEWS. I AM JUST ONE GUY WITH ONE WALL. I AM JUST ONE GUY WITH ONE WALL. HOW BIG OF AN OPERATION CAN HOW BIG OF AN OPERATION CAN THESE GET? THESE GET? >> WAY BIGGER. >> WAY BIGGER. THERE WILL BE ONE PERSON FOR 200 THERE WILL BE ONE PERSON FOR 200 PHONES. PHONES. A CLICK FARM MIGHT HAVE HUNDREDS A CLICK FARM MIGHT HAVE HUNDREDS IF NOT THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES IF NOT THOUSANDS OF EMPLOYEES CLICKING AT THESE THINGS ALL DAY CLICKING AT THESE THINGS ALL DAY LONG. LONG. >> Reporter: WE ARE NOT DONE >> Reporter: WE ARE NOT DONE YET. YET. I WANT MORE VIEWS. I WANT MORE VIEWS. MY INSTAGRAM VIEWS. MY INSTAGRAM VIEWS. IT IS WAY TOO EASY TO GET THEM IT IS WAY TOO EASY TO GET THEM ONLINE. ONLINE. A GOOGLE SEARCH SHOWS ME TONS OF A GOOGLE SEARCH SHOWS ME TONS OF SITES THAT CAN GET ME INSTANT SITES THAT CAN GET ME INSTANT VIEWS FOR CHEAP. VIEWS FOR CHEAP. THIS HAS FIVE STARS. THIS HAS FIVE STARS. I WILL CLICK IN HERE. I WILL CLICK IN HERE. WOW. WOW. 10,000 VIEWS FOR 24 BUCKS. 10,000 VIEWS FOR 24 BUCKS. AND THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS. AND THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS. A FEW SECONDS LATER AND WE HAVE A FEW SECONDS LATER AND WE HAVE 63 VIEWS. 63 VIEWS. THE NUMBERS KEEP CLIMBING. THE NUMBERS KEEP CLIMBING. 7,731. 7,731. SKYROCKETING WELL OVER 10,000. SKYROCKETING WELL OVER 10,000. WE ONLY BOUGHT 10,000 VIEWS, BUT WE ONLY BOUGHT 10,000 VIEWS, BUT THE LATEST NUMBER IS 16,481. THE LATEST NUMBER IS 16,481. IT LOOKS LIKE THIS VIDEO IS IT LOOKS LIKE THIS VIDEO IS GOING VIRAL, BUT REMEMBER THIS GOING VIRAL, BUT REMEMBER THIS IS ALL FAKE. IS ALL FAKE. INSTAGRAM ISN’T THE ONLY ONE. INSTAGRAM ISN’T THE ONLY ONE. YOU CAN BUY FRIENDS AND YOU CAN BUY FRIENDS AND FOLLOWERS AND VIEWS AND LIKES ON FOLLOWERS AND VIEWS AND LIKES ON ALMOST ANY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM ALMOST ANY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORM OUT THERE. OUT THERE. INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER, AND YOUTUBE TELLING NBC NEWS AND YOUTUBE TELLING NBC NEWS THIS ACTIVITY IS NOT ALLOWED AND THIS ACTIVITY IS NOT ALLOWED AND THEY ARE DEVELOPING SYSTEMS TO THEY ARE DEVELOPING SYSTEMS TO PREVENT, DETECT AND REMOVE PREVENT, DETECT AND REMOVE ACCOUNTS THAT VIOLATE THEIR ACCOUNTS THAT VIOLATE THEIR POLICIES. POLICIES. WHAT’S THE HARM? WHAT’S THE HARM? IS THIS FRAUD? IS THIS FRAUD? >> IT’S ABSOLUTELY FRAUD.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ryan-xz4te [11 likes]: This is what kills social media
  2. @nate678 [6 likes]: Ironically this video has only 2k likes in 6 years
  3. @rxyb4fghoup3bv1 [2 likes]: That was back in 2019, things are more developed nowadays. It’s scary
  4. @tonderaichateya: works in betting
  5. @txddyfarquh69: 6 years later and now u no longer hv to manually "click" on the Phones. As well as having A.I, 2026 just gets crazier
  6. @shadhinov: The racism coming out this azzhole reporter. Bro even used the monkey metaphor.
  7. @bcut: fascinating! where can I find a click farm job?
  8. @mattyMcLovinisbae: insta is banning everyone
  9. @BlakeBigot: Who is the guy
  10. @mask-a-tear2205: Google must limit the number of emails each user is adding on the android Device.
  11. @Cool_Night_King: Now imagine what governments can do 😁
  12. @roachtoasties: Maybe not illegal (are there really laws about fake views and comments?), but YouTube, and the like, should automatically divide the number of views displayed and used for all their business purposes, by 20. Probably about 95% aren't real views, and I'm being generous.
  13. @patrickslomian7423: hhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahahahahah this cybersecurity guy is completly not qualified :D:D:D
Ever heard of programming and automatization :D:D:D ??
  14. @TheoMiles-u7p: Wow 😮😮
  15. @SpoonIkel: My neighbors has been doing this, and can turn an individual and families into a  modern slave.
  16. @elisdotenv: At the end of the day, nothing is real
  17. @mp54798: Sorry maybe im old but why anybody needs those clicks for?
  18. @emilos44: Cant you make these click farms virtually
  19. @danieladultjokes: i told chatgpt to create song about this and the suno sing it 
i uploaded it on yt on the name fake views on youtube
  20. @oligarchytheatre777: LOL😅😮😂

- Why Small Business Videos Go VIRAL on Social Media (and How You Can Too): Kind: captions Language: en What's the difference between this video with 2 million views and this video with only 200 views? Why are some businesses absolutely blowing up on Tik Tok, Instagram, and YouTube, and other businesses are barely getting noticed? In this video, I'm going to show you a simple strategy that anyone can do to grow their business on social media. I'm going to show you some amazing small business videos that went absolutely viral, and I will break down exactly why they went viral. But first, you might be thinking like, what kind of videos should I be making? Well, there's different styles and all of them have the potential to go viral. First would be the sort of funny entertaining videos. If you think about these platforms, most people are scrolling them to be entertained. You're looking at Tik Tok, you're looking at Instagram, you're looking at YouTube shorts. You're really there to be entertained. These could just be following a silly trend, using a viral sound from Tik Tok, or just coming up with these like hilarious sketches. I'll show you good examples. People on these platforms are also interested in learning. So if you can deliver some really helpful educational pieces, some how-tos, teaching them how to do something, that stuff can do really well on these platforms as well. And people love to see inside your business. So showing videos where you're like showing the work being done, the behind the scenes, how the sausage gets made, all that stuff works really well on social platforms as well. But what makes these videos go viral comes down to two key things. One is the hook. You have to hook them in the first second. If they swipe away, it's over. And two, you have to keep them watching to the end. Watch time is hands down the strongest signal for why these videos are going viral. Let's take a look at a bunch of videos that went viral, and I'm going to tell you why they went viral. This is going to be fun because I actually haven't seen these videos before. My team picked them for me, so you're going to get to watch me react to them in real time, and then I'll explain why they were viral successes. >> That's Judy. >> Oh, don't look at her. Do not look at her. She's going to try to sell us pancakes. I'm telling you. >> What are you looking for? [music] I have the best pancakes. Come Judy's for breakfast. I'm Judy. I have cafe. Come for breakfast. >> Okay. I have actually seen that one before, [laughter] but it's one of my absolute favorites. So, I'm so glad that it was included in the list. This one is just it's so clever. It's like, oh, there's Judy. She's going to try and sell us some pancakes. Don't look at her. And then all of a sudden, she's in the back seat. So, it's just so funny. It's engaging. you're you're not expecting her to be in the back seat and she's already captured your attention. So, she gets to tell you about her pancake restaurant and you should come for pancakes at the end. And you know what? I if I lived in her town, I would go and eat these pancakes. Let's watch this ours pub. Haven't seen it before. I'm excited. >> How was service tonight, Kyle? >> Really great. The tickets were rang in beautifully and the customer spacing and reservations were great and I didn't run out of a single >> It was funny. I loved it. And it's so easy to do that. You could do that in your business. Really good. Okay, so this one's a realtor. >> Oh no, somebody messed up my sign. You know, being in real estate, you have to have a really thick skin and a [music] great sense of humor. >> That one's great cuz it's that classic where at the bus stop, it's always a realtor's face and someone's drawn glasses and colored in the teeth. This is a really good bait and switch because, you know, she's like, "A man, someone got my sign again." And then you get to look at her and she looks like that. Very clever, very smart. And that video we just watched has 3.9 million views. Insane. And the funny thing about it is I've seen a number of real estate agents make the exact same video. So, they'll like go to the bus stop and then they're looking at it, but then they turn to the camera and they have face. It's just really clever. And if you're a real estate agent, you could duplicate this. People would love it. It's funny. There's no reason that you can't make the same video that someone else made. Take their great ideas and make your own version of it. It's super smart. All right, next up, restaurant. >> All right, here's that classic cheeseburger you asked for. >> Oh, thank you. But I didn't want cheese. >> All right, I'll get that fixed for you right now. >> I bet you thought I was going to throw this cheeseburger, but that's not the type of restaurant we are. So, >> this one's pretty good cuz you don't expect the ending. It's short enough to keep me engaged. It does a pretty good job of promoting Quuevo House and it's working great for them. This video got 1.6 million likes on Instagram, which means it probably had 10 times the views. Probably in the 10 millions of views. Garden Central Retail. Remember this clown from Inside Out? [music] In this scene, he tries to get the children's attention, but fails. When we look at his emotions, we see that they're all just sad clowns. But in the background where his memories are, almost every one of them [music] is sad, except for one, and that was when he purchased his barbecue from Wow Bbecue. This was a life-changing decision that [music] helped him discover a new passion for cooking. >> This is a classic bait and switch video. I love this style. It's so fun. >> Throwing a beer on my manager and so he can guess what it is. >> Hang on. I should get a hint. Import or domestic? >> I'm not TELLING YOU. >> COME ON. >> DOMESTIC. DOMESTIC. >> Oh man, >> blood visor. >> Nope. Wrong. >> Damn it. >> I love that video so much. It hooks you immediately cuz you know they're on day nine. She says day nine of throwing a beer at my manager until he can guess what it is and then he's trying to guess and then you're hooked to the end cuz you want to know does he get it? What's the answer? Did he get the beer right? And then it's funny because they're like, "No, wrong again. You're gonna have to get another beer in the face tomorrow." I also want to point out one thing about this video, which is super clever. Look at where they are filming this video, right in front of Deer Island Golf. So, the whole time you're watching it, they're embedding Deer Island Golf into your brain. This is about impressions. When they get so many impressions for great content like that, they just become top of mind. Oh, yeah. We're going to go golfing. we should go check out Deer Island Golf. So, it's just that awareness building. That's what these videos can really do for your brand. And let's see how this video did. That one I just watched has 22 million impressions. 22 million impressions is so expensive if you were doing advertising somewhere, but they're getting it for free on Tik Tok because they've got a smart concept and it is [music] driving views. People want to watch these videos. >> [laughter] >> See, it's so simple. It's so simple. That's all you have to do. Just do something stupid and silly that people aren't expecting. It hooked me immediately. I wanted to see what was happening and it kept me watching till the end cuz it was just silly and it was only 12 seconds. There's another thing with the 12-second video. You can get multi-watches. So, some someone's going to definitely watch to the end and people will often watch it twice because they're like, "What just happened?" They want to see it again. Or then they go to the comments and while they're reading the comments, it just keeps playing and playing and looping and looping and all those count towards your watch time. And it's also noteworthy that there's no dialogue. They just put a song behind it and subtitles. So, this video is so easy to make. You just come up with the idea, think about how you want it to be, and then you can do all of this in the editing. Okay, those were some great funny videos for me to react to. But here's the thing. Not every video needs to be funny for it to be successful. Some videos just work because they're oddly satisfying. They're super visual, or they're just showing the job getting done. And these videos are killing it online right now. People love them. I'm talking about all those trades like carpet cleaners, plumbers, lawn care companies, where the content is the transformation. It's the before and the after. You don't need a fancy setup. You don't need a script. You don't need any fancy equipment. Just film yourself doing the work. Then all you have to do is just speed up the footage a little. Add some music and you've got a video that people are going to love to watch cuz they want to see what's going to happen. If you're in one of these industries, don't overthink it. Just record yourself doing the work. You might be sitting on viral gold. All right, we looked at some great examples of viral videos. Now, let's bring it back to what you can do to make some of these videos yourself. So, if you're a small business, you want to start making some of these videos. Here's a simple strategy that will work. Start by researching your competitor. And I'm not just talking about the local competitors. Go and find the big accounts in your industry and see what they are doing. What videos have they made that you can make a similar version of with your own twist. You're just trying to take inspiration, not necessarily directly copy, but honestly, you could almost directly copy and it's just going to be different because it's you and not them. And there's totally no harm in doing that. Don't try to create every style of video. Just start experimenting with a few different things. Then once you find something that really resonates, double down on it. Like that golf course example, if you look at their feed, it's just full of this person who works there throwing beers at the manager and people love it. They found a trend that really worked and they just kept making that video. They know what they're doing. They know how to make that video and people love that video. So, keep giving people what they want. Super smart. Double down on what works. I just hope that even when he does get it right, they just keep throwing beers at him. And then I think this might be the most important tip. Consistency is way more important than perfection. Just keep going. If you make these videos, just keep making them. Get into the habit of pulling out your camera. Don't overthink them. You don't need to overproduce them. If you're just making these videos on the regular, that will be the ultimate key to your success because you might be making these videos and what should have gone viral just didn't. You never know when the algorithm is going to lean in your favor and one of these videos will take off. So, it's super important to just stay consistent. Just keep going day after day, week after week, however many videos that you're able to produce. If you find a format that works and you can just stick with it, that's the key to success. Now, I've been doing a lot of talking about how to make viral videos, giving you lots of advice, but how about I walk the walk and show you how to make one. I'm going to recreate a video that I saw on Instagram that I think I could easily duplicate. And I'll be showing you how to set it up, how long it took for me to make, and how to do the editing. So, here's a video I picked. Let's watch it. >> Oh, were you waiting for that to hit me? I'm waiting for you to book your appointment at Canvas. >> Still waiting. >> All right. So, I have an idea for how I could make that same video, but for Whitespark. And since we have a brand new tool to promote, our new Whites Spark local ranking grids, this is going to be perfect. Let's see if I can pull it off. Okay, to record this video, I'm going to need someone to throw a box on my head. And I'm going to need someone else to film. Or I guess I could use a tripod. So, let me go and see if I can round up some assistance for this video. Hey, can you throw a box at my head? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, my kid will throw the box at my head and my wife's going to do the filming. So, we're all set. So, it took about I I think we made maybe six to seven takes of each part of the video. So, uh, six takes of the throwing of the box from that one angle and then about another six takes of me, you know, talking about the at the laptop. All in all, maybe 10 15 minutes. It was pretty low effort. It doesn't take a lot of work to do that. And the editing is actually pretty simple, too. You just got to splice it together. You can do it right in the apps. If you were doing your producing your video on Tik Tok or on Instagram, even the inediting apps will do the job. So, it's pretty easy. Anyone can pull off videos like this. You thought I was going to get hit in the head, but while you're here, let me show you this awesome new feature of our local ranking grid software. All right, so we looked at some awesome examples of small businesses crushing it with short form video, and I gave you a strategy on how you can do this yourself. I'd love to hear any comments or questions you have down below. And of course, don't forget to subscribe, like, do all that stuff. And if you like this video, you're probably going to love this one, which will teach you exactly what you need to optimize on your Google business profile to improve rankings. Check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeganBennettAUS [2 likes]: Good stuff and thanks for sharing the virals
  2. @jana1296 [2 likes]: Do you suggest putting these videos on GBP?
  3. @Franklinwangene [1 likes]: Good stuff here
  4. @MohsenAhmed-c6t [1 likes]: Great
  5. @Merryfrankster_ [1 likes]: We've been able to make videos that go viral - but for completely the wrong reasons. They are videos about car rental, and they get discovered as suggested videos when people watch soap opera spoiler videos. Yes, I know, absolutely no connection between the two. And they get 10s of thousands of views, because millions of people are looking for soap opera spoilers. Of course the watch time is near zero, because as soon as they click the people realize this is absolutely not what they are looking for so they swipe away. Why? How? Really this was a complete accident - but it kept happening with video after video that we made. Ask the algorithm.
  6. @missiontradingcoop: Did you post the video you made? Would love to see how it did!

- Top CEO Shares How to Make Viral Content & Get Rich!: Kind: captions Language: en I am so tired of seeing content creators be more concerned about what people will think about them than speaking the truth Cody Sanchez I think she makes some of the best content on all social media as it comes to business she's brilliant you're going to take a ton of notes today it's a special treat Cody Sanchez in the house we are in the most competitive business that exists in the world right now content I simultaneously have to compete with Mr Beast giving away a million dollars the Rocks 24 pack and whatever new movie he has coming out the news that comes out every single day I think when it comes to content um one of the reasons we've had some success I think there's two reasons actually get in the room where other people are already playing the game that you want to learn to play curiosity beats intellect almost any day of the week you have a formula it's called the spark content formula I love this and you kind of could you walk us through that sure Cody if you explain who you are and what you do how do you how do you explain that depends who I'm talking to if I'm on a uh airplane and I don't want to talk to somebody I tell them I'm in financial sales which does the trick every time nobody wants to get sold Finance products um but you know to to simplify it I basically say that I invest in Main Street businesses I invest in Main Street companies the likes of which you use every single day and now I talk about it on the internet and we do it in three components we have Main Street holding company which is where we hold all the assets we have uh contrarian thinking Capital which is Venture Capital fund and then we have contrarian thinking media which is the stuff that has all of our courses and community and uh the social media that maybe some of you guys follow online yeah well recently you crossed a million subscribers I did on uh on YouTube on you yeah totally congratulations across platforms it's it's zillions and billions uh across platforms but um you know we're here at Grow video live and everybody in the room is wanting to create content they've Maybe started uh already creating content there's some huge channels here millions of subscribers and some people that are just getting started here's my first question for you why content um nval rant came up with this idea that I really thought highly of he was the founder of angelist and a bunch of other uh companies and I remember seeing this years ago he basically said there are layers to um what's called Leverage in the world and the very first uh lever was Labor right it was first just work if you wanted to get more done you had more workers more employees back in the day slaves and then the second lever uh that created more wealth than labor ever did in some ways was capital and so that was like when the Rockefellers and the roths Childs the titans of us industry were created was right about the same time the banking laws changed to allow them access to other people's money capital and then we've had the most recent one which is code right so the ability for Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk to create an army of labor and an army of capital in the form of robots but you know code online right and then I think today the most democratized easily accessible way for all of us to get access to the next lever is audience and so you know for years I had run a I had run a large Latin American Investment firm at a company called uh First Trust and we had a billion dollars in assets under management I remember specifically talking to the CEO of that company we were walking along um the beach at the Montage in California and I was trying to explain to him this idea I'm like listen I got us to a billion using your way and your way was like steak dinners you know shaking hands knowing the centers of influence going into to government institutions and asking for permission to manage our money that's how we got here if I want to create the next 10 billion the way to do it is not to shake hands the way to do it is create something once and distribute it continuously through the internet and Jim is the man and we're still very close and he's still more of a billionaire than I am so uh he's doing a few things right but he disagreed with me he was like categorically no if you're going to be at this firm we will We you cannot get on TV you cannot go and talk about this online you cannot create newsletters and he said and I'll never forget Cody at this firm we get rich quietly and um and I sat with that for a long time and now that I'm pretty public I understand why he might say that there's a lot of downside to being public um but at that point I said Jim if I dis agree with you and I want to go this other direction with my part of the company I owned part of the Latin American Division what are we going to do and he said uh if you want to play poker you need to get your own chips and so yeah and you know what he was right he was right and so thankfully he in all for all intents and purposes said either start roll or get off the boat so I got off the boat and yeah you guys have all probably had a moment where you did that right where other people told you you shouldn't be creating online content this is ridiculous uh why do you think you can are you a fake Guru online all of the things and if you haven't heard those yet just wait uh and yet um he reached out to me maybe a month ago and uh and said you know I think it's really incredible what you're doing what are the next steps Etc where do you think this is going to go and I kind of chuckled and I was like you know you kicking me out the door was the single best thing that could have happened to me because now we have a holding company that does hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenue we own dozens and dozens of comp and we have more attention in one email I send than his entire company and that is the power of the internet wow you graduated early from Arizona State University with a degree in journalism Harvard of the West really did you learn any lessons from journalism that you apply today when it comes to creating the content you create yeah I mean curiosity beats intellect almost any day of the week how many intelligent humans have you met that could not thread a needle through a hole like there are so many people who think that being intelligent is the key to success and if you actually look at many different data sets what you find is that the smartest people in fact those at the far end of the curve have some of the lowest levels of success AKA uh wealth relationships happiness index and so um if I could take one skill and transport it to just about anybody else it would be curiosity and if you're curious and then you learn something and then you iterate on that thing and then you innovate on that thing then you eventually win and so journalism I think taught me two things journalism I originally applied to invest in because if you want to be a good investor what are you essentially doing you're trying to ask questions to see if people are lying to you or not in order for you to give them money or not like that's kind of what investing is do I believe what I'm being told and if I believe what I'm being told should I allocate resources or money to this thing and uh what's interesting is that's what journalism does you go and you ask hard questions to find answers and I think when it comes to content um one of the reasons we've had some success I think there's two reasons actually the main reason is I'm really curious I just cannot imagine a world in which we are given this incred incredible Cranium we all have with these neurons firing and we don't try to squeeze every bit of information out of this life that we humanly can like how sad a world if we do not try to take the the things that in my mind God gave us and apply them to the maximum amount possible I hate that idea and so I think that's one reason we've been successful and the second reason is because um you know if you guys are creating online there's one thing that I I think is more important than anything else you know forget the Instagram reel versus the Tik Tok versus the hook versus the first 30 seconds it's do you think you're the hero or are the people that you're serving the heroes are you the Luke Skywalker or are the people that are watching your videos the Luke Skywalker and I remember reading some parts of this originally from Storyteller brand Donald Miller Story Brand Story brand and when he said that to me it hit because when I'm on a stage like this I don't actually think it's about me I think it's about how do I meet as many of you because the bigger Ripple is not Cody gets bigger the bigger Ripple is what what do you think's easier for me to do there's 600 people here in this room right is it easier for Cody to get 600 million followers or would it be easier for this crowd cumulatively to get 600 million what's easier L you guys right so how much more powerful are my ripples if what I can do is influence others to live live incredible lives to get bigger to create greater and I can just be like the little Yoda whispering in the ear of the heroes which is all of you and so you know I have a book coming out this December Sean was incredible and and a very early supporter of it um which I take very seriously so thank you um and they tried to put I remember they did this mockup and if you guys you've seen what books look like and it's like a book mockup and I have all these photos from different things that we've shot and so they sent me the mockup and it was like Cody Sanchez you know on the cover and I I was like delete this immediately absolutely not this book is not about me it is about everybody who wants to be the thing that we are talking about in this book and I think if we all remember that then we have audience that has real connection as opposed to try to become a celebrity and the only thing that happens when you try to become a celebrity is you eventually become cringe and so that is what I want to stay away from in just a second I want to learn about your spark content formula but I want to hang on the journalism for a second because you won an award you did some work that really impacted some of the atrocities with sex trafficking can you tell that story yeah um so where I started creating content I guess but I never would have thought about it that way back then was uh I graduated a year early from Harvard of the West and due to the crazy curriculum I had I had some free time and so I decided to partner with something called the how at F Buffett Foundation which is Warren Buffett's son for print journalism and my last name Sanchez uh I'm Latina and I lived in Arizona at the time that's where I was raised and what was fascinating is um we were given a grant to cover stories along the US Mexico border with this idea of like what happens at divisions that human create humans create like what happens at these divisive points and so I've crossed the border actually legally like I can't even tell you the number of times with um with human traffickers and individuals trying to cross the border and this was in 20078 something like that um writing stories about what it's really like down there and um and what was interesting is uh I met this one guy whose name was Neftali Fuentes and uh he had crossed the border I'm going to mess up the number but he was 18 17 or 18 years old and he had crossed the border like over a hundred times and not like back and forth because he wanted to like a 100 times but couldn't get in like kept getting kicked back and I remember sitting down with him and talking about like what is it that drives you to be here like what other way could we get you here and it was like sort of at that moment where I realized man if we are given probably one of the biggest gifts out there in the world which is the ability to be a citizen of America and we have the ability to um to produce at the highest level of which we are physically Al capable like there is no real foot on your neck of progress in this country sometimes I think we might be trending towards that but today right now there's just about nowhere better in the world if you want to produce in a capitalistic Society no better place and so feels me and I think it's our duty as content creators to to push that forward and so when I was writing those stories about human trafficking and and nef Fuentes and when I saw what happened to to women in a pra who are being murdered it's called la de the city of death uh because every single day women would be found strewn across the border in the city of El Paso across from El Paso um which is called Warz and um and I would go to the morg and I would uh identify body parts like how many people were actually killed so like you know if a woman is in six parts are we noting that as six women are we sure that's not just one and um and when I was watching all that I thought God what is the difference between me and them my last name is Sanchez I'm a young woman they worked in the things called Maki lores along the US Mexico border which is basically like Warehouse factories for like Lowe's or Home Depot down there and they would get shipped in from southern Mexico to sort of these Shanty towns to work in these these warehouses and it was a much better life for those women there than down south more pay more opportunity except for this pernicious violence that that we've never been able to find out hundred hundreds of women are murdered every year in uh waras or found murdered I imagine the number is actually quite higher and so what I realized in that moment and I think one of the big reasons that I'm into content today is I do not think we should get rich quietly I think the difference between getting rich quietly and getting rich together is actually we make more money and we have more impact not less and I think the difference between me and those women was simply I was born an American citizen with the ability to earn and what if we could teach more people that so that's why I'm loud on the internet and why I'm pretty Mission driven and I I think maybe what I would try to proze or or tell to all of you is like the world is full of self-help books as business cards we don't need more of those the yes the world is full of YouTube channels touting 21-year-old morons who are trying to tell you how to live your life I want the confidence of a 21-year-old life coach could you imagine a life coach I'm 37 I would never be a life coach I barely got it figured out and so I just think if we're going to create content online we need to make sure we're doing it for a reason we need to make sure we stand for something we need to make sure we're serving somebody else and not ourself and that is how we can feel good about it and not go down the like you know porno Rabbit Hole of chasing clicks and clickbait which eventually ends at you know you porn and so we don't want that that we want to create things that matter that last through the text of time and so um it started at human trafficking but it's transcended all the way to why does it matter that we each are rich and how can we talk about that align so for you guys I would say what is that mission for you because you all uniquely have something to share every single human does and make sure that what you share matters isn't just chasing number of views on videos and I've met so many billionaires Sean I'm sure you have too like by now like most of them aren't happy you know most of them aren't very happy and uh and I had a friend that ran a family office for like a name that you would know one of the richest guys in the world and I remember one day I was asking him about it he was telling me some ridiculous stories and then I was telling him my plan and how I want to build this billion dollar company and he stopped me and he goes I wish you not one more Penny than $299 million and I said well that's rude because I'd like more than that and he said I said why and he said because past that point you get into a sea of sycophant where you start to believe the things that you don't even really know to be true and nobody tells you one way or the other and so I know there are a lot of people online that say I want to be a billionaire my purpose is a billionaire that's not deep enough guys because once you get there you're going to realize it's just the next billion and the next billion and the next billion and one thing that I will say is I am so tired of seeing content creators be be more concerned about their own skin and what people will think about them than speaking the truth how many of you guys have seen that you know they won't get into politics they won't get into pushing back they won't get into saying the truth because they don't want to mess up their views and I think that if you have the unique ability to get attention on the internet you should use it as a Force for good and uh that's what I'm trying to do but often fall far short of so this very inspiring and now if we get technical um and you have a formula it's called a spark content formula I love this and you kind of could you walk us through that sure uh I don't remember all of it so read it for me first all right so you could write this down five steps spark number one is speak to a specific Persona mm so so one of the interesting Parts about how we do content at contrarian thinking is I have a team of people who are really good at Technical and we have a belief that every time it's called the rule of three every time you do things more than three times it has more than three steps you should write it down and create an sop which is called a system and process for it and so the spark formula how we actually use this these processes get framed inside of contran thinking on our best days but not always so that the people who um are new to the team realize how we do content content and so one of the things that I think is really important for you and your team as you get bigger you'll have a bunch of people who are kind of like your mini voice in some ways they're repackaging content they're pulling stuff together and every so often something awful will have happen to you like I remember one time it was like President's Day I think or it was it might have been Memorial Day which would have been worse it was like Memorial Day and the picture that got posted was like Cody in a bikini with like a Theodore Roosevelt quote and I was like who's who's getting fired here because this is not this is not what we're trying to do and so um so the spark formula's ideation and origination is the fact that we have these Sops and processes that have everything that we do inside of them but um as you can probably tell from now I work a lot from G uh from gut as opposed to um technicality and so when I say speak to a a specific person I think the easiest way to start when you are growing a channel is if you go out and you want to be I don't know if she's relevant anymore but like Emma Chamberlain where she's just like laying in her bed kind of talking about coffee or like whatever else happens in the world in her day with no particular Niche it's really hard to grow if you want to grow faster you actually do the counterintuitive thing which is you skinny it down I want to talk to in my world people who want to buy laundromats think about how small that Niche was that I started in laundromat buyers I don't even know if there were people on the internet that did it but I thought it was interesting it was my specific Niche then I go okay maybe car washes maybe boring businesses in general maybe people who care about business maybe people who care about community in business maybe people who care about an impact on the world through community and business see how it kind of branches out so in the beginning you go really specific and then after you've gone specific you get an allowance from your Heroes your audience to go wider but in the beginning they haven't given you that allowance they don't they don't know if if they care about you yet so you got to get permission for them to care about you what's the next one number two platform proficiency oh this one's interesting like you'll see Tanner running around here Tanner is my head of production and what we realized in the beginning uh is that running a Content business is not that dissimilar from running an investment firm in a lot of ways it's a lot of um feedback loops Based on data and uh getting better at using signals to determine next steps which is very similar to investing actually and so what we realized is we have an idea and that idea has to be served differently on every single platform and then a lot of people talk about repurposing that's like sort of old news Gary Vayner you know made that very normalized but here's what I think they left out I think each platform has a personality and you need to understand who you're serving on each platform and so maybe you guys have already talked about this but like Tik Tok is like you know your 17-year-old kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nephew right that's Tik Tock he's got add he's also a little angry sometimes but sometimes he wants to be inspired he'd like you to dance I mean yeah Tik Tok okay so if I'm going to serve something to Tik Tok and I don't pay a lot of attention to that platform for personal like decisions like it is a great platform I just I don't support the ethics and morals of it but if I was going to serve Tik Tok aggressively I would think would my 17-year-old kind of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cousin like what I'm about to create am I speaking specifically to him because you know many of you are probably parents and and and Friends of of young people the way that you're going to communicate something to a 17-year-old nothing else withstanding as opposed to 45-year-old is very different right and so that's Tik Tok then we've got Instagram which I always kind of think of like you know young like 30-year-old mom with a couple kids likes pumpkin spice latte matching outfits suede boots and uh and how do I get to that because uh you see who has the most engagement on the platform and it's like Mom bloggers Crush that platform like there's one that I love her name is Danny Austin if you guys know her and she's created like multiple brands on top of it she kind of does these goofy dances everybody loves the kid content okay that's Instagram and then we've got Twitter which I think about like Twitter I think about Twitter like maybe you know slightly disgruntled Tech Bros and real estate entrepreneurs that never quite achieved what they wanted to achieve and um and when I think about it that way I'm really thoughtful on how I serve each platform and I'm going to like the most base like almost bad negative connotation of each platform because I do think if you understand people's pain points you can better serve them if I go to their highest self your highest self is very easy to serve but we often don't sit there especially on social media platforms and so when I go to Twitter I just know that um you know it's going to react differently than Instagram Instagram's going to be probably a little bit nicer um than Twitter and then YouTube I think is the one place where there's like a lot of separation of audience in a big way and you can have totally disparate types of people and so there it becomes a lot more about what does the algorithm serve up for the first 3060 90 seconds how do you title thumbnail and package and then are you serving your current audience but are you sprinkling in a little bit more of what your next audience is and my friend Kim um cop she's also a great follow on Instagram but she she does merchandise for like the biggest celebrities out there and she was try she was explaining to me how she thinks about YouTube which is she thinks about it like I think the guy's name is like Shawn Mendes singer right you guys know who that is okay so Shawn Mendes uh the other day it was funny I like saw a video of him dancing and he was singing and I sent it to Kim I was like oh this kid's pretty good he's probably going places she's like you idiot he's like huge on the internet apparently um I don't know anything about pop culture so anyway she was explaining to me that Shawn Mendes typically speaks to like the Taylor Swift audience it's like you know 10 to 20year old young girls they're in love with him you know a little bit teeny boppy well Shawn had that OD served right one of the biggest names in the world on it but sea which typically happens with creators and artists wanted to like sophisticate a little bit right so I don't know if you guys have ever had a video and you're like even Mr Beast he's like yeah I want to serve the 15 year-olds but I also want to be taken seriously philanthropy channel right and so he went from serving these teeny boppers to then uh serving what he really wanted to do which he's like I want to be a serious artist I want to be like John Mayor and so because of that he started flipping a few of the things he did with his channel but he had to do it really slowly because if right away he went from teeny bopper to you know sort of like middleaged uh timeless music listeners he would have lost this audience entirely and never got to this audience and so that's what I mean by platform specifically number three always show up and you talk about input versus output what does that mean ah game of numbers um I've never met anybody that got a million followers from one video and um and so I think you know if you have to choose between quality and quantity choose quantity it's easier uh if you have to choose between acting slowly acting fastly act fastly you'll have a higher uh you'll have a higher data set and feedback loop coming back to you and uh if you're going to play this game realize it's almost just like any other job in the world which is that you have to show up consistently you can't wait for the Muse you have to continue to execute at a high level or you are very easily forgotten about we all are and so um first like in in our business first you have to like you yourself have to figure out what do I want to talk about who am I what do I want to cover in this world and then you have to think about okay how can I start covering that in some way shape or form so that's like systems and processes and then you have to think about okay now that I know what I want to do I know how we're going to do it how can I do it consistently and then after you get to it consistently you can say how can I do it exceptionally but I think a lot of people skip steps in between those four do you remember when you posted your first video well I posted my first YouTube video like three years ago probably uh and then I stopped for a year so there's Cody talking out of two sides of her mouth um and then I came back to it I think about like a year and a half ago I think as our anniversary and uh and I only came back to YouTube Once I knew what I wanted to talk about how we were going to do it with consistency that I committed to doing it and then hope we're still I think getting to the point where we're trying for exceptional but we're not there yet and when you did that first video or when you first started what was it like compared to like the tech getting it done compared to like the operation you're running now oh yeah well I mean the first the first piece of content I ever created so there's the lowest barrier of Entry ever if you guys want to was a newsletter so it required basically no technological proficiency it required no ability to film videos or edit them to to be honest I have no idea how to edit a video Zero idea like if you told me if you got rid of my whole team right now and they were like go edit this video I would create zero content um I don't know how to edit uh let's see I don't know how to find you know trending sounds on Tik Tok I don't know how to post on most channels uh the only place that I post myself natively every single time is Twitter um I batch almost every single thing that I do uh but my eyes are on every single piece of content we cre uh ideally and sometimes it happens but I get mad like nothing goes out without my review of it even today and we create thousands of pieces of content a year and and I run another company so it is a big commitment from that that standpoint but um I just say that because I think it's important for you to know like you can you can have different unfair advantages my unfair Advantage was um I've worked for a long time in finance I know a lot about investing I I have ideas these ideas and Frameworks and formulas are interesting I think and then I have proof I've been doing this for a while like before I got on the internet you know telling you guys about making money and finance I had actually made money and I had built things and then the third is that I'm still building them live with you and so you get to see real time you get to see past time and you get to see uh professional proficiency those were my three examples now I you could have a totally different skill set which is maybe you don't have crazy ideas maybe you don't have professional proficiency maybe you don't build in public right now but you're really good at editing videos you're obsessed with the craft and you love making content or maybe you're great at finding viral sounds so I don't think there's like a perfect there's no perfect soup right some people like gaspacho some people like chicken noodle soup both of them can be exceptional you just have to be really honest with yourself and self-aware about what are you are you the gaspacho or are you the chicken doodle soup and if you try to do all of it you're just going to drive yourself crazy question are you interested in learning the best strategies that are working right now to get views and subscribers on YouTube well I want to invite you to our free 5day tube 1K challenge where I'm going to be going through our seven-step YouTube success system entirely for free over 10,000 people have used this exact framework to start and grow successful YouTube channels whether for their business whether as a side hustle or or as a Creator or even as a Ministry and a nonprofit and I'm going to be teaching through these seven steps at tube 1K challenge.com every one of the five challenge sessions will include a strategy that you can immediately apply to start growing your channel as well as a challenge something to do that will get you moving taking action and creating content that will lead to growth plus there's going to be software giveaways Tech giveaways and even a brand new YouTube camera so if you're interested just go to tube 1K challenge.com or click the link in the show notes and now let's get back into the episode speak to a specific Persona platform proficiency always show up uhhuh number four relieve pain points forget about vitamins we're in the painkiller business break it down it's a good line isn't it um so there's an old saying uh that we used to to say in finance which is that um people want to take vitamins but people actually take painkillers and so um if you think about that with content I think you have to you have to put yourself in the user's shoes and so when I think about what we create I realized something the other day which is we are in the most world right now content why it's permissionless anybody can do it I simultaneously have to compete with with Mr Beast giving away a million dollars with uh you know whatever the Rocks 24 pack and whatever new movie he has coming out with Trump and the presidential election with the news that comes out every single day like what other industry do you have where your competitors are literally the top of the attention takers in the world it's uh it's a really interesting model and we think that it's not that competitive because it's not that hard to start there's no capital expenditures money up front you know there's no real barriers to entry so you can just get going um but but don't don't be confused for one second that this game is incredibly competitive because it is and so when I think about what I serve our users I'm obsessive like my team will tell you I'm I'm maniacal about it because I think every moment that somebody spends with our content is me taking a small piece of their life tiny little moment because we only get so many of them and if they are going to give me that that tiny little moment I better give them back something worthwhile I better give them back something that maybe could create more moments in their life and I never want to give them junk food which is both fattening and calorie deficient uh simultaneously I want to give them something that can actually fuel them and so because we take that really seriously I think people watch our content a lot because I maybe there is this trust that I am actually going to deliver on the most valuable thing that they have which is their time number five keep repackaging oh yeah well we kind of touched on this a little bit which is um you know you you guys will have I use Twitter a lot because Twitter's like my thoughts so I'm you know kind of randomly as I'm going tweeting ideas things that are happening and I I don't really consume anything on Twitter I don't really consume news uh very often I do it in specific segments but I'll I'll post a lot on Twitter about what I'm thinking at the current moment and then I like to use Twitter as a feedback loop so what um what are people resonating with why do I use Twitter it's the the easiest type of content to put out you know it's simply words put out immediately also it's highly sharable so Twitter people can share stuff a lot as opposed to you just engage get engagement with your own audience on Instagram and so I find that Twitter is an interesting place for ideas to spark ah look at that little pun um and uh and so with that I will then take those tweets and you'll see them like layered throughout different types of our content those tweets will turn into Instagram reals those Instagram reals if I have a deeper thought on it I might flush that out and put those into part of our YouTube videos I like to put some of the tweets at the bottom of our emails and so it's not I don't do it like some do which is they're like every piece of content must become 10 pieces of content the truth of it is when you look at most channels performance there's an 8020 rule in everything in life right paro's principle the best things that you create will be outsize drivers of your return uh which is probably right in the realm of of 8020 and so I'd rather find the real gems and then repurpose those so strong so I looked up some of your top videos and I'm curious some of the things you think about in YouTube when it comes to packaging yeah and so let's see uh let's talk about the million viewed videos anything you're thought um do you remember making a video a year ago I bought land for 10K and makes me $1,500 a month that got 1.5 million views any thoughts on that video or just thought thoughts on the 8020 rule some of the ones that blew up and you know it's you look shocked there's a tent that is making 1,500 a month in the thumbnail like what goes into your process for creating that's a good video viral video over a million views um a couple things so I already told you I have to feel like the video is going to serve the audience right so that's base level I have to feel like on YouTube in particular we have we have an avatar we talk to we have a every day that I talk to on YouTube that I'm trying to serve and that is anyone who feels like we call him working John and for working John who is he he is uh somebody who wants more out of his life probably located in the US who is a builder and a doer and a charger but feels like he hasn't quite hit the Financial Freedom numbers that he wants he's looking for the things that will allow him to focus more of his time on the things that he loves as opposed to more of the time on the things that he has has to do and so when I'm when I'm youtubing I'm thinking very specifically can we help this person so the videos where we've done poorly is like we did a video we actually pulled it we need to repackage it somehow but we did a video that was like um here's how these like celebrities made their money and I thought it was interesting because I was breaking down all of the influencers businesses and like who makes the worst and why do I like this business versus that business this audience would probably really like it you'd be like wait why do you think you know Reese Witherspoon's business is better than the rocks and the Rocks is actually better than teramana which is George Clooney and like what makes those businesses difference and what are the multiples on those businesses it's kind of interesting if you're creating content you really want to understand what's the highest Roi that I can put in front of my audience that you know can make me money but also serve them um but working John doesn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and so you know I have to make sure that sometimes I just serve myself in videos which is okay you need to create things that you love um but every time we don't go viral is because I haven't made it accessible enough I haven't made it look like it's possible for them I haven't made it uh believable enough so like show me the proof show me the data and I haven't really served that audience and thought about what their highest and best use was and um every time I do that we have a viral video and every time I forget it we don't that's incredible now you're in the top 1% of content creators for entrepreneurs entrepreneur content creators um very inspiring it's obviously that's such a niche within a niche and so to hit a million subscribers and like business advice and boring businesses um and so I'm curious if you can rattle off the top of your mind how much time weekly do you spend and then you know for it might be more advanced building out a media company what kind of roles are on your staff and how do you delegate editing researching do you have researchers what how's it kind of break down yeah it's a really good point that you started out with Sean which is um the business Niche is incredibly small and Entrepreneurship Niche is incredibly small and I'm like force functioning people to care about business most people don't care uh my mom watches my videos and she goes that's cute you know I I liked that part uh like what do you like she's like all of it you know um so you know you do have to realize that the games that you play have repercussions and the repercussion of me thinking that business and Entrepreneurship is really important and everybody should have ownership in something and it will change their life is that I probably will never get as many views as a Kardashian wannabe applying 13 levels of lipstick and so you just got to decide what you want to do you know if you want to go really viral easily um I say easily none of it's easy but if you want to go really viral like makeup uh and Beauty channels have like eight X the level of Engagement of most other channels they also sell almost more products than any other channels so when you think the Kardashians aren't that smart you're wrong they're incredibly intelligent they apply the fact that they know that these channels are going to hit and then create Brands around them and so I just don't think the world needs another one of those I think there are plenty I'm happy to buy from them it's like not my jam but I have actually started I don't actually really care very much about clothes or makeup or any of that stuff and you might be like but Cody your face is painted like a clown today what do you mean you don't care you have so much lipstick on and part of the reason is is because I've realized this is like a um it's something that I've I've done because I understand it now but not because it's my natural state I've realized that to reach women we have they have to see things that they want of the life that we have and so they're not as inspired by a big bank account and this is gross generalization some of us are but they're not as inspired about a bank account they're not as inspired about huge level of businesses they're like are you happy you know do you still feel feminine you know are you and your husband happy too and then also can I be more financially free and so I've I've started to realize like oh okay it kind of ma this this personal brand really does matter because if it's up to me all I want to hear from somebody is the tactics I don't really care about anybody else but again the content's not for me it's for another and so um I think that was a really important point point you guys should really think hard about what your Niche is because sometimes these smaller niches are really hard to grow um the as far as a media company is concerned so contrarian thinking overall I want to build this you know you're you're bringing a guy that I have a massive amount of respect for which is Dave Ramsey um and Dave Ramsey is incredible because Dave Ramsey has had something probably the rarest thing that somebody online has had what do you guys think it is longevity uh Dave Ramsey has been doing this game forever and um he's done it in a way that hasn't degraded his reputation he's done it in a way that shows categorically that he's helping people and cares about them he's gone through periods of controversy like we all will if we're on the internet but man the guy has legs and so I have a lot of respect for him and I want to build a similar company for the Next Generation I want to build a media company and we're plowing millions of dollars into it to help people not just save this is where I disagree with Dave I think saving your way to Millions is really really hard actually I don't think that the data shows it it is much easier for you to earn more and thus get out of debt that way than it is for you to save your way out of debt very hard now both can exist and should and I'm very glad that a man like Dave Ramsey exists in this world but I want to have a little bit of the Counterpoint which is how do we all get true agents and ownership and so when it comes to How I build my team I'm building it with the idea of we just got an office in Austin Texas um the office and Studio thank you the office and studio is the first phase we're going to turn that into a compound overall we are hiring aggressively if you you guys can see the roles if you go to contrarian thinking. you'll see we have a whole segment on team what you'll also see there that's important is we have something called the contrarian Creed which are 13 principles that we drive as a company 13 because we don't believe in luck we try to make it and um and at the company you'll also see what it means to be part of of this company we're very Mission driven and I think Dave's done an incredible job of that so when it comes to my time you know I believe in like integration and not separation and so this week I think I had five speeches because I'm working on this uh book coming out that's abnormal but in between the five speeches we're doing like a very big uh acquisition which part of my team is working on and I'm on phone calls we've got a huge uh product launch that we have coming out in like June or July which is a SAS business I bought that we're going to grow and so we're kind of documenting all the things I'm doing in the beginning I shot one day a week I had all the scripts prepared I like went through all of them and that worked and then as we got bigger I realized why would I just try to come up with content when I can document as opposed to create and so the cool part about is if you if your if your content is authentic to you you you're probably already doing the thing that you're creating content about right so now there is some packaging and changing you need to make but the best creators are the ones that are like I'm building an aquarium also there's a camera and so that's how we should be with what we're doing I'm buying businesses also there's a camera and that is also a way I think to not get burned out you're talking about contrarian thinking you're building a media company but you're also building a personal brand what is your thought personal brand versus Media company and how people should approach that with maybe their personal goal if they're a business owner and wondering if they should get on camera and the power of personal brand is it right for them um in my opinion personal brands are easier to grow uh humans like and follow humans we do not naturally like and follow logos and so uh I took an easy path the easy path was build Cody and then build contrarian thinking and um I'm not sure that's the right path honestly if I if I was better at Brand building I would obsess on making contrarian thinking bigger which is going to be the next stage I mean how do you guys know I'm not good at Brand building somebody try to spell contrarian like immediately off there's like six vowels in there there's like four RS I mean it's I should have one word instead I have two words one's really hard to spell and there's like 13 eyes between them and so so um I if I was to do it again I would obsess on what my name was not my name but my Brand's name and I would make it short and piffy and really thoughtful uh I would complet in the beginning I completely disregarded that because in finance nobody cares you know you guys go to Merill Lynch and Morgan Stanley and you know bar and nobody really even knows um how to spell bear and so it didn't matter to me but now I do think it matters easier to grow a personal brand harder to grow a business brand but the business should Outlast you as a person and unless you've created that you have only created a very public job for yourself not a real business and so the next stage of what we're doing is really building out the contrarian thinking Media company as a whole and with that comes we now have two newsletters um we're about we just launched a podcast the podcast is called the big deal podcast um that can transcend past Cody we we have multiple social media channels and now we have social media channels for the podcast and um we need to do a better job of the overall company brand building and I think if you guys are in it don't forget that because it is the only thing that will help you eventually create a business on a job that transcends the time and hours you work in it so Goldman Sachs research said that the Creator economy the total addressable Market could double in the next three years that right now it's about $250 billion uh industry and that it's going to be a half a trillion dollars by 2027 and this Creator economy a little bit different where yes there's maybe some entrepreneurs that start creating content but then in and of itself it's its own business in some cases Yahoo finance said the crater economy um is the fastest growing small business type uh Wall Street Journal was talking about how YouTube is the most consequential technology in America and they were talking about it's the healthiest internet economy it's not the perfect internet economy but how many people make jobs the fact that YouTube gives 55% of the revenue is unlike any other platform Tik tok's trying to figure it out they might be gone in a few weeks who knows they might be banned um but even the Facebook bonus program and anything nothing compares to the money you can make on YouTube I'm curious just your thoughts for maybe strategic advice this is you've got you're building the aquarium in a cameras on and many here are doing that they want leads and clients and they're going to growth hack their businesses but also a lot of people here want to be content creators your thoughts on making money and earning money from content creation you shared something you said Target groups with cash curiosity and consistency what do you mean by that one I think making money from content purely is a terrible idea terrible idea let me tell you why it's the lowest form of Roi you can have uh it is more volatile than women on the Vegas Strip I mean this is a terrible way to live your life um because the platforms change all the time algorithms change all the time uh it's expensive to produce great content and you are taking like a percentage of a percentage of a percentage on on a platform when you're providing all the lead flow I mean YouTube is like you know what YouTube is you know what you're doing when you create YouTube videos when you create YouTube videos you are creating ads for YouTube to use to grow their business to sell more things to people you're like you're an ad agency basically and so um I don't like that model because she's a finicky mistress and because I take such a low percentage of the take-home and so I think if you're like I hate to generalize it by age but if you're really young and like you want to mess around on this platform you can make meaningful money when you're young on this platform when you are have money if you don't need money but you just like creating stuff online great you could do it for that reason otherwise it's a terrible way to make money um and instead I would make sure that I had something to sell somebody or I had some Revenue stream that was not dependent on the content gods and the other reason why I believe this a lot is because remember what you're doing you're in you you've basically become an attention collector when you're creating content and what a more dangerous game to play than have to Chas face attention in order to pay your mortgage and I think that's really scary and is why news media Outlets have had the situation that they've had they had to go down the rabbit hole all the way to lizard people exist because they were chasing attention and so what could be more inflammatory than lizard people um although having met some people in Washington I don't know maybe um so that that's my takeaway there it's not a great way to make money YouTube is the best um but I wouldn't do it for that reason I would take that money I would put it back into content but I would first find a better way to drive revenue and there's so many ways to do it take 100% of the pay home for the attention that you get as opposed to a small percentage from YouTube and so you're saying make sure you have a business that's not just based on ads but have a product have a service and one or or partner with people who have businesses products and services own a portion of those earn into a portion of those businesses if you're not a good operator don't try to operate a business but maybe have something else that is a little bit more consistent than YouTube Revenue so while you're hot go try to partner with if you're an accounting YouTuber go partner with an accounting firm and say Hey I want to put you as a sponsor in all our videos not just for a dollar amount but I want to actually earn a portion of your business and distributing uh equity in that business and for that I won't promote anybody else I'm just going to promote our thing and we can grow it together and you basically become the distribution engine or the sales engine to somebody's operations and product engine so you don't have to build the business but you need a business that can drive revenue for it could be an events business you know it could be something else that allows you to offset the gods of the internet do you read your comments on bad days um yeah I mean it's such a I don't really read them on Tik Tok um I don't read them on YouTube Shorts YouTube shorts are mean yeah uh bunch of meanies on there uh they're like must be nice your husband being rich like he's in the military you guys like Lee do your homework um so so I don't read those like I'll do it for Signal not noise because I'm not a masochist completely um I will read YouTube comments cuz I'm kind of curious about what they thought of the video if they've spent a lot of time there are we doing it right or wrong I will I will read some Twitter comments I find those not as high signal to noise I will read comments on videos that go really viral just to make sure like sometimes we'll have a video go viral and be like great this video is so good and then I look at the comments it's like I hate you I hate you I hate you and you're like oh that's why I went viral um so I'm I'm thoughtful on it but um what I found about negative feedback is one you guys this is I'll tell you a little secret that I've never told on the internet so I have only ever once trolled a troll back have you guys ever trolled a troll it's smart I hear her but anybody who has anyway so I trolled the troll back and I thought I was funny I thought it was really funny it was some guy and he called me I don't want to say who he called me because he's actually a nice guy but he called me like a name a comparison of somebody else of a person that I don't think that highly of and you know was like Cody Sanchez is the X of X and um I didn't like that comparison and so I did the responsible thing which is double click on his profile and see exactly what's going on in this guy's life and uh and determined that he you know kind of sporadically flipped houses somewhere and so I wrote on there on his response something to the tune of um I hope you own more real estate in real life than I do in your head right now rentree which is like was a little mean and then and I said uh but if not boy do I have a course for you oh Don't Clap here's the sad part here's the sad part there there are literally human beings who will make it their life mission to just chirp at you mhm and if you do this you're going to find some of them and this guy's one of them like he went kind of nutty I kind of thought about maybe I had to get a restraining order he posts this crazy stuff on Twitter on the time he started asking me for feet picks in the DMS while like saying this stuff publicly um and so it just became kind of a nuisance and so while I thought I was quite clever it's really not worth it you know how they say don't engage with the trolls I truly think unless you find and even if you think you find a perverse pleasure from it UPF front it's not worth it and I honestly think we have to be a little bit nicer to the trolls sometimes because these guys live miserable lives with absolutely no relevancy where the only place online they can punch up is by tweeting at somebody who's doing while they are actively not and so ignore the noise and even when it feels like you would have a better comeback line let the trolls live under the [Applause] bridge was a good was a good line though so I'm so excited for your book coming out thank thank you and um we actually want to hook up everybody at the conference with Cody's book for free we'd love to cover that yay thank you Sean so you uh I think we have a QR code and then if you do miss it now uh just to get some information so we know how to send it to you and where to send it and then um there's also some QR codes on the back tables so in case you miss it now or you want to get that uh but tell us about the book what's the uh the all the details so you'll know we're going to uh talk about the book's title the book's cover I'd love you guys to choose it with us we're going to post it on Instagram and get feedback I have like three versions of the cover I'm working on right now uh the book will come out in December uh I believe the the release date is like December 3rd so save your calendars we're going to do like a crazy big thing for it you'll see it um and then we're playing this game which is the most ridiculous game of all time um which is trying to hit the New York Times bestseller list which is hard there's like Wizards back there that sort of like bless you or don't and um so anyway so we're doing uh a big push in June for pre-orders for it so I'll share afterwards like did we hit it did we not here's what we did did this work in case you guys want to write a book you can steal my homework um but the the book is about all the things we talk about which is this idea of can we take back our communities by owning small businesses how do we do it how do we do it without being millionaires why is it maybe easier than ever to do it right now and what are the repercussions if we don't uh which is that we become renters at best and squatters at worst in a world where the few own everything and we ask for permission and so um I hope the book is a mixture of a big idea with stories that get your brain rolling and simultaneously real tactics on if I want to go from a to owner to Empire Builder to hold co-owner exactly how to do that amazing so we want to make sure that we can hook you up with that so you'll see if you have that information where they could send it and then even being a part of the process I love that that we get to be involved in that and uh so take advantage of that you just did a post and you gave some advice for entrepreneurs four things you said find God get to the gym go on more walks and raise your prices now break those down in no particular order um listen I uh I don't profess to to for if my mom knew that I was telling people to find God she'd probably she'd probably think I was possessed I was a hell of a child um but the truth of the matter is is that I think that when you have a why and a reason and a faith whatever that may be um this game of life which all ends in death for every single one of us gets a little bit easier and if you guys have ever been an entrepreneur or a Creator you know that there's a moment where you will sit head in your hands in the dead of the night wondering what the hell to do next with no idea the answer to that question question and uh I tell people a lot that the most important thing that you can ever do is be an owner I don't tell you it's easy because it's not but it is the most worthwhile Pursuit you can have and so I say find God because you need a reason to do the hard it's only through the hard you will find the incredible but I do believe that it's much easier when you can work like it's up to you but pray like it's up to somebody else and the mixture of the two is powerful so that's one um the second one is you know I saw this meme that I can't get out of my head and the meme was essentially it was like this frazzled guy with like crazy hair and red blood shot eyes and he's like praying and like looking up at God and he's like God is this the biggest struggle that you've ever put in front of me and then it was like God looking down at him and he's like no bro like go outside get some vitamin D and put down your phone and I think that that is often the case for most of us it's like you we need strong bodies in order to have strong mind and for some reason there's an attack on both of those um and then the the third that I think about you know continuously is is the third about walking outside yeah go walk outside yeah so I answer both of those and then the last one uh raise your prices now we analyze thousands of small businesses every year A Main Street holding company if you're ever thinking about selling any type of business you can go to Main Street holding company you can send the business to us and we will analyze if we might want to buy it and if not we could also give you a place where you could sell the business with other people and and um and what I am fascinated by continuously is that almost every business that comes to us is underpriced I I don't I don't know if I've ever seen a business where I thought man the prices on this didn't make sense for the business to run and so um there's a guy by the name of Patrick Campbell who's a friend of mine he's on Twitter and um he works a lot on this idea of pricing and so whenever I have a new business that's struggling with the pricing model I typically go to him and say how should we how should we mess with this a little bit and he he has a couple of Frameworks that I like which is one raise your prices when now raise your prices when often raise your prices when you only have one level you need at least five and five doesn't mean that you need front leaning pricing you could have different layers that nobody can see but what's astounding to me is that most people their prices are a reflection of what they think their value is so take a deep look on what you think you're worth can you believe are worth more and can you deliver on that worth and if you can raise your prices Cody Sanchez final question if we want to make these next 12 months our best 12 months we definitely want to create content but we're all trying to build a business leveraging online and we also want to build strong families and make an impact what are some parting words for really building some massive momentum in this next 12 months you've done the first thing I always say which is get in room where other people's Tuesday is your dream day you're here there's a truth that is shown both by the data and both by our feelings which is that uh most things in life are contagious energy money belief opportunity and it's pretty wild bunch of data supports that if you are overweight and you hang out with people who are extremely fit more often than you hang out with anybody else your likelihood of becoming fit actually increases if you hang out with the opposite the same is true the same is true with money you know one of my favorite uh mentors Bill Perkins um who wrote di with zero you know he did me maybe the biggest favor I've had somebody do me in the last three years which is we were walking along his like Compound on Lake Austin and he I was explaining some of my ideas ideas I thought were really big like we're going to change the world with these ideas and as we're walking along you know have you guys ever had like you you tell you come home you're really excited to tell your spouse or your girlfriend or boyfriend something you're like so excited you explain it to them and they just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all over the idea does that ever happened just me um so anyway I'm walking with Bill I'm all excited Bill kind of stops and looks at me and he goes do you think that you have been around small business for so long that small has infected your thinking I was like and young Cody young idiot 21-year-old wannabe life coach Cody would have probably pushed back on him you know I would have been like what do you know yeah I'm going to do this don't tell me what to do but more evolved Cody thought huh if a guy who's worth a billion dollars and I am not yet worth that with many aspects of the life that I want says that maybe I need to listen and so I said I'm not sure bill but let me think about it and as I thought about it I realized he was completely right my idea was too small it was too safe and so if you're going to change anything in the next 12 12 months I believe which is why it's one of the first products we created at contrarian thinking it is all about the people you surround yourself with the likelihood I watch we've taught 3,000 people live how to buy businesses in person versus 5,000 people go through courses who do you think buys businesses more people the community why is the information different no the information is exactly the same why do you think these people also buy 2 to 3x larger businesses than these people because they have other people around them that are telling them to do it it is why I categorically disagree with people who say that we shouldn't build communities when we are creators if you want to achieve something if you want to buy a business you're an idiot if you don't get in into a community where you can do that today if you want to grow content you're an idiot if you don't get into a community of content creators it is the fastest way to steal somebody else's Energy Information and confidence and so if you were going to do nothing else I would say get in the room where other people are already playing the game that you want to learn to play if you enjoyed this content and want to take your YouTube channel to the next level just click or tap the link on the screen or go to tube 1K challenge.com to join our next live YouTube challenge you'll learn our best tips and strategies that are working here at think media and I think you'll love it

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaPodcast [9 likes]: ⚡ Join to Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉 http://tube1kchallenge.com/
  2. @inyourcalling [4 likes]: I think the major problem is that content creators don’t discuss their topic with likeminded people therefore they feel insecure. 

But once the thoughts are spoken out multiple times in a safe environment, it’s so much easier to communicate them on social media.
  3. @CindyDunroe [2 likes]: I LOVE CODY!!!!!!!!  AND I look up to her!!!!!!  Thank you for being YOU and staying curious!!!!
  4. @dennisdunn7785 [2 likes]: Codie Nailed It!
  5. @318mangini: Holy shit... I'm working John. 😮
  6. @matioz9125: Alp
  7. @Janetpaints: I loved this and hated this at the same time… not sure why
  8. @megrefitness: Ignore the haters... I'll stick up for you anyday Cod🎉ie. Thanks for your advice!
  9. @jeremyleonbarlow: Jennelle Eliana got more than a million followers from one video. It is possible.
  10. @global_finence: Sir I need your help please help me sir
  11. @sobeidalagrange7129: 05:55
14:00
20:00
35:00
43:20
01:03:40
  12. @danieladiaz8381: Los amo. Besos❤
  13. @Wulfsonly: I need a Codie in my life!!!
  14. @reaching70: I am very touched  by her story about human trafficking. I appeciate her heartwarming vision and I hope she impacts more people especially ladies in positive ways. I also appreciate the buffet charity to give her that opportunity so she grew this great!
  15. @rldiaz01: Mind blown and inspired. Thank you guys. Standing ovation for Codie (new mentor found!)
  16. @rldiaz01: This is totally inspiring, mind blowing and revealing. Thanks for this epic podcast, congrats to all the staff.
  17. @RandaMohamed-qr2yx: This is an amazing video, thanks Sean and Codie
  18. @christyl1728: Thank you for sharing! We appreciate you!
  19. @StephenTSampson: I am not spanish, my family came from far north in germany. New york city, pennsylvania, ohio, new jersey, massachusetts, even south carolina had settlers from germany. Maybe you should go there, or south korea, or india.
  20. @awiseliving: I would love to follow you and connect with you in my joyful journey to @awiseliving I am getting back in looking at youtube's opportunities and of course the social media ---

- "Corporate" videos are boring – We're Umault, a B2B video marketing agency: Kind: captions Language: en - Why do B2B videos always have people in a conference room with generic charts and someone writing on a whiteboard? Hey, Lou, what you writing? - I have no idea. - Don't make a normal, boring corporate video. Make a video your prospects actually wanna watch. We're Umault, click the link to learn more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Crazyguyyoi [20 likes]: Editor forgot to put the link 😂
  2. @mxstudent5528 [11 likes]: "Thisisagreatvideo!Veryinformativeandwellpresented.Thanksforsharing!"
  3. @Alex-NoLife [9 likes]: An add for this came up for me presently and my interest in a company I just learned about has never been higher
  4. @Moawiah_Jamal [3 likes]: Very lovely work!
  5. @centuryheist [1 likes]: Damn! This was good
  6. @DreiiFernandes [1 likes]: 100% but sometimes its those clients just seeking for a serious corporate video for some reason. After seeing the proposal they ban the shots that they think are too fun or creative, maybe a better way to say it is they find it "inappropriate"? or "unprofessional"? but yeah, especially if its by PR or Marketing Heads but not the boss themselves. idk its weird sometimes with corpo clients
  7. @thumbihouseYOUTUBE [1 likes]: You mean a cinematic corporate video? I'm in
  8. @Biaza_TM [1 likes]: What music is being used in the end?
  9. @robbioe [1 likes]: This was good. The algo got me
  10. @leydofilm8373 [1 likes]: Could you show any your b2b corporate videos..?
  11. @OgunniyiFeyisayo [1 likes]: Nice
  12. @上原恵太郎 [1 likes]: lols.
  13. @pettywab: I'm back to shw love again.
  14. @LavishChaudhary-wb9ul: H
  15. @WFR1Y0XX99A7: Yeap. Already ai beating these thing's
  16. @WilliamSolyphus: Bye, loser 😘✌️
  17. @QUATNEWS-k1w: 😅😅😅 that's fun
  18. @williamestrada8936: ◇◇◇◇
  19. @Jess.TheConnector: cant seem to reach you through your website
  20. @linwang-pz4he: Can you help me make a video?

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- I Tried Every Viral TikTok Food Hack: Kind: captions Language: en Nick: We're going to be testing the most viral TikTok food hacks such as this Skittles, popcorn, Jello, Boba and so much more. Faze Rug::We're starting with the watermelon juice hack, and we're going to be using an immersion blender to juice the watermelon inside the watermelon. Nick:All right. I cut out a hole. Faze Rug::You already see the juice coming out. Whoa, oh, oh. Whoa. That's crazy. Wait, What? You can either drink it out of the watermelon or pour it into a glass. Cheers. Nick:Cheers. That's a great hack. Next up is this Skittles popcorn hack. Apparently, if you go into a pot with a little bit of oil, add in a few popcorn kernels and then cover with some Skittles as it pops, the Skittles are supposed to explode onto the popcorn and make this delicious, crazy tasting Skittles flavored popcorn. It's only been a few minutes and these Skittles are starting to bubble up and crack. It smells super sweet. Fruity stopping. Dude, the colors are crazy. I thought this was going to fail. Oh, I can already see color popcorn. It works. Dude, What? That's so sick. So here's a perfect cluster of our Skittles popcorn. We've got yellow there, red there, green there. It's a rainbow popcorn. Wait a second. Faze Rug::Hold on. Nick:That is good. Faze Rug::I did not expect that to actually taste good. It's a little sour, right? Nick:It tastes weird. Faze Rug::Okay, now the aftertaste is kind of weird. Nick:It's actually pretty bad. Faze Rug::Supposedly, if you put milk in a foam soap dispenser, it foams the milk for you. Nick:Basically, just like a homemade milk frother. Faze Rug::I don't believe this one. Nick:I don't either. But it would save a lot of time for your morning coffee 100%. We'll fill it up with some whole milk. Faze Rug::Dude, I will be mind blown if this works. I'm not even lying. Nick:I'll do this every day. Oh, it's working. Wait. I thought never in a million years would this work. Faze Rug::Wait, no, wait, bro. Who finds these things? Nick:This doesn't make any sense. Faze Rug::The thing is, it kind of does make sense, but I don't know who would try it. Nick:This hack works. Next up is this Kool-Aid and pickles. Hack. All you do is dump the pickle juice into a bowl. Then add in one packet of that nice, bright red Kool-Aid. My favorite flavor, and about a half cup to three quarters cup of sugar. That can't be healthy. Then we simply whisk it up, pour it back into the pickle jar to cover all the pickles. Faze Rug::Then you toss on the lid and let it refrigerate for about a week. Nick:We'll come back to these and check on them a little later in the video. Faze Rug::This is the easiest way to coat your chicken nuggets with your favorite sauce. Of course. Mcdonald's chicken nuggets, best nuggets. Nick: I'm going to go ranch. Faze Rug::Ooh, I do sweet and sour. Nick:So very simply, you open up your nuggets, drown those nuggets in the sauce, and once that's covered, shake it up as best you can to make sure you get maximum coating on those nuggets after you open it up. Wow. It looks good. Okay, that's sick. Let's see if it actually tastes any different. It's actually coated really well. Faze Rug::I mean, the whole nuggets covered. Nick:With that said, you have to be willing to get your fingers really dirty. Faze Rug::And it takes a lot of time. Nick:While this hack does work, I'd probably call it a fail shame. There's a similar hack that's specific to crispy chicken sandwiches that I'm excited to try. So very simply, you take out your sandwich, remove the buns, place the chicken back into the bag. Then you'll take the sauce of your choice, squeeze and dump that back into the bag. Faze Rug::Then you just close it up and shake. Whoa! Oh, no. Nick:Oh, no. I was so excited about this hack, too. But I will say, my chicken is coated quite well. Faze Rug::I think this is a success for sure, except that people say cinnamon rolls are better made in a waffle maker than in an oven. Nick:I will say I'm a huge fan of using waffle makers to cook just about anything. I have a recipe in my cookbook for Waffle Hashbrowns. Faze Rug::Whoa. Can you cook some for me after this video? Nick:Absolutely. Faze Rug::All right. First, we're going to spray down the whole waffle machine. Nick:Then we'll place down our cinnamon rolls, one on each of the sections and close it down to let them cook. A few minutes later, you have your cinnamon roll waffles. You can't forget to go ahead and add some frosting onto the top. And then while they're nice and hot, I wish everyone out there watching can smell what we smell right now. Here we go. Yeah. Faze Rug: Okay. This little one. Nick: Do this hack. Supposedly a lot of people use their old ketchup bottles to store their pancake batter so they can easily make pancakes at any time. Faze Rug::That sounds smart. No way. You get this without spilling. I'll give you a thousand bucks. Nick: You pour the pancake batter into the ketchup bottle. I almost had it. Perfect. I know. I smell the flavor of ketchup coming up and out of the bottle. Faze Rug::Now, you could store this in your fridge to make pancakes any time you want. Just like this. It makes it so easy to pour. Oh, that's perfect, too. Nick:And while we have this out, we've got to try one of the most viral things on TikTok ever. This mini pancake cereal went super, super viral. And I haven't yet gotten to taste it, but I'm just going to cover it up with a little milk. And then in we go for a bite. I think I'd like it if they were bathing in maple syrup, but milk doesn't make any sense. Faze Rug::While we're on the topic of mini cereal, these also went viral, which are mini donuts, and they're even more satisfying. I have a feeling mine's going to be a little bit better than yours. What the hell? Oh, that's so good. Nick:Oh, definitely not healthy. No. Delicious. This next hack is jello boba. You can make your own boba at home by basically setting jello into the bottom of a glass. Faze Rug::So I have strawberry jello here with strawberry milk. So you take the milk and you pour it on top of the jello. Oh! Nick:And if your jello is set, the milk should rest nicely on top, just like this. And for me, I have orange flavored jello with some regular milk, basically making an orange creamsicle boba. Faze Rug::Then you take your boba straw and you pretty much just stab the jello to make jello chunks that are pretty much your boba. Nick:So as you stab in, you can see it get all broken apart and you basically just want to continue jabbing the boba straw in and out until it's all broken up. I've broken up most of the jello in mine, so I think my boba is ready. Faze Rug::I'm ready to. I have a ton of chunks right over there. No way! Nick: It worked so well. Faze Rug::Wait, that tastes so good. This is a hack that I'll actually be doing in my free time. Nick:Now. Now, apparently, if you use a garlic clove to draw a shape in a pan, then crack an egg into that shape, the egg will stay within the lines of the shape. Faze Rug:There is no way I'm going to go ahead and draw a nice square with this garlic. A square egg would be crazy. I just don't understand how this one would ever work. Cracking the egg. Oh no. It like, slipped. It didn't work at all. Dude, I actually don't know if I'm just bad at cracking eggs or it just didn't work. Nick:We could try again. Faze Rug::Let's try again. We really want to believe that this works. Imagine being able to just make a square egg for that would be so cool this time. We can really clearly see the square in the pan is a little bit hot. Come on. On. Come on. I'm going to carefully and gently crack in this egg. No, it's a Phil. Nick:We all love fruit roll ups, but if you stick them in the freezer in a nice big stack, it turns them into a totally different treat. This right here is a stack of eight fruit roll ups. Faze Rug:Make sure your dentist doesn't see this video. Nick:Dr. Shane, if you're watching this, I'm sorry. Oh, it turns instantly from this really brittle, crazy sensation to that classic chewy. Faze Rug::It becomes soft again? Wow. Nick:I'm going to have a 150 cavities from this. Faze Rug: On the topic of fruit roll ups. If you put ice cream in the middle and roll it up, it instantly freezes it and makes a delicious snack. So we can pretty much call this fruit roll up mochi. Nick:I believe this one when I see it. All right. So you take your ice cream. We haven't even tasted it yet. And I know this one's going to be crazy. Oh, it's going to hit. Look, it's already frozen. Faze Rug:I'm telling you, instantly freezes. And then what? Which one's fire? Ten out of ten. You can make a taco shell out of only cheese. All you do is sprinkle some cheese in the center of a pan and let it melt down while the cheese is crispy, but still nice and soft. We'll go ahead and bend it up on the sides and then just hold it in the shape for a little while to try and let it set like this. And it only takes a few minutes. Once our cheese taco shell is set, I'll add some ground beef to the bottom of the taco. Nick:This is going to taste absolutely insane. Faze Rug:I can't even believe that it worked. But we're going to add some lettuce Nick: And then just a few radishes for the color. And that right there is a taco shell made entirely out of crispy golden brown cheese. Faze Rug: I'll have to walk away, bro. Nick:It's one of the best things he's ever tasted. This next one here is a favorite of mine, given I'm Persian, as it is very similar to a popular fizzy Persian drink that we make. First you pour the ice and now we pour the 7UP and the milk together. Oh, that already looks good. And it should become extremely foamy and fizzy. We'll top it off with a little bit of lemon and lime zest and a nice lemon wedge. And our drink is ready to taste. Give it a shot. Faze Rug::That looks like a perfect summertime drink. Nick:It's supposed to be extremely refreshing. Faze Rug::Dude, this is so good. Nick:There's an amazing hack to cut a bell pepper with no waste. Faze Rug: Normally, those annoying seeds get in the way, but this hack supposedly fixes that. Nick:Let's see if it works. All you're going to do is cut down the natural grooves that are in the bottom of your bell pepper. So to start, you flip it upside down. Then you simply take a knife and go down the sides. Faze Rug::Basically the lines in the bell pepper just do all the work for you. Once you've cut all the way down on the sides, you basically just peel it open like a flower. Whoa. Nick:Then to finish, you just cut off each of the sections, leaving us with this stump that has all the seeds. Faze Rug: And these perfectly cut bell pepper wedges. Nick:If you haven't heard of ice cream bread, we're about to find out if it actually works. Faze Rug: This is a super easy recipe. All you're going to need is melted ice cream and self-rising flour. Nick:The fact that it's so simple is the reason I'm not sure I believe that this will actually work, but the viral trend says that you end up with a nice loaf of this sweet bread. Faze Rug: I feel like we should spice this up a bit and put sprinkles and chocolate chips. Nick:I mean, if we're going to make this dessert loaf of bread, we might as well add some good stuff. Faze Rug::Oh, yeah. Now this will go into a pan and into the oven to bake. Nick:This right here is the loaf that we ended up with. And it actually looks pretty good. Faze Rug: It looks delicious. I'll do the honors of cutting. Nick:I'm excited to see what it's going to look like on the inside. Here we go. Ready? Moment of truth. Oh, wait. Whoa. This actually looks like a nice loaf that rose. Really, really well. Faze Rug::Dude, this is so good. It's also a really pretty. Cheers. We're just two ingredients. It's not bad. Nick:But at the same time, I will say, I feel like this bread would only really impress me if it was baked by like a six year old. Faze Rug: You can turn a corn on the cob into ribs. Nick:Start by peeling your corn on the cob. Then the slicing part looks to be a bit difficult. You just have to make sure you go confidently, straight through the center of your corn. Be careful on your fingers. You're going to need to use a sharp knife for this. Once you've got your halves, cut it one more Faze Rug: And just like that, these are our corn ribs that we're then going to bake. And these have just baked at 350 and they are now ready. Nick:How are you holding that? Faze Rug: Oh, I don't feel heat. Nick:They curled up even more in the oven. And I have to say they actually look really Faze Rug::Dude, it looks like a banana. Nick:The only difficult part about this recipe is actually cutting through the corn. Otherwise, this is some of the best corn I've ever had. Faze Rug::Ten out of ten. Nick:I've done a lot of different experiments with Oreos, but apparently you can make Oreo sushi. All you do is go ahead and take a few Oreos and separate them out into their individual parts. Once you've separated out a bunch of the filling, you take all the shells and blend them into a nice fine powder. Like this. You basically want to turn the Oreo shells into a dough. You just use a tiny bit of milk as you continue pulsing it up until it has a nice doughy consistency. We eventually roll it up into some plastic wrap like this and we can cut into it just like this, eventually revealing our Oreo sushi. Let me cut a slice for each of us and here we have it. A perfect bite of this Oreo sushi. Faze Rug: I don't know how to use chopsticks, guys. Oh. Nick:That's really good. I think it's time we go out now and check on these Kool-Aid pickles. We've been shaking these pickles up all day in hopes that they'll be done in time. And from what I can tell, the Kool-Aid has definitely soaked in. Faze Rug: Yeah, they look infused now, for sure. Nick:Theoretically, these pickles should be fully colored with Kool-Aid. Dude, that looks crazy. But the reason people do this isn't for the color. Supposedly for the flavor. Faze Rug: All right. Cheers. Nick:I don't know how I feel about this. Don't try these at home.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Greyblox1904 [2 likes]: Who wasted there time and counted up to 103😂
👇😅
  2. @pattyjopontillo8175 [1 likes]: Faze, I approve of ur jello boba
  3. @Siren-wym [1 likes]: r.i.p. Booker…❤
  4. @TatyanaKoltsovaTablet: Probably 😮
  5. @4theloveofsnow: Cheese is obvious
  6. @Maxphilips13137: I wish I could try that
  7. @PinkyLickersClub: Me xx
  8. @Milkalina._.Ofical472: Who is in 2026
  9. @Steve-l3l1o: Who is in 2026
  10. @justinbradford6081: oh my god i love you video.
 you are the best!
  11. @briandapatriciachavarriaol6390: No digas
  12. @кер_ку: Ник не надо звать этого типа он ряльно раздражает
  13. @שלמהלוי-ר3ט: איפה הבית הזה נמצא
  14. @SpacePebble-Adino: Hello
  15. @altvitoowen8439: itu yg paling bawah ⬇️ Yg paling kanan yg di foto 🤳 yg kiri apa 😮 ya 🙂‍↕️ lupa wkwk 😜 tapi mirip bgt mirip sih ya 🙂‍↕️ mirip banget mirip juga kan mirip sama 🟰 aku wkwk 😜 aku yg liat sekilas kek pernah baca ini juga tp 🧻 versi lebih pendek nya lebih mirip lagi sama 🟰 yang ini hehe 😜 aku lupa nama aslinya soalnya hehe 😝 hehe 😝 tapi
  16. @altvitoowen8439: saya juga mau dong kak kalo boleh hehe aku mau
  17. @井口はるき: Tight
  18. @ДМИТРИЙ-г7в4л: Кто из 2026?
  19. @ayeshakhadim493: In Pakistan  7up and milk is very Popular
  20. @ИванЗадорожин-о2б2в: 5:20 if instead of milk place yogurt get it in a fridge will be glass jello

- I tested the most VIRAL TikTok gadgets!: Kind: captions Language: en we're about to test the most viral gadget on Tik Tok to find out if lots of views actually mean something is good okay let's watch some Tik toks starting with 120,000 views to go on to Amazon you get a piece of acrylic you stick it on your exercise bike I have some doubts about the stability I can't believe how much this thing costed I thought it was going to be $10 it's 60 so we've got two very satisfying looking peels to pull off here that was better than any phone peel I've ever experience very appealing that was appalling okay it's on it's actually scraped a little bit of the material away which is not a great start so to be fair it does allow me to accomplish the core task of using my laptop while I'm exercising it's just a little bit wobbly and also doesn't quite come out close enough to be comfortable for me to perch on but I'd say this is a 5 out of 10 for the price so moving all the way up to 300,000 views right now it's a bin your smartphone so it's saying that this right here whoosh is the official screen cleaning fluid that Apple uses to keep their store models as shiny as possible I'm not going to lie the side by side is a little bit sus well it looks nice and premium and it does come with a microfiber cloth in the box which is always nice all right so let's just say you have a dirty phone like a very very dirty phone I really like the fact that this is proper industrial sized equipment like this is a 500 mil bottle of fluid okay right let's do the honors oh takes a second to get warmed up oh yeah that's the stuff not actually color like I was expecting the fluid itself already kind of looks a bit dirty the sacred swipe that's very good actually so literally within two strokes of the cloth that is what it looks like wow I think I have to give this in 9 out of 10 the only real downside being that it does kind of cause a bit of a mess so apparently this gadget solves your wardrobe space problems so it's like two hooks that can actually support six different pieces of clothing does that actually save space this is definitely one of the straight products that's arrived at my doorstep okay so this is what five shirts would normally look like using traditional hangers but then with this contraption it gives you a slot to hang each of these shirts individually into so far it actually takes up about three times the space the only reason this exists though is for you to then be able to take that hooker off ooh that saves you a ton of horizontal space let me explain so when you unhook the storage solution the compression of the hanging device reduces the cubic volume of air between each shirt by a factor of 3.5 the Garment do now rest 20% lower so they take up more vertical space but it means that the overall volume of the shirts in storage is scaled down to less than a half of what they originally began with or in other words 9 out of 10 some of my favorite home finds lately oh that's cool it's like a vertical waffle maker that's quite a good idea so this is like a cocktail glass that constantly stirs your drinks and then keeps telling you the next thing you have to put in it does seem like a cool way to make a cocktail do the fact that it's constantly mixing actually help you with something well this is really doing it for me anything involving brightly colored cocktails sign me up you get a glass you get a base feels a little bit cheap and cheerful but I'm enjoying it and then here's what the Tik Tok was really excited about it comes with an app that tells you exactly what to put in to make the drinks you want to make so you find a drink you like the look of and you click Craft oh God Bluetooth connection issues to my glass this is I know it's 2023 so it says Place Glass it's spinning so it's telling me pour lemonade until the coaster turns green it's filling up on the side that is actually so cool and now it's changed to add ginger ale it is a little sad looking it's not like you actually need to stir lemonade on its own we will follow the recipe pour in complete remove glass and enjoy tastes like lemonade and ginger oil caressed with a stirer is probably how I describe it to be fair it is mixed well there's no sign of Separation but I just don't see myself using this okay 500,000 views so look what you doing with that flower buddy soda can pump are you pumping air back into it I swear that's not how it works looks like he's giving the can CP I have to say nothing about the packaging or the appearance of this thing inspires confidence right so this is not what I thought it was it's not designed to be able to pump Fizz back into your flat drink it's just designed to stop your drink going flat in the first place so we all know that as soon as you've opened a can or a bottle of fizzy drink you just need to leave it for like a couple of days and all the fizziness just disappears so the base ring snaps onto the can you close the pump cap it's actually created a proper seal there and the idea is that by pressing this pump down we're drawing all the last bits of air that are in the can out of the can it's basically created a tiny vacuum at the top which stops further carbon dioxide from inside the drink from leaving we will come back to this in 3 days to see if it's worked okay it's been exactly 3 days since I put this in the fridge that was a reassuring pop and it's still completely fizzy congratulations Tik Tok so it's some kind of slicer you stick whatever you're slicing inside and you just bring the blade down wow and it's sliced I'm cautiously optimistic about this one I think the perfectionist inside of me is relishing the idea of perfectly sliced veggies every single time it's very exciting so we Chuck some small vegetables in now I guess this is just going to go down and slice them it feels like some sort of medieval torture device we're definitely sliced uh um so the way this is going to work is if you manage to get a vegetable that perfectly fills the inner chamber then this will completely cut it right down the middle but because in reality that's never really going to happen most of the time you're going to end up with slices that look a bit more like that potentially saves you little bit of time though so 6 out of 10 wait it says milk dispenser why is your milk green wo so this gadget converts apparently AAA batteries into ablea batteries okay I mean they come in a bag okay genuine real life situation here I wanted to boot up my Game Boy Color but I could not find any AA batteries at all in the house but in theory these cases should allow me to use trip oh they feel really nice and high quality flat end of the battery goes into flat end of the case and likewise for the top that could not be simpler to understand time to slip it in okay so they perfectly fit in the space made for AA batteries and yes it really does work which I guess makes that the first 10 out of 10 does everything you want it to do right we're past the 1 million view Mark now so it's like a Bluetooth speaker but it attaches to your showerhead and then when water comes through it spins a turbine which charges the speaker it can track water usage tell you the temperature I mean if that lives up to what the video is saying that would be an instant recommend now video like this really make you realize the variety of stuff that exists now thanks to the internet oh this is cool it's something that actually does look like a capable piece of equipment which I guess you'd expect it's $120 this thing is such a beast but to be fair it does still leave space to hold your handle let's see if it's effected the shower pressure so we are having a little bit of drippage down here at the bottom but to be fair most of the water pressure is preserved check this out it shows you the temperature of the water at any given time Ian I don't know what I'm going to do with this information but it does also tell you your estimated flow rate what does party mode do it's not the crispiest most accurate sound ever but it's very very Punchy makes you want to dance in the Shelf the reason to use something like this is the simple fact that you just don't have to think about it you would just walk into the bathroom your phone would autoconnect via Bluetooth and it will always be charged Bubble Spa mat that looks like a lot of options he's having the time of his life yeah I'm not going to pretend like I'm not incredibly excited by this okay so the mat is set up it's it does span the entire bath which is very nice one thing I don't like is the fact that it does create almost like an industrial piping situation CU you got this massive pipe which then has to plug into the bubble generating machine over here which in itself has to plug into the mains oh my God it is so loud I mean imagine you're having just like a nice romantic night in and then you just got that thing roaring in your corner see if it's worth it wo oh it's actually really really nice oh I kind of like it I feel relaxed standing in it oh if it wasn't for this noise I would genuinely give this like a 9 out of 10 but you're just not going to be able to relax with the sound of someone vacuuming right next to your face the labeling this one is the best Amazon purchase of my life okay massive onion can't cut it with a normal knife so the veggie chop comes in right okay so you load up the onions oh you crank it by hand that looks like a nightmare to clean I do love automating tasks why does it seem like such an as seen on daytime TV kind of product I felt slightly let down by the slicer from earlier I'm hoping this is the solution and then the top of this slicer basically connects to the lid of the container like an allen key you know the feeling when you feel like you're about to get satisfaction that time is now oh my god that actually works so well I didn't want to believe but easy 9 out of 10 we have just destroyed that Apple but apple is currently destroying Us in subscriber count so I set it as a mission for us to overtake them and if we do I will personally build the largest most powerful iPhone myself so a sub to the channel would be chopal over 3 million views for the nasal irrigation system so this is meant to flush your sinuses I guess W he he does not look happy I feel like I'm watching like an exorcism he got his kid's hand on his shoulder like there there it's okay dad poor guy there's like a concerned dog in the corner as well is this meant to make me want to do this I mean after that demo this is about the least excited I've ever been to test a product I really can't express how unexcited I am for this says nasal rinse mix oh to be fair it says contents sodium chloride so basically this is salt can't believe all of this is going up my nose oh oh so the salt is there as an antiseptic to clear the insides of your sinuses and I guess the idea is that this is going to spray water at high pressure to clear everything out oh God that feels horrible it's wow that's the initial surprise it's uh starting to feel quite [Music] Pleasant wow my nose feels so clear I have allergies all the time so my nose is constantly half blocked but feels like my first clear breath in a very long time I might actually voluntarily use this again 8 out of 10 oh it's like a self-heating cooking pot so you can cook while in bed watching Netflix I can't tell if this is genius or really really dumb I guess they're trying to frame this as the no need to leave your bed anymore cooking solution which I'd be lying if I said I wasn't fascinated to experience being able to film videos in bed this s great so one very immediate red flag this is not even long enough to reach your floor Bombay bad boy what a flavor I feel like I'm back at University again add some hot sauce and I guess just water okay so the heater is really powerful but if anything that concerns me slightly more the outside is all plastic though so you don't feel how hot it actually is okay here's the thing this product does do exactly what it says on the tin but why would you want to do that why do you want to cook something at 200° C on your lap you still need to leave your bed to go get Cutlery you still need to go get water from the tap at that point why not just go cook it downstairs and then ring it up like it's definitely getting really hot this will cook whatever you put inside of it oh smells so good especially after the nasal irrigation I mean look at me right now this is not a scene that should exist three out of 10 we're at 5 million views now wait this person is putting some sort of like Berry puree into the toall that then gets released into the face mask that can't be it there's got to be a next step here what does that do it looks very cursed and I feel like I need to get this the bath jacuzzi and the cocktail mixer all together that is one hell of a night in right let's pretend this isn't something straight out of your worst nightmare so that slips under there so I spent the last 5 minutes pureeing an old fruit salad into this there's so many instructions so the water logo is flashing which means 60 Ms of water in there it actually beeps to tell you when to stop okay 20 M of juice and now I meant to add wait what am I actually about to experience pills off Tik Tok oh it does actually say warning do not eat this is not food that's very satisfying you can see that it's in the process of making the mask so let's uh come back to it when it's done all right the laziest thing I've ever ordered from Amazon definitely is a here short video remote controller I know what this is going to do you wear it as a ring so the entire purpose of this device is just being able to wirelessly scroll your feeds I kind of hate that this exists but we are where we are you know with this thing what scares me a lot more than potentially finding out that I don't like it is finding out that I actually really do okay so I guess the situation here is I've just finished my ined pot noodles I'm very satisfied and now it's time to get into bed and to watch some Tik toks you're watching Tik toks like this you want to go to the next Tik Tok just tap the next button and it's the next Tik Tok there's a very slight delay because it's Bluetooth but there's no swipe transition at all it's just you click and it goes but then also when you want to pause you tap the middle button it's definitely one of those gadgets that's really well executed I would actually tell myself not to use this is that guy cleaning the outside from the inside that's not right I am a bit confused oh it's like a specific magnetic double-sided window cleaner that we have to try wow this thing is really heavy and the magnet that connects the two separate parts of it incredibly strong like you actually have to be very careful not to get your fingers in between these but I guess it makes sense because the magnets have got to be strong enough to attach from the other side of the glass I just wipe and it does both sides at once I mean it's incredibly cool but can you see how tenuous the magnetic connection is like the other one is ready to fall any second oh oh my God I mean that's just broken so this is a great idea but only if you have single glazing I can't give it more than like a four right we on 6 million views this device stops you from using your mobile phone why is this a thing you can still take emergency calls good I find it so funny that one of the the top cool Amazon gadgets is a gadget that stops you using your gadgets this is actually a little more advanced than I was expecting I assume this would just be a onetime use fun gimmick but it does seem surprisingly well thought out okay so you open it up you stick your phone inside you close the door you click the lock button and then this allows you to set the time that you want to lock it for so there is a screen protector that you can take off here it allows you to touch your phone in very specific places so I guess that would either be to tap some notifications or to answer a call it's still allowing you to use your phone it's just making it wildly inconvenient to do so at this point it's literally just world's dumbest case I can literally just fully play a game while it's in this case there's ever a bit of a screen you can't reach now you can I'm giving this like a two what are you doing to this banana this looks like a horrific form of surgery poor thing it's like coring the inside of the banana to be able to fill it with something else what in God's name why does it look so inappropriate God think innocent things think innocent things I mean this is absolutely the most sus Gadget so far oh yeah this is fun I am a massive banana man and I do actually eat banana with Nutella anyways right so it says start by cutting off the tip there's a lot of banana straightening in the instructions there straighten the Banana by putting the cut end into the holder oh okay and then you straighten the banana like this no way I don't think I've ever seen a straightened banana in my life so then you've got the cor so this is going to go through the middle of the banana and hopefully take out the inside and we go see you keep pushing pushing pushing pushing oh I don't want to break it and now that point I'm going to twist to break the core on the inside of the banana put my thumb over and pull out to use suction to hopefully pull it out I think it worked this is what we pulled out have you ever seen that before so now we load up the hopper this is going to get messy I can just tell okay so now we Slide the banana in slowly and carefully as soon as I do this it's going to fill it right up this is the funniest thing I've ever seen oh my god oh wow okay so it doesn't quite fill it up to the very very end so it's a little messy on this side but I'm assuming if we now open it from here you still have a clean full looking banana that once you slice come on come on come on oh it's so beautiful M and the proportion is just right it was a hassle to get there and I'm so glad we got there POV you're in a rush and you want to bring breakfast with you just about to show us some sort of alternative way of doing it crunch cup it's got a separate compartment for the milk and the cereal but it allows you to have both at the same time while keeping the cereal crunchy I mean this guy looks happy okay we all know that cereal is just an elitea snack and so a tool that's claiming it can perfect the cereal eating experience you know this thing has a very high ceiling okay so we get some milk into here this doesn't feel like a large amount of cereal I have to say so the cereal connects straight into the lid I'm slightly scared this is going to spill everywhere but then I think you just lower that that is a weirdly perfect fit so I've got a full access now to both my cereal on the inside and my milk through this little slit here I'm just now realizing this is for all those people who put the cereal in last I'm just drinking milk I got my first chocolate pop and we are probably 60% done with the milk it's just easier for the milk to come out than the cereal to come out cereal was designed to be eaten a certain way for a reason spiral candles are my new thing I'm actually low key a bit of a candle sucker also the wick is spiraling all the way around the outside and then once that's completely burned the wax melts into the middle which then allows it to be reused as a normal candle almost every single product that comes to me I usually have like a gut instinct of whether it's going to be good or not I have absolutely no clue here so apparently this is linen fresh oh you can see the wit going all the way around on the inside it's so much better use of the space inside a candle as opposed to just having one in the middle that goes down so the wax in a candle is used as a fuel to keep the wick burning there's actually less wax here than in a normal candle but the shape of it allows it to use the wax it does have more efficiently you can already see the melted wax trickling down into the center okay so T actually burned for a total of 6 hours which is much less Long than I was expecting however it's reached a very nice looking stage two so I would say this is a really nice novelty but it doesn't completely change the game for candles or anything so 8 out of 10 okay so we're in the 10 million view plus category now a Smart Lock for your door that allows you to set a combination passcode Ah that's pretty interesting okay this is right up our alley we have to test this man can you believe this thing was over $100 that is not cheap for a door handle okay it's finally installed this is one fiddly piece of equipment and I will say straight off the bat there's a couple of things I don't like about it when you pull the handle down it doesn't automatically snap up I would quite like it to just return to that position the LEDs on the inside feel pretty cheap like they don't fully light up each of the numbers but it does at least quite well serve the function it's intended for of being able to password lock your door or hey even fingerprint unlock like that why did I set it up in the bathroom there I'll give it a six I'm never buying from a small Tik Tok business ever again so it's some sort of box it has a bit of 3M tape on the back you take that off you stick it on your wall next to your door and it can apparently turn your door into an automatic closing door to save you the vast effort of having to close the door yourself little optimizations eh that was a 20 million view Tik Tok this actually works it could be a really powerful combo when paired with the fingerprint door handle okay so through here and we essentially want to attach this box just next to the door and then the hook that it latches onto is going to go at the same height but on the door itself and then all being well once this is latched onto this it's going to create a strong enough pulling force that this door will now automatically close oh my goodness got to say the mechanism does make me slightly uneasy in case at any point this say flies off the wall and smacks you in the face but it does seem like they've thought of that and this is stuck on very very securely and my favorite part of this is that it closes with enough force to be able to actually latch the handle of the door on its way out this has over 65 million views looks like I'm watching an alien abduction so it's a robot that secures itself onto a jar and unscrews it for you I'd be interested to see if it's powerful enough to unscrew ones that even I get stuck on $20 is what this was probably one of the cheapest robots you can get okay I have a jar which uh conventional means May struggle to open so if I'm not mistaken you place the robot on top and then press this button I guess I hold it down it's uh tightening its grip and the secondary hands are coming in to hold the glass itself straight this is wild oh man Tech is cool sometimes it's a little niche to give it a 10 but it does do exactly what it says on the the jar 9 out of 10 okay I think we're done there's a little suction button here which is meant to pick up any excess liquid we've tried so many question able things this video it's really hard to know especially on Tik Tok what's actually legitimate and what's not speaking of which I don't know if you've noticed this as well but the number of spam fishing emails I've been getting has literally gone through the roof recently I've literally been getting over 200 emails every single day and only like 20 are actually from legitimate sources and it's not like if you click the links in these you waste 5 Seconds of your life and you can just carry on with your day some of these links can very literally gain access to your entire machine your accounts every bit of data you own by silently downloading files without you even realizing oh God it's so gloopy hundreds of even Youtubers with proper two- Factor authentication have had their accounts hacked with this exact method so guardio is a tool that I've started using recently to combat that and while I add this layer of protection to my face let me tell you how to do the same with your accounts it's a browser extension that once installed will first do an initial scan it'll show you what threats you already have and once you start your 7-Day trial it will remove them I think I'm going to make myself comfortable like you come with guardio it's like a digital Shield that looks over you seamlessly in the background it scans all links before you click them it scans all files before you download them it traces the sources of all the intrusive notifications you're getting to make sure they're not actually coming from viruses and can clear them from the source we're in a time where scammers are Reinventing themselves every single day and genuine malware exists in very legitimate places like Facebook ads and Google ads so guardio will help you get your security up to scratch they're now offering us a free 7-Day trial as well as a 20% discount off the already quite affordable price especially considering that one account covers five separate users and that'll Auto apply you had to guard. iboss

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mrwhosetheboss [5000 likes]: I still can't get over the Banana Machine 😂
I can't believe how fast we're catching up with Apple in Subscribers - Thank you! ❤
  2. @thecolourfulpill: 19:17 I've seen several airbnbs and a hostel use these handels. It's honestly hella annoying to have to figure out how to open the hostel at 2AM, when you're tired and have never used one. We had to call the staff like three times (and it was somehow my fault 😭😭).
  3. @Brayw87: yea bro wheres that phone at u promised us
  4. @smokeh_voidz: Muffinjuice ahh video
  5. @BeatM_Videos: Sorry, but I'm Unsubscribing!   God doesn't like "Oh my god" comments when applied to earthly Tech. After all, He deserves the FULL credit for ALL the Tech built into His Universe! TikTok can't claim the praise....
  6. @martinbones681: I have never, ever, needed to store a can of soda. What would be useful is being able to repressurise a 2-liter bottle.
  7. @ArpanPanicker: The first Google Pixelbook is still my favorite laptop from a build perspective, with an insane slim profile,  an incredible keyboard, and the perfect glass touchpad. They never did that again. Really really hoping that the Googlebook is the sequel I've been waiting for!
  8. @JordanTidwell-s2n: I Love Mrwhosetheboss videos 🧡💜
  9. @TheBeardedRob: @Mrwhosetheboss

I know I’m late to the party but the door closer is actually a good use for offices, and children (because kids don’t wanna close doors for some reason haha) 

Cheers 2 years later 🎉
  10. @alexeymikitenko3618: 17:08 if it was also a thermos, it would sell out in a second the second this is in stock
  11. @IsmatReales: Anyone else here found this by accident and glad they did?
  12. @JackDaveyShaw: AAA and AA batteries are the same voltage, just AAA are smaller so hold a lower charge. If you put AAA batteries in a case that scales them to AA batteries they will just run out quicker than AA ones. Pretty pointless product when you could just buy the right batteries that fit...
  13. @lukasschaak: About the crunch cup. You put your tongue on the hole for the milk and first get some cereal in your mouth, than you open the hole for the milk and drink some of it. So that way you don't get soggy cereal
  14. @susu_karne_wala: Dude how many ads are in this video ong
  15. @Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbish: The banana filler should’ve been on the cursed tech video😂 tad suspect mate
  16. @cfcddfiugt9190: im reading all these comments and why has nobody mentioned him getting in the bath tub with jeans on..
  17. @FlameAbhi907: I use a chopper all the time
  18. @EDITtrap3: You used tap water for the nasal irrigation u could get an amoeba
  19. @sa4me4: WE need an 2026 version
  20. @ZachToo_Nice351: @mrwhoistheboss have you ever played brawl stars

- TRYING VIRAL TIKTOK FOODS because I dont care for my health *stomach has left the chat*: Kind: captions Language: en straw please thanks oh it's not bad let's open the fight oh my god [Music] hey guys integral courtney welcome back to my channel i am back with another video okay shoulder is out the streets are calling my dad the streets are calling my name she belongs to the streets testing testing one two three i know you hear a difference i was going through tik tok and honestly i have been seeing so many different people try different types of foods that i didn't think was humanly possible and so we're gonna be trying to get today there are some things that i've seen that i don't understand as in this what is that what is that what is why are we getting a jalapeno stuffing some cream cheese in it and some takis and calling it food why are we doing that you know what we're going to try today we're going to see if it's actually good and i'm also going to be trying a couple starbucks drinks i just want to try stuff you know it's a chill day and check oh somebody also i don't know if y'all noticed i don't have the merch on today but that does not mean that the merch is not here the merch the merch is always here come on look at this lavender with your lavender look at that lavender on black yeah yeah y'all see the back it's always here get your easy merch today recent march if you don't know makes you 16 more attractive i don't make the science the scientists do if you're new to my channel thank you so much for coming and if you're attending subscribers thank you so much for coming again and thank you so much for also being a reezy if you don't know what a rizzy is these are the best people on the internet i don't make the rules have you hit the subscribe button go ahead and do it i'll give you i'll give you three seconds okay have you done it have you done it but yeah let's start trying stuff i don't know let's see we in my kitchen we're in the kitchen we're going to try the nature cereal first i'm trying the coconut water berry breakfast cereal i have blueberries strawberries pomegranate coconut water okay lizzo i like ice with my cereal why are you talking like that oh it's good this better be good no i'm actually gonna be pissed if it's not good it better be good it's busting blueberries look like they were picked fresh off the bush like i'm seeing stems this is how you know i don't eat fruits like this okay so we got the berries we got the strawberries we got the blackberries we got the pomegranates and we have coconut juice so let's start off with the blueberries i'll sprinkle some in here blackberries these blackberries look good actually strawberries i'm gonna get this take the leaves off you're not a barbarian you don't eat the leaves time to rinse i cut up the strawberries and so now we're going to add the pomegranates my biggest issue with pomegranates is that i always spit out the seeds are we supposed to swallow that coconut oh my god this better be good the way lizzo was eating this it better be good the moment we've all been waiting for her is it good it was actually not bad at all really are you swallowing the pomegranates and stuff yeah you're probably going to just suppose because i never swallowed it i don't know but in the video they said that this is supposed to fill you up give you energy i can't imagine this filling me up why would i write this seven and a half seven i would give it a eight eight eight like it's good it's not bad i'm really confused with all the people that said that this was nasty y'all just must not eat fruits at all because this is not bad i like blackberries i'm gonna join the blackberry squash and i'm not talking about the phone hold on do y'all get it i love you so that was actually a really good successful first trial made another ball is it busted miss frizzly it's blessing blessing it's blizzard it's funny so the next thing we're going to try is jalapeno stackies and cream cheese that is can you bring out the cream cheese please i give the orders around here we have the jalapenos here and then we also have bell peppers because there's another like tik tok food that's just like bell peppers and cream cheese i think right there oh my god wait i forgot i forget that that's the main ingredient okay um so we're gonna go to the store and i have to buy myself some taki we're gonna try the bell peppers bell peppers with cream cheese this sounds nasty snack time at work bell peppers cream cheese everything bagel and i want pepperoni today let's see let's do this um it's gonna be bell peppers with cream cheese and bagel seasoning we don't have bagel seasoning so we is there some black pepper get some cajun seasoning get this on cajun seasoning maybe some parsley for a little razzle dazzle okay cutting it up so you just eat that yes you just eat bell peppers and cream cheese it sounds like a dissonance like give me a spoon please a spoon full of sugar makes the messy go down we have the cream cheese on the bell pepper i'm gonna add more cream cheese because i'm one of those people that like cream cheese so we're gonna try it now um negative six out of ten negative six out of ten you people are trying to kill me okay so now i'm gonna go and we're gonna get starbucks we're gonna try starbucks drinks period well you're getting excited you think you're coming you're not coming now we're going to go to me sorry hello we're in the car off to starbucks let go okay thank you so much i feel so bad i know she was so mad when i was giving her all those orders thank you i'm excited so we have the starbucks drinks i'm really excited to try it this one is um a tall ice white mocha iced um extra caramel drizzle with vanilla cold phone why you looking like that you thirsty a little bit guys i'm making a tick tock right now so we're gonna try it at the same exact time basically it's not bad hold on hold on all right okay six out of ten six out of ten six seven okay so this drink is actually not bad at all i think the only thing is like it tastes like coffee kind of scrubbed the next one is going to be the grande lemonade with raspberry and also strawberry acai on top if it was two months ago i would have said akai akai i didn't know it was pronounced acai who's making these pronunciations i feel like there's not enough raspberry syrup or something because it's just it's like flavored water i like it okay okay i like it yeah oh you can have that the next is gonna be the mango dragon fruit and it has no water hat you know y'all know what's in it okay oh this is good this is good the faceless person in the back doesn't like it but we like it so now that we finally tried everything it's time for us to go to the store and get talk oh my god this is a long video we're back home i stopped at the gas station to get some takis we got the jalepeno this is the last thing we're trying i feel like i've been trying things all day i've been filming for three hours i'm tired i'm exhausted honestly truly but this is the last thing that we're trying it's gonna be the jalapeno cream cheese and packing i don't know every time i say this every time i say jalapenos like i feel like i get into an accent like i don't know what it is anyways i don't know what accident is so what we have to do is basically cut up the jalapeno stuff in some cream cheese until you can't stuff anymore and then stuff in some takis this sounds disgusting i mean i feel bad why why did they just hand me this who would think for a second oh i should take a jalapeno and stuff takis inside of his takis that's already hot it's fuego okay so i'm gonna say this cream cheese and i'm gonna put it inside the jalapeno okay we got it time to put the takis in can you open this place i'm excited three two one anyways this is a perfect way to end off the video i hope you guys all enjoyed watching me try viral tick tock foods and drinks the things that i tried today i never thought i would try in my life and it was good what do you think was the best thing out of this whole thing we tried yeah i like the jalapeno yeah i hope you guys all enjoyed this video make sure to follow me on all my social media follow me on instagram twitter follow me everywhere and i'll see you guys all in my next video i love you and peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Miku_lover88 [5 likes]: I DON’T LIKE COCONUT OK? 4:35
  2. @Oumayma-ly8bv [2 likes]: Spit out the seed? I never heard of that
  3. @aenarii.ৎ [2 likes]: 2:11 iM tRyInG tHe CoCoNuT wAtEr BeRrY bReAkFaSt CeReAl....  I hAvE bLuEbErRyS... sTrAwBeRrYs..... PoMeGrAnAtE.... cOcOnUt WaTeR.. (OkAy LiIzZoO) "i like ice w my cereal... (why u talking like that?...) MmMHhMmhH... "rest of mukbang...😋😮🤯😲*its good..."
  4. @minatran3652 [1 likes]: You swallow the seeds from pomegranate
  5. @wholehearted555 [1 likes]: Courtney I’m sorry but I can’t agree with u about the jalapeño bc it’s good asf
  6. @Katseyedd2 [1 likes]: 2:07 “We in the kitchen” loll my favourite part of the vid ✨
  7. @poppy3982 [1 likes]: Whose here in 2026 after she attended the Grammys
  8. @TeajaniqueThomas [1 likes]: gurwl u was so tea in this vid (just like all ur vids)
  9. @LourdenaelFequiere [1 likes]: I love how they're just vibing every second and as soon as she says spoon she starts singing
  10. @iamatree-k6z [1 likes]: I was getting angry at the first TikTok cause I don't like when they whisper into the camera. I know it's supposed to be ASMR but for some reason, I can't handle ASMR, it makes me angry. Especially the whispering
  11. @laylayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy: C-courtney i-ive been a reezy for a year a-and i-im not seeing results- literally gets bashed by the entire community lol
  12. @Ellie-f7i: LIZZOS VIDEO PMO HER VOICE PISSED ME OFF IDK Y
  13. @EmmaArrigo: peppers and cream cheese are good but only once in a blue moon because its really unhealthy
  14. @kayleesfunvids: If you're merch makes me 60% more attractive that would mean im 10,060% attractive 👁🫦👁
  15. @n0xne_c.res07: 9:38 Long video where?? I just got settled down 😭😭🫶
  16. @Rossmuffin: Natures cereal lowkey looks AMAZING
  17. @L3AH-p1p: I'm trying this right now
  18. @Youdontknowmeee3215: 4:57 ITS BUSSING BUSSING
  19. @Youdontknowmeee3215: the “STOP IT DONT LOOK AT ME!!” is actually so realllll😂😂 don’t want nb watching me eat my food
  20. @jupiter-l3i: I bought your merch and now I pull all the guys, even the straight ones. Thank you queen reezy

- Testing Viral TikTok Slime Trends: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm testing out three viral slime&nbsp; Trends to see if they really are worth&nbsp;&nbsp; the hype first up we're gonna try making&nbsp; rainbow slime this has been around for&nbsp;&nbsp; so long but I've never actually tried it&nbsp; properly to make it I just split up this&nbsp;&nbsp; clear slime in six different parts&nbsp; and dyed them all different colors after I dyed them I used the same Clear dish&nbsp; and put them all next to each other this looks&nbsp;&nbsp; so pretty but I was so excited to see what it&nbsp; would look like after a few days and just 24&nbsp;&nbsp; hours later the Slime was done and it looked&nbsp; amazing the colors Blended perfectly together&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was so impressed with how this turned out as&nbsp; I continue to mix and stretch the Slime it seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to reveal even more gorgeous colors and patterns&nbsp; the texture was perfect making it super satisfying&nbsp;&nbsp; to play with this trend definitely lives up&nbsp; to the hype and I would 100 want to try this&nbsp;&nbsp; again next time I'd probably do colors that look&nbsp; better together once they're mixed but to be fair&nbsp;&nbsp; this one did mix to a really pretty shade of blue&nbsp; let us know what colors we should try next in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments below and don't forget to subscribe and&nbsp; give this video a like now the next Trend we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be testing is adding a whole can of&nbsp; shaving cream to just one slime I poured around&nbsp;&nbsp; eight ounces of glue in so the amount of a regular&nbsp; slime and added the entire can of shaving cream&nbsp;&nbsp; I mixed it all together and this looked like&nbsp; frosting it's a shame it smelled like shaving&nbsp;&nbsp; cream because this looked good enough to eat once&nbsp; the activator was added it really came together&nbsp;&nbsp; so quickly much quicker than a normal slime and&nbsp; I think it's due to all the air in the shaving&nbsp;&nbsp; cream but is this trend really worth the hype&nbsp; absolutely not it felt really cool and kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; like a marshmallow but it just didn't stretch&nbsp; once had been played with once it was kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; just a ball of Flubber last but not least we have&nbsp; our final Trend adding too much glitter to slime&nbsp;&nbsp; now we already tried this and it was a complete&nbsp; fail but we wanted to give it another chance and&nbsp;&nbsp; add just slightly less glitter as the last time it&nbsp; just went rock solid now to be completely honest&nbsp;&nbsp; I was a little skeptical about this one but I was&nbsp; really pleasantly surprised it had a really soft&nbsp;&nbsp; yet crunchy texture and I really enjoyed playing&nbsp; with it but is it worth the hype yes this one is&nbsp;&nbsp; one of my favorites and was probably my favorite&nbsp; out this entire video you just have to be careful&nbsp;&nbsp; not to add too much glitter even though that's&nbsp; kind of the whole point of it thank you guys so&nbsp;&nbsp; much for watching today's video and let us know&nbsp; what you thought about it in the comments below&nbsp;&nbsp; these Trends were so fun to test out and we&nbsp; hope you enjoyed them too see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AizaGuzman-e2m [1 likes]: 1:49
  2. @agb-5 [1 likes]: Who wants a face reveal like   Not forcing
  3. @ATruChristian [1 likes]: Purple and pink
  4. @ayok.exists: Bro sounds like Two from tpot😅😅
  5. @MelaniDavenport: Show Shadow fighting I love you
  6. @MelaniDavenport: 😊 I love your videos so cold I want I subscribe like if I want to say yes
  7. @libbykahnke5258: U should do pink purple and blue
  8. @Rodri-o9b: 145 🇲🇩 Moldova
144 🇶🇦 Qatar
143 🇬🇶 Equatonial Guinea
142 🇸🇿 Eswatini
141 🇦🇱 Albania
140 🇯🇲 Jamaica
139 🇱🇹 Lithuania
138 🇱🇸 Lesotho
137 🇦🇲 Armenia
136 🇧🇪 Belgium
135 🇧🇦 Bosnia
134 🇵🇦 Panama
133 🇲🇳 Mongolia
132 🇪🇷 Eritrea
131 🇨🇭 Switzerland
130 🇳🇱 Netherlands
129 🇪🇪 Estonia
128 🇨🇷 Costa Rica
127 🇩🇴 Dominican Republic
126 🇸🇰 Slovakia
125 🇰🇼 Kuwait
124 🇲🇷 Mauritania
123 🇮🇪 Ireland
122 🇴🇲 Oman
121 🇨🇬 Congo
120 🇸🇬 Singapore
  9. @Rodri-o9b: 2:15 Out
  10. @Rodri-o9b: 169 🇩🇲 Dominica
168 🇽🇰 Kosovo
167 🇪🇭 West Sahara
166 🇲🇰 Macedonia
165 🇬🇧 Northen
164 🇲🇪 Montenegro
163 🇷🇼 Rwanda
162 🇩🇯 Djibouti
161 🇸🇻 El Salvador
160 🇬🇦 Gabon
159 🇧🇹 Bhutan
158 🇭🇹 Haiti
157 🇲🇸 Monserrat
156 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿 Wales
155 🇬🇫 French Guyana
154 🇧🇮  Burundi
153 🇸🇷 Suriname
152 🇬🇾 Guyana
151 🇸🇮 Slovenia
150 🇫🇯 Fiji
149 🇧🇭 Bahrain
148 🇬🇭 Ghana
147 🇳🇦 Namibia
146 🇧🇼 Botswana
  11. @Rodri-o9b: 200 🇰🇮 Kiribati
199 🇵🇼 Palau
198 🇬🇺 Guam
197 🇹🇨 Turks and Caicos Islands
196 🇬🇸 South Georgia
195 🇸🇹 São Tomé and Principe
194 🇨🇼 Curaçao
193 🇫🇰 Fakland Islands
192 🇱🇨 St Lucia
191 🇾🇹 Mayotte
190 🇵🇫 French Polynesia
189 🇼🇸 Samoa
188 🇳🇨 New Caledonia
187 🇲🇶 Martinique
186 🇱🇺 Luxembourg
185 🇬🇲 Gambia
184 🇧🇿 Belize
183 🇬🇼 Guinea-Bissau
182 🇲🇺 Mauritius
181 🇨🇻 Cape Verde
180 🇻🇺 Vanuatu
179 🇸🇧  Solomon Islands
178 🇹🇹 Trinidad and Tobago
177 🇰🇲 Comoros
176 🇨🇾 Cyprus
175 🇲🇴 Macao
174 🇧🇸 Bahamas
173 🇧🇧  Barbados
172 🇧🇳 Brunei
171 🇮🇸 Iceland
170 🇹🇱 East Timor
  12. @Rodri-o9b: 254 🇷🇪 Réunion
253 🇳🇴 Bouvet Island
252 🇦🇺 Heard Island and McDonald Islands
251 🇹🇫 French Southen and Antarctic Lands
250 🇳🇴 Svalbard and Jan Mayen
249 🇨🇨 Cocos Islands
248 🇺🇸 United States Minor Outlying Islands
247 🇨🇽 Christmas Island
246 🇻🇦 Vatican City
245 🇹🇰 Tokelau
244 🇳🇺 Niue
243 🇳🇫 Norfolk Island
242 🇸🇲 San Marino
241 🇦🇶 Antarctica
240 🇵🇳 Pitcairn
239 🇸🇭 Saint Helena ,
Ascension &
Tristan da Cunha
238 🇵🇲 Saint Pierre & Miquelon
237 🇦🇮 Anguilla
236 🇹🇻 Tuvalu
235 🇼🇫 Wallis and Futuna
234 🇳🇷 Nauru
233 🇮🇴 British Indian Ocean Territory
232 🇨🇰 Cook Islands
231 🇧🇶 Bonaire
230 🇦🇽 Åland
229 🇻🇬 Virgin Islands
228 🇬🇮 Gibraltar
227 🇫🇷 Saint Martin
226 🇲🇨 Monaco
225 🇱🇮 Liechtenstein
224 🇸🇽 Sint Maarten
223 🇲🇹 Malta
222 🇫🇴 Faroe
221 🇰🇳 St Kitts & Nevis
220 🇲🇭 Marshall
219 🇬🇱 Greenland
218 🇲🇵 Northern Mariana Islands
217 🇫🇷 Saint Barthélemy
216 🇬🇬 Guernsey
215 🇧🇲 Bermuda
214 🇰🇾 Cayman Islands
213 🇦🇩 Andorra
212 🇬🇵 Guadeloupe
211 🇮🇲 Isle of Man
210 🇦🇸 American Samoa
209 🇦🇬 Antigua and Barbuda
208 🇸🇨 Seychelles
207 🇹🇴 Tonga
206 🇫🇲 Micronesia
205 🇻🇮 Virgin Islands of the US
204 🇯🇪 Jersey
203 🇻🇨 St Vincent
202 🇬🇩 Grenada
201 🇦🇼 Aruba
  13. @JOJOAGOGOFUL: Tu
  14. @skyville3036: It looks good to ai
  15. @MaryamYousaf-v1b: Yoo im a new subscriber so uhh i give u a challenge slime maker 😆
Can u add 3 light colour dyes and make a clear glossy slime and a butter slime and mix them together i wanna see what happens 😊
  16. @pablorivera6412: 10000/12
  17. @strawbearydti: my leaft ear hears everything! My right ear feels deaf
  18. @BritC3: You should make a stitch slime more of an angel slime, but I think you should drink, angel slime from Lilo and stitch. I think you could do that, right
  19. @calina4: syd
  20. @urthngel: You are

- I Tested Viral TikTok Food!: Kind: captions Language: en America does everything bigger, including the hype. I've tried more viral Tik Tok food spots than anybody in the UK. And now I'm here in Austin, Texas to find out if the most talked about spots live up to the hype. First up, this looks absolutely outrageous on camera, but are people actually going mad for it because of its looks or its taste? All right, so you might be wondering, Cal, why are you not filming this in the pink hut? Well, um it's because she's banging some incredibly amazing uh copyright music. >> So, we're now in here in a safe space where we can do viral food ASMR. Sorry. Now, I thought the whole Dubai chocolate craze had ended and I'm I'm ready for it to end. This is probably one of the coolest takes I've seen on it. They've got the churros here and the entire thing she sort of created was around churros and bringing Mexican dessert to Austin and it's kind of ironic because I'm now having a Dubai chocolate Mexican. Anyways, whatever. This could be a mess. I feel like I should definitely have a napkin on. Um, let's give this I mean it's really warm. I feel like >> Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. This is why I don't film in the car. It's really weird because the chocolate sauce on it is really warm. The strawberries are cold, the cream is cold. So, I'm getting all sorts of stuff going on in my g. In the UK, we have like 99p flakes. Here, they've essentially done the same thing but with a churro. God, those churros are unbelievable. Wow. That might just be the best churro I've ever had. Hold on. My god, it doesn't taste too Dubai chocolateaty. People get really excited by the whole craze and then they feel like they have to make the entire thing taste like that. And that's just not the case here. And this thing is absolutely loaded with strawberries from top to bottom. It's not just a little sprinkle on the top. This is certainly something. Like an entire cup of chocolate, strawberries, and churros. It's tough not to like it. Churros and strawberries. I think that's all you need in life. I would say this place is underhyped. But when you come, don't go for the viral Dubai chocolate. Just go and get churros, strawberries, and chocolate. Like that is all you need to get from here. This actual thing is just appropriately hyped. But the actual place, I see the vision. I see it. But my god, does do I look like a bit of a mess? Yeah. Now, on Tik Tok, there's a food trailer that people claim to have the best wings in all of Texas. Bold claim. Let's find out. All right, so this is Ruthie's food truck. Now, Austin is known for some incredible food trucks. We have got the first thing here, which is Voodoo Bodine Bowls. Now, honestly, it looks kind of like a red velvet cake. There's like brisket, crawfish in here. Really nice looking sauce as well. What else do we have in here? How could I forget the main event and what this place is actually known for? And it is Ruthie's amazing wings. I went and got mango habanero. And then I also got hot honey lemon pepper. This is exciting. So I reckon we start with these balls. I've never had budin balls before. Let's see what we're going here. The flavors are so strong in this. That sauce is like some sort of Cajun creamy sauce and it is unbelievable. I will say it's a lot fishier than I thought it would be. Obviously, they have crayfish in these ones. This is really nice. It's just a lot fishier. I'm surprised at how fishy this tastes. Let me get another bite here. Oh god, it's so hot. Wow. I'm happy to have those balls in my mouth for sure. Now, these wings, like I said, they were a highlight. These were voted the best wings in Austin, Texas. Now, just look at that. I can already tell by the coating. This is going to be a good bite. This is hot honey lemon pepper. There's a lot going on. Let's Let's see if it tastes good. Wow. Oh, these are good wings. Succulent. That sauce is outrageous. The flavors are so strong. little bit of a kick to it. The skin's lovely. Like I said, I still reckon there's room for it to be a little bit crispier, but that would be my only critique. Now, for the flavor I was most excited to try here is the mango habanero. Let's give this a whirl. Wow. That has a sensational kick. And then the fruiness of the mango. I mean, mango with a lot of food is just unbelievable, but this is lthered in the good stuff. Just amazing. If there's one thing I have to kind of give you guys a heads up on was it took ages for the food to come. Usually you think food truck. It'll be pretty quick in and out. We were genuinely waiting close to an hour. God, I I have to say it's it's like so worth it. This food is great. Those red balls in my mouth were also pretty amazing. It's time for the rating. Now, these were voted the best wings in Austin. And for me, I don't think I can put it as underhyped because they're already extremely hyped. The wait time is a little bit long. I think this is appropriately hyped. It's a great spot. If you are in the area, it's worth coming to. The whole vibe in this place is pretty sweet. Next up, the world's biggest petrol station with a brisket sandwich that's broken the internet. This is Bies. Mate, what sort of satanic ritual was that? That is wild. Look at him. He's just cutting this up. Fresh brisket on the board, baby. Look, we're in Texas. The barbecue, the beef, the meat. It's going to be unbelievable. I'm going for this. This place is just not real. Genuinely, it's not real at all. So, this right here is the brisket sandwich. and Bies. I'm not going to lie, the food in there didn't look incredible, but everybody does go on about this exact sandwich. This video is brought to you by Olafly. Now, Olafly are great because they cover over 200 different destinations with their eim and their monthly sibs cover. The juices are flowing. I'm thoroughly enjoying it, but I don't really understand the hype if I'm honest with you. It's good. It's not great. Now, one thing that's super helpful is the always on feature. That means anytime things are going wrong, you've got a gigabyte of backup data. Rio here's buzzing about it, to be honest. You can tell it literally takes 2 minutes to set up and there's no faffing around with physical SIM cards. Absolute lifesaver. And Rio, you're going to like this one. They've got a support team that's around 247 to make sure if anything does go wrong, they're there for you. Good news is I've got 5% off of the eim. So, make sure you use my link down below. And even better, 10% off the monthly plans. If we're going to top reviews, I am going to give this overrated as hell. I'm not going to lie. I just don't understand it. I feel like you can get this pretty much anywhere. Cheers. Round Rock Donut. A 14in donut. 14 in. Do you know how big that is? All right. So, this right here is the world's largest doughut. And I'm in Texas at Round Rock Donuts. Look at the size of this. Genuinely, it's bigger than my head. I'm having to hold it with two hands. This is So, this is just a regular glazed doughut. My god, it is absolutely massive. Who th This will feed a family for the month. I need to know, is there anybody consuming this entire thing? I'm so grateful that they didn't have the calories and the amount of sugar on the menu. This is not an eating challenge, and I will not complete eating this, but I will take a bite out of it and let you know if it's any good. Right, here we go. M. Okay. Now, the glazing is okay. It does just feel like I'm taking a bite into a loaf of bread, though. I don't really know what to say. There is nothing that special or great about this other than its size. You are really buying this simply for the novelty. It's an okay donut. Now, in fairness, this is coming in at $11.98. So, pretty much $12. That is an absurd amount for a donut. But seriously, back home in London, you can pay that for a decent sized donut. At least this is the size of my entire head. I need to know. Is there anybody that consumes this entirely for themselves? If there is, point me to them. I want to meet them. Or maybe I don't because I think you have to be deranged. This is going to confuse a lot of people. But I genuinely think this is appropriately hyped. And the reason for that is because it genuinely is massive. The whole hype is around it being absolutely massive and it lives up to that. Yeah, appropriately hyped. Next stop was a pizza spot. Now, this one is tipped to be the best in Austin. All right, so here we are. This is All Day Pizza. A viral spot here in Austin, and it's based on a New York style pizza. I mean, look at I mean, just about flopped at the end there, but genuinely the base is nice. The undercarriage is solid. And this is the Strachiatella, I believe, uh, slice. So, they do it by the slice here, which is great. I'm absolutely bricking about having that one, but we'll deal with that when we get there. Let's give this a go. Now, they ferment the dough here, and their whole sort of thing is the crust and the actual base of it. And I do think they are really nice. Although what I will say is the flavor is not really punching forward. Let me have another bite. I have to admit that they are right. The strength lies in the base in the dough in the fermented dough. I think that is really nice. Now this one here we have the sweet sausage which I'll be honest with you doesn't sound too appealing. I usually go for like a spicy sausage. Oh wow. There is a lot of What is this? Oh, what is that? Is that like a Is that a honey? Again, solid solid base. The sweet sausage. I don't know if it's two things that I personally like together, but honestly, for $6, it's pretty good. I'll be honest. Like, the size of these slices are are nice. Whenever you get like a viral food, it's like, right, okay, so what is this doing exceptionally well that others aren't doing? Like, why has this gone viral? And I'm not too sure I really get that. That was until I saw this. My quite literal worst nightmare. The pickle pizza. I don't like pickles. They've made an entire pickle pizza. So, I'm going to do this. It's almost like a tor. Wait, wait, wait, wait. We're getting a bit of an interruption here. >> Double figures across Scotland. So, we'll continue to see if the risk of some snow melt as well. There's a lot of weather going on at the moment. Stay up to date on our social media channels and on our YouTube channel. >> I said no pickles. If I take a bite out of this, you have to subscribe to my newsletter where I send across my weekly rambling thoughts on food places, recommendations, places that are overrated that you should avoid. It's free to subscribe. You might as well give it a go. I'm going to eat this as a thank you. Oh god. Oh, you you just can't you there's no way you can convince me you like pickles. It's a lie that we all just people just say maybe it makes them feel more sophisticated. Guys, absolutely vile. All right, let's rank this. I'm going to have to come in a little bit overrated. It's a solid pizza. I enjoy it, but I'm I don't feel the need to tell you guys to come and visit here. And I would just say most places in New York are probably better than here. If you were craving a pizza, come and try it. Otherwise, you'll be fine if you lived your whole life without abote. >> Bird Bird Biscuit. Their famous biscuits have got the entire internet talking. Let's see if it's old chat or genuinely good food. All right, so here it is. This is the best biscuit. Now, if you're from the UK, you'll have no idea what the hell a biscuit is. And to be honest with you, I'm not entirely sure. But this is called the Queen Beak, and I added some bacon to it. Let's hope it's crispy bacon. instant points if it's crispy. Oh, that bacon's crispy. So, get a look at it. It's almost like um a scone or a scone, however you want to pronounce it. That's what a biscuit essentially is. And I've had them before and they can be quite stodgy and like really thick and to eat. But anyways, this one here has got some incredible sauces and is known to be one of the best. So, I feel like if I don't enjoy a biscuit breakfast after this, I'm never going to enjoy a breakfast. Biscuit biscuit breakfast. All right, let's see if fried chicken and a scone goes together. A biscuit, sorry. Right. Oh my god, that chicken is so light and fluffy. And I don't think I've ever said that about chicken before. It's usually juicy and succulent, but this this is insane. The actual fried chicken is unbelievable. The actual biscuit itself. I always feel like it would just taste better in a usual bun, like a burger bun, because it is so heavy and stodgy. Wow, this is really good. I love how these places are literally just on the side of the road kind of out of nowhere. There's not like a massive queue here, at least not right now. I have been told that it can get really busy during peak hours. Fun fact about this place, it was actually voted the fifth best place to eat in America in 2022 by Yelp. Now, that might be like, oh, fifth place, whatever. But in the whole of the US, that is an insane accolade to have, and I'm honestly not surprised at all. This has got to be one of the best sort of viral meals that I've ever had. I usually come to these places and they're okay or they're forcing it, trying to do weird things. That leads me on to talking about the rating today. Underhyped, adequately hyped, or overhyped. I cannot explain to you how underhyped this place is. If somebody was coming to Austin, I would say, "You have to come here." If somebody was going to the US, I would somebody was on planet Earth, I would say, "You have to come here." >> All right, that was a bit dramatic. I I'll be honest. But it is really good. NADC claims to be the best burger in Texas, and it's won a bunch of awards. But you know me, and I know burgers, so let's figure this out. The self-proclaimed best burger in the US, Nadka. No, I'm pretty sure it's NADC. This right here is their regular burger. It's just the main one, the NADC burger. And like I said, they claim to be the best in the US. Now, it has 100% Wagu beef. I'll be honest with you, when it comes to burgers, I don't think Wagu beef is the one, but this does look amazing. It's got American cheese here in America, so you can't go wrong with that. You've also got jalapenos. And I'm seeing a lot of pickles. Just just no pickles today. Anyways, let's give this a go. First bite. >> The level of smash in this is really nice. They obviously have the two patties instead of one, so you're getting your money's worth. Kind of slightly on the pricier side. $16. They've got the sweet potato bun. My only problem with this bun is as soon as you start eating into it, it has literally become flat. The sponginess has gone and all the focus becomes the meat. Now, it is the Wagyu meat and it does taste good, but it's not gamechanging. I do really like this burger. Do I think it's like a viral best burger? I I don't think so. I would say it's slightly overhyped, but it is it is a good burger. And I I don't want to on it. Oh, yes. What's going on? Now, this place is actually like the wild west. I'm not even joking. Right, the beast fries. This is a popular thing that all people say to get. Jalapenos on the top, cheese, and some sort of sauce. Somehow sauce. Wow, that is way better than the burger. Are these the best fries I've ever had? No, that's too early. Shout early shout. Sorry, I might have got ahead of myself. There's almost like a texture around the crispiness. Can you see like the texture? I hope this is coming through. >> I'm not willing to give them the best burger award. Certainly not in the US. I've had better in the US. I've had better in the UK. But the fries, these people need to be known for their fries. We need the secret recipe ASAP. Now, for the burger, it's overhyped. For the fries, wildly underhyped. So, I'm going to have to meet in the middle and just say this place is appropriately hyped, but it's not for the burger. It's all to do with these the main show. >> So, there we have it. Seven spots. And honestly, America smashed it. I mean, nearly all of them lived up to the Tik Tok hype. Just lay off the sugar a little bit. Just a little bit. And please keep those damn pickles away from me. That's all I ask.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Calfreezy [12 likes]: Use code CALFREEZY for 5% off eSIMS and 10% off Holafly Plans for the first 12 months - https://holafly.sjv.io/VOZAm6
  2. @azuure8894 [1 likes]: nice of shakira to bring you along mate
  3. @ah447: You need to collab with Faze rug in America your vids are identical. Ive been watching since your fifa 14 vids nice to see ur still going strong
  4. @mipmipz: Calfreezy on a HOAARSE with a BUARGAR. Who would have ever thought?
  5. @Imirons4eva: Did bro eat the storks on the strawberries ?
  6. @xbustinjieber: I didn't think you were supposed to feed giraffes junk food.
  7. @Tentoumushi69: Sid from toy story ah hair
  8. @mem-um8ff: churros are not mexican bro
  9. @jeffershd: pickles are dog
  10. @tomjueris9972: Diabolical how much he leaves on the wings. Half is still on it haha.
  11. @Cook1e00: 7:56  editor on that generational run
  12. @Cook1e00: 7:29  its like theyre twins
  13. @JR-rq1yy: 3:38 - for a moment I thought I was watching Sidemen among us video
  14. @kxrlin: i actually used HOLAFLY in Japan.. and its actually really good im not even joking. I would recommend holafly
  15. @simonperell4918: Cal's channel really went from "what does Calfreezy even do?" to banging videos and crisp content while having a scran.
  16. @vk12ps: Realistically cal we love your food reviews don’t ever stop!! #burgur❤
  17. @vk12ps: Don’t ever take off your cap again pls
  18. @pLURRRRRR: go to Denmark and try some food🙏🙏
  19. @criminals112: Looking amazing Cal, 7:45
  20. @mechman7008: in the most unenthusiastic tone: "Ehhh BRISKET on the board..."